1) The following feature is called active display, it was integrated first into a Nokia 909, later introduced into a few Lumia Whidows Phone devices. 2) On windows phones (that the following feature was available on), it was labelled as "Glance screen" and it was separate from the lock screen 3) Glance is essentially an extra layer over the current screen lock layer. 4) I tried most of the alternative apps, yet I come back to this one all the time 5) GET IT NOW!
This is such an awesome app. It appears we can only place one widget on it though.  Unless I'm missing something. Right now I have the flash light widget. It's nice to have fast access to it. The only thing that could make this better is being able to set the wallpaper to something other then our home screen wallpaper. My lock screen was a modeling photo of my wife.  My home screen is Cortana from Halo. My wife's  photo is to busy to be a home screen but it would be  great if I could use it as a lockscreen
I've been using AcDisplay for a long time now.  It handles notifications simply and smoothly, right out of the box, but now has plenty of customization options available (esp. custom widgets) The only problem I've encountered so far is the occasional non-responsive media controls, but I'm sure they'll be fixed soon.  Thanks, dev!
Edit: 'Had to uninstall. Started taking too much resources/battery in the background I don't know, if it's a bug or anything. Kindly fix it.' Really cool. It's a no nonsense app. Please do rem though this app keeps on running in the background and though it's not really a super heavy app but it's not feather weight either. It is perfectly fine by me, coz I find it to be totally worth it. It gives you a  buttery smooth  experience and the lock screen looks wise is damn cool. Love it. Thank you so much!!
I noticed that whenever I press my physical home button, it automatically unlocks my phone. Not sure if that was done on purpose though. Also, when I press my recent apps button, it takes me to my recent apps, which I don't think should even happen. It would be nice to add an option to set a custom wallpaper for the lockscreen as well as enable pattern and passcode lock. Other than that, I really like how simple and straightforward this lockscreen is.
1. WHEN USING LOCK SCREEN FUNCTION WITH PASSWORD CAMERA WILL NOT OPEN. If you want to use the AcDisplay lock screen and a pin, you simply enable AcDisplay on top of your stock lock screen. However, when opening camera from an off display using volume button shortcuts, AcDisplay will be in your way. Also, when using the AcDisplay camera shortcut, you will have to enter your pin before being able to use the camera (versus being able to use camera from the lock screen with the stock lock screen).  2. PHONES WITH FINGER SCANNERS MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY. Many phones such as the Honor 5x, Honor 8, Nexus 5x, and Nexus 6p have a fingerprint scanner that allows you to go from an off display directly to the home screen when your finger is scanned. You cannot do this with AcDisplay, as the AcDisplay lock screen will open up every time your phone is unlocked.
This app has such great potential I hope the developer isn't dumping it. Apps like "Glance Plus" is taking over but aesthetically can't compare to this, functionality wise the former has unique options like direct unlock with finger print, auto disable when call alert, the gesture wake seems more sensitive too. Would be great to see features like these on ACdisplay cos this app is well written. I think a lot of people don't mind paying for good written apps.
The lock screen is so beautifully simplistic and so far it's been working great. Only one issue: I have the app set to stay enabled even when there are no notifications, but every so often I'll wake the phone screen and it just gets right into my phone. The lock screen isn't there. So just that one issue. Something I'd really like to see is the ability to set some sort of security to the lock screen, whether it's a password, pin number, or pattern.
Everything is so subtle and clean. Just one thing, make it more stable for music player. In an instance, I was playing music and in the first time I looked at the screen I saw the toggles of musixmatch player and a blur of the artwork as the background. That was great but I turned the screen of and I turn it back on and everything was back to the clock and the phone's wallpaper. Please fix this because this is one of the best apps. This fix could mean so much. Thank you and I hope you will respond.
The minimalistic design is very pleasing and I really like the functionality. There is one issue: I have a phone where most of the time I use the fingerprint to unlock. Because this needs system administrator privelages, often I will click and my phone will tell me that because of Android security policy I need to enter my pin, and not use fingerprint. Also, it would be simpler if you could set a fingerprint within the lock screen instead of having to clock again to your normal lock screen to unlock.
You may call it a beta but if set up right this can be an amazing lockscreen! I have this setup in 3 of my devices! All look stunning! A hat tip to you my friend! SUGGESTIONS: Allow the widget to be centered on the lock screen, currently it's kind of 70% vertical. Allow making the background blurred or frosted rather than darker. I will happily donate to you!
The best one have used. Simple. But not so smooth now. If there is a carrier notification on home screen and if its not removed and screen is turned off and then on again. the app responds abnormally making the ac display lock screen blink continuously. Also if we are able to choose custom background instead of black or homescreen,it would be great! Down rated..fix the bug. would love to rate 5 stars then.
Waving your hand across the screen does not open the app.  I have tried it several times on my Galaxy Note 5 with no luck. That's one option that I had loved about the Moto X was their active screen. You could just wave your hand across the screen and the time, date and any messages would appear on the screen.  I thought that that is was this app was suppose to do, but I can't seem to get it to work.
Hi, i love this app it's so elegant and simple yet good aesthetic. The only problem is that for devices like mine which has fingerprint sensors. Their compatability is too far from acceptable i think it's due to the security policy. The case being that you can't use it together with the fingerprint and the users will also want to keep a lock on a phone for security and we can't use the app in sync with it
I love this app, such a unique lockscreen from everything else.  Rating 4 stars as I have 1 suggestion that I think needs addressing - when I receive a call and don't pickup, the phone remains on the home screen and doesn't lock itself. It's quite annoying when it is in my pocket.  Other than that, its a great app. Well done developers.
This is a great small and free app, but it doesn't solve underlying problem with Android Lollipop 5.0.2 screen lock. I've searched for some app to show small and compact notifications after upgrade from Kitkat 4.4.4 to Lollipop 5.0.2 on my Sony Xperia Z3 compact. Despite this beauty works smooth, it only makes things worse: to unlock a mobile I need to make FOUR actions: press power button, swipe AcDisplay screen, swipe my unlock pattern. This is just ridiculous!
This app is fantastic regardless! I would love some features like lock screen options, etc. But either way you did a great job. I was using Nils previously and stopped and really didn't find another one I liked until now but I have to try it out and see how it worked in my everyday use.
I usually dont like "defacing" the stock look of my G4, but i made and exception for this app. I hope the devs read this, because i have a few requests. The app sometimes puts my phone to sleep for no reason. The wave to wake option is sweet, but only works 1/10 times and my hand needs to be really close to the sensor. Other than that, the notifications on the lockscreen are baller, and the active mode is pretty cool as well and works most of the time.
This app definitely has potential! but there's no consistent development. I really enjoy this app for the most part, but you can tell there are bugs that need to be addressed. Why not update your app and turn it into a real money maker! I would pay if this app was keep updated.. Just so you know,  thanks
This is a fantastic app for someone coming from the Motorola ecosystem that misses the active display as badly as I did. There needs to be a way to swipe the media player out of the way to access the normal acdisplay screen. There also needs to be an addition that brings up acdisplay when the phone is picked up after sitting for a set period of time. I have issues with the proximity wake but pulling it out of my pocket always seems to work. Otherwise this is a fantastic app!
When i was unlocking my phone, sometimes it has delay and after 1 to 2 seconds the lockscreen will appear. And when someones calling, i need to unlock 1st before i can see whos calling. Its nice and clean but need passcode. I'll give 5 star for this lockscreen because in my opinion this is the best. But it lacks feature. If you can release a paid version app, I'm willing to buy this lockscreen.
The s7 Edge is the second device I've had ACdisplay as my main lock screen. Only issue I've come across is recently, when I have a notification and I click the icon, it won't give me any information of the notification in place of the widget anymore. If somebody can tell me what to do to sort that out, I'll rate 5 stars. As of now, it's the only nice looking lock screen worth having.
Now it only misses one thing: a security. After all, it's a lock screen, so it is pretty ironic for a lock screen to not have a security. Also hopefully more customizable, like being able to change your wallpaper. Also the notification bar shouldn't be able to go down while in the lockscreen. Those are my suggestions.
I don't want to use glance plus instead of ac display because acd, it's really beautiful! But I have to use glance plus because of two features: Customisable Analog Clock & Calender (both at different times can be added to lock screen). I don't want to use glance plus. Ac display team please, do something. Thanks. Waiting for your update, acd!
I was looking for a lockscreen without any flashy wallpaper or a lot of shortcuts, I mean when I will need an app I'll just open it, there is no need for it to be on my lockscreen. The thing I liked the most about this lockscreen is the way the notifications dissolve when pushed down. The solid color lock and the backgrounds are awesome,I keep them in random order. This lockscreen is The best for the users who love to be simple.
I always wanted something like this but I wasn't able to find however I think now I have with you AC Display. Now I am so much used to it that it is hard to get away not to use it. This is a feature that every phone should have. But no problem all of us have Android devices and therefore No Problem.
Probably the best ever lock screen app in my view. It's very simple and good looking, and works also great. Although it says the lockscreen feature is in beta and may not stable. But it's enough stable for me and works well. The very minimal look and unlock animation makes it different from other apps. But there no password or pattern protection is available in it. Please add some protection and the app will be PERFECT.
I like it. Nice to be able to see at a glance notifications and I love the simplicity. I just wish there was the ability to leave the screen on longer (until I dismiss, 1 hour, etc), maybe contact photos for notifications, proximity sensors, and shortcuts on lock screen. Also, it seems to not play well with Textra. When I get a text message, it will flash the screen on, then turn off and on until I open the notification. I have tried changing the priorities and all other options.
Love the app, I can see all my notifications very quickly in a bubble and close them and it leaves it as unread  and keeps me a reminder to open them again later , love the background blur and photo of the person.but the battery drain and RAM usage incresed and you remove the notification of the slide bar? If yes would be happy to rate it a 5 star
When i get home, the smart lock keeps my screen unlocked meaning i dont need to type in a password to unlock it, but with Ac Display set as lock screen, i always have to unlock the phone with a password every time i turn it on.. please fix (:                              -edit: nevermind i dont have to retype my password but i have to swipe a second time, however if i dont have a password set, then i dont need to swipe twice, i need a password on it tho
This app is absolutely, mind-blowingly and bogglingly, beautifully, totally and amazingly completely AWESOME!!! I have been looking for a lockscreen for so long that I almost gave up, but then along came AcDisplay. There is absolutely not one thing I would change in this app, that's how beautiful it is. No mistakes, nothing, none, nada, zilch. *App you're amazing, just the way you are* Hats off to the devs, great work, keep it up!!!💓💗💓💗💓💗
I used this lock screen for a very long time and loved it, but I had to stop using it because there was a bug with it that would disable/shut off my alarms immediately as they were starting. This, in turn made me late  for work on several occasions. If that one bug would or could have been fixed... 5 stars,  best lock screen ever.
Perfect! Perfect!! Perfect!!! Nearly rooted my android and then I found this. Perfect in every way. Does everything I wanted for a lockscreen. Loving the minimalistic design too. Pure winner. I'm only nitpicking here when I say my only problem is with the tiny time notice at the top when you click on a notification. I wish there was a setting to turn that off. It's still the best piece of app I have encountered in a long while.
I love the app, it works smooth on my s7 and helps a lot with notifications. The only issue i have is when I try to unlock my phone, it opens the ac display, then after I swipe it goes to my lock screen before ac, and tells me I can't use my fingerprint to unlock my phone. I don't know why but if that gets fixed it is definitely a 5 star app.
Great minimalist lock screen. The wave proximity sensor unlocking function should be improved though. As well as adding more options for swiping from upper/lower right/left, not just dialer and camera. And it would also be perfect if you can edit the size of the clock. Hihi. Still an awesome app though! :)
The app is nice. I enjoy the sleek look it brings to the table; a nice change of scenery from the stock lock screen. however, it's a little irksome to me that the screen unlocks just by pressing my home button while the display is on. I also seldom experience an issue with the screen display coming back on just after dimming once a notification has been shown and no action taken. any way to fix these issues? Then you're golden!
Hi. I really like this lock screen. the feature where you can set the lock screen background as your home screen background. It even world with live wallpapers! I have not yet figured out how to add a pin, password or pattern so one of these would be nice (preferably pattern). Thank you and keep up the good work.😀😁😃😄
Hey, mate! Nice work! Really love the concept and design. I'm searching some good lockscreen app and then found this one, immediately love it! I have a small favor though, could you please add some security options to the lockscreen feature? I know it's not actually a lockscreen app, but if you could that would be great. If you do, I'll give it 5 stars.
I would had rated this 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I can't put in a custom widget (which was probably the main reason why I was excited for this app). I was able to have it actually work once, but it was also the last. It could had been better if it had its own passcode options. It's such a disappointment that I don't see any solutions yet.
It's doesn't work what so ever.  I'll have to lock screen enabled yet when there is a notification, it will just unlock my phone instead of showing the lock screen.  So instead of showing me notifications it unlocks my phone while in my pocket and ends up opening all my apps because my phone is unlocked. Even when I tap the home button or the lock button it just unlocks my phone.  It looks nice, but I can't use this anymore without wanting to smashing my phone
it's a gorgeous app, it makes my phone look minimal and pretty, but there's one little thing that could make it better !!! and it's adding a custom image to the lock screen, having the same as the homescreen removes the personal user touch.  I hope it gets changed in the near future 😀
After the update I can no longer interact with the notifications like you are able to before. I could only click on them to open them and that was it. I couldn't even dismiss them. Maybe it'll get better but now it's getting to the point where even though it has device administration its not locking the screen. Hopefully it will be it better one day soon then I'll reinstall
Please fix wave to wake feature. Does not wake up the screen in one go... And one more problem, whenever I'm using my phone, receives a notification and clears it at that instant it does not sync up with that. It shows the cleared notification after the lock is set!  So plsss u have some work to do...
Bugs i guess on 4.2 jelly bean. Wave to wake doesn't always work when proximity sensor is covered with hand. But yes it always works when phone is taken out of pocket. That's the only bug that i noticed till now. Otherwise a great app. So, Please release an update with these bugs fixed and get that remaining one ★
Great lock screen. I love that it will wake my phone as I take it out of my pocket. My only complaint is the notification that is always in my pull down menu. I know it's there for a reason, but I've used other lock screen apps that haven't needed that. If the developers would make that one change, this would be a perfect lock screen.
Really good but needs a couple of features. 1. Ability to set custom wallpaper (not from system wallpaper) 2. Optional password screen. Some devices do not allow you to remove the swipe screen meaning that you have to swipe twice to get to the password screen 3. Music player isn't very stable 4. Glitches out when there is a popup dialogue and you switch the screen off  Sorry if some of these have already been added, stopped using after getting Lineage OS. Otherwise it is an excellent app, looks really good as you can see most of your lockscreen. Looks really clean and beautiful
I installed it, tried it out and... Nothing! The lockscreen is exactly as before. Then I restarted the phone and... Nothing! Again as before. And all the times I had new notifications. Seems like no combination of options in-app can make it appear as my substitute lockscreen. Thus, I'm unistalling it. Buah
Great app, my partner has a Moto phone and has this function built-in.  I have a OPO and it's exactly the same. I can preview full WhatsApp messages without it saying I've read them and I can keep read receipts on!  Looks great!  When I swipe up to unlock I have to do this twice which I don't know how to fix.. Help?
Great app! However one major issue for me is that if ambient display is on and I take my phone out of my pocket, acdisplay does not show the currently playing music track. Instead, it shows the normal clock. Please fix this issue.
This app is wonderful. It's simple, attractive and very functional. I love the way the glimpse of your notification appears when you touch on the icon and vanishes when you take your finger away. Then darkens to remind you it had already been checked but doesn't disappear entirely until you actually check it.
Love how it looks, love the functionality. Almost everything is where they are supposed to be, other than 2 things. 1 - unlocking the phone is a hassle - please please help us with this. 2 - the ability to pick a wallpaper to show on the lock screen. Looking forward to the updates and giving this app the extra star it deserves.
This is the only app I have seen working properly as always on display. And it is not consuming much battery on my Samsung galaxy A76. I would prefer to give 5 stars instead of 4 I had given if you help me to solve this issue. I'm not able to see the always on display all the time. It's only shown at the time of notification arrives. I need to see this always. Please help me....
During the previous update, which was buggier than a rain forest, I HAD to use a different lockscreen. Let me tell you something: worst days my phone ever had to go through. I'm glad you fixed the bugs, this app is legit the best lockscreen app ever. Don't release any buggy updates in the future please!!! Lol
Loved the app. However I have an issue! Last time when I tap on the notification of WhatsApp, the contacts image will appear. However after the update it does not happen already. Just stays as the normal wallpaper. It works for other apps etc fb msger/Twitter Admin please take a look! I absolutely loved that feature.
please add more corner gestures to open apps, let me keep the display always on, let me unlock the screen by pressing the home button as once i press it, the lockscreen will disable, the only way to unlock is power button. And please let me set a password. Doesn't matter if you ask for root i am fine
This is by far the best lock screen app with notification that i have ever used..  keep up the good work..  but just one more thing..  if you can actually have a function to lock like password and pattern locks, that would be amazing...  then i will give you another star..
I love this app. The design is amazing and the simplicity it great, but if I press the home button once while its locked, it unlocks the phone... There's no point to the lockscreen if it can be unlocked that easily! That can even happen in my pocket!
This app has worked perfectly, but yesterday I noticed that I wasn't receiving some push notifications, I mean I'll get some app icons/badges, but the LED doesn't blink for some of the missed notifications.   Last night I went to the settings for each app and checked to see if maybe the notifications were disabled --- nope. At the time, I was chatting on Kik and changed the color of LED from white to blue, then went into the settings for this app and toggled on/off, which seemed to have fixed the issue. Also, I was missing the Pinterest icon/badge (showed the icon on the notification bar) and the LED missed notification.  This morning, I noticed the issue returned and showed no icon/badges or LED missed notification for Snapchat and Wordfeud. I then toggled the on/off switch via your app -- didn't fix the issue this time.  I've already done a hard reset and reboot. I'm gonna clear data and cache, and if that doesn't work, I'll reinstall the app.
This is definately the best Lockscreen. Simplicity is its name. Not complicated. I try others but end up comming back. A few suggestions... Weather info so I don't have to unlock to know. A bit more info on current playback; like album cover. Great work
This is by far one of the better lock screen apps out there. One thing, though is that it has absolutely no security. I think it would be great if ac display can use something like lg's knock password. That way, you can still keep the minimalistic look. For now, I'm going to stick with pin genie, but this is still one awesome lock screen app!
AcDisplay saves the day! After using ActiveDisplay on custom ROM with my previous phone, switching to a phone without that kind of notification is killing me. AcDisplay working almost all the time. Sure it is not perfect and buggy sometimes because it does not need root privilages, but I love this little app. Keep up the good work!
This is a 5-Star rated app. We all know it is not 100% success of implementation of a lock pattern/PIN, but it is a real job of a lock screen. And the UI is really nice but it should be in such a way so that it can be well integrated with the stock lock screen from Android like tap to unlock, and some fading effects like animations, etc. But other than that, it's super amazing.
Honestly, I find this lock screen way better that the android lollipop lock screen too! This is exactly what I wanted: minimalistic, useful and it doesn't even use a lot of battery! The only reason I haven't made this my default lock screen is that there is no password lock. Besides that, I recommend this to everyone who don't like their like screen's looks.
i love it. it's so simple and elegant. it has a minimalistic design and very useful. how ever there's a bug that driving me crazy. sometimes when there's a notification and display turns on, when u lock the screen, the display keeps turning on again and again after Everytime you lock the device. i don't what the problem could be. please fix this. thank you for your grate job.
The app is amazing and works better than the Moto display, in my opinion! But there's a thing that really need to be fix: in Android 5.0 or 6.0, when we unlock the Acdisplay, we have to swipe up the Android lock screen again to show pattern lock screen.
Great app and it is very stable and smooth. But I ended up deleting it since I didn't have any use for it, but it isn't a bad app. If you want to delete it, go over to the security section of your device and look for device administrators and remove the checkmark on AcDisplay. Again, great app. Keep up the good work.
I got this for the lock screen and I love it. Only had it for a day though. The only issue I have is that when the lock screen is active, I can hit the home button and it unlocks. That shouldn't happen. And there's no setting to change it.  That fix would bump my rating to 5 stars.
It's good, but if you make it more compatible with lollipop and marshmallow lock screen, can be better. Another thing, can you put always screen on feature? And, don't forget that the new phones have fingerprints readers, just make it most compatible and you have the perfect app. Good luck.
It works really well, just a little more work on the lockscreen, probably add a password or something. And also can you please take away that notification thing that stays at the notification bar, I'd like it more if it's not there.
I like it a lot but im having an issue to where my original lock screen will show then the lock screen that I chose through this app will pop up. I see my original like screen for a quick second then the acdisplay will show. And it happens every time I lock my phone then hit my power key to light the screen up. Please let me know if I'm doing something wrong or is this is happening to anymore that has rated this app. And a fix for it because I want to use the app but it there isn't a fix for it I'm doing this delete it. Thanks.
I have been using this lockscreen for a couple of days now and I really like it. It is very user-friendly as it runs really smoothly. One thing I want on the next update is an option to put a lockscreen code or pattern. Other than that, this app is perfect!
Either I'm completely stupid or there's nothing to this app.  It's like stripping the default Android notifications of all its usefulness, all its functionality, taking away anything that was intuitive about it, and replacing it with something in the beginning of its development phase which is so pointless that it may as well just be a picture.  It's like this app is just designed to take all your information.  The notifications were simple enough as they were.  I thought this may just boost the look of it.
This app looks amazing but it is not quite there as a lockscreen. Everytime I wake my phone up it goes to stock s6 lockscreen. Then after a few seconds it seems like ac display realizes it's supposed to be a lockscreen. That's the only complaint I have and it's a deal breaker for me
Omg god man! This is like literally the closest thing to the moto x ect ect active display! This is incredibly awesome! Smoothly runs on my phone (nexus4).. Do face a few problems with the proximity sensor feature but what the hell! This is one amazing app and no major complains or any defect!
Great work! still a bit of lag here and there though nothing major Could we have custom wallpapers for the lock screen? And holding the home button pulls apps into recent apps list. Just to point it out
I absolutely love this lock screen! Stopped using and just came back to it. However, I can across one issue. The media buttons do not work when using Spotify and work every now and then in Google Music. If you could fix it would be perfect!
This is one of the best looking and most inventive lock screens I have seen. However, it would be great to see a built-in lock function. It's the one thing keeping me from using this as my current lockscreen.
Great app all around, except for when I unlock the screen, in which case it has been auto-locking again after a couple seconds, really annoying. *update* the bugs are out of control, they were causing a huge problem on my device, and I couldn't stand to have it installed (made my phone slow, laggy, constantly crashing, and prevented the key board from popping up). Please fix these bugs and I would be happy to download again
This is the best lock screen. It's a shame it hasn't been updated in a few years. All it needs is fingerprint unlock integration and the ability to add custom wallpapers separate from the home screen. I'm pretty sure this is open sourced so if anyone wants to take the challenge!
give an option to use the lollipop style unlocking instead of swipe anywhere. I plugged in my headphones to listen to music and the app went beserk, it would show my music controls but they didn't work, no song info or time was shown, it works fine without headphones though
Fantastic application. Really, really like and enjoy this over the stock lockscreen and many other locking applications out there. The only gripe I have (though small) is the animation for dismissing notifications is very crude and glitchy. It works, yes, so I shouldn't complain, but it does not match the rest of the "aesthetic" that the rest of it conveys. Fix that, clean it up, and it's flawless.
I'm on 5.1 with an LG G4, sometimes the lockscreen seems delayed and I see my home screen for a second before the lockscreen actually engages. Also, it automatically snoozes all alarms making it unusable. Uninstalling for now, but I love what does work. Can't wait to come back
Widgets are not working on LG G3 and the Facebook Messenger Chat Heads appear on top of the screen lock when somebody sends a message. Besides that it's a great screen locker, cool design and useful features. Would also like some quick settings buttons somewhere.
I just can't seem to get widgets working, every time I open the widget settings it crashes. Everything else is sweet though. Edit: looks like this us a known issue for the lg g3. Too bad!
...it doesn't 'really' act as a lock screen. Pressing the home button on my A8 unlocks the phone. I should have to swipe, as an accidental press with unintentionally unlock the phone. Other than that it's people the best out there.
I didn't mind the lock screen it was easy to setup and get running. The wave to wake up didn't work the best.. My biggest upset was trying to uninstall the app.. It was very hard and I couldn't do it through my phone I had to do it through the app store. But very easy to use and easy to setup.
Would appreciate if there is a screen unlocking option like password or swipe .. using this app takes the phone at risk as there is no security..it just unlocks the phone and anyone is in..is notifications on screen more important than a secure phone??? If the home button is pressed Accidentally then too the phone gets unlocked .. what made you make this app? Only focused on screen notifications??
Oh no... It's crashing and no notifications... Here was my take when I just started using the app.... But.. Disappointed... Can we please fix the issues! Awesome minimalistic locker... Just works.. Tried so many screen locks... But this one rocks and works each time.. Specially when you have android 5.0 versions... Love this app. Cheers! Look forward to more features soon! Great job by the development team
Just downloaded to replace moto display which is great but not much customization but It does what I miss from acdisplay when I pick up the phone and it waking up using the motion sensors. This is just waking up by proximity sensor like puting out from pocket. Pls add that and it will be perfect. Or does it do already and I just miss it? And when it is on the phone on off switcher turn the phone off. Should turn on or have the option to choose. Moto x play
Still needs improvement tho. A bit of lag when locking the phone, it takes a couple of seconds to responde even with the "no delay" option. Plus I like the sound when the phone locks and with this app that won't happen. NEEDS PASSWORD. I don't like keeping the secure pattern of Android because it's like having two lock screens and that's just not the point. Other than that it is a great app! Lol.
I know you probably have lots of people asking about this, but is it possible to add a pin to the lockscreen? It doesn't need to be picture perfect, I just don't my friends to get in super easily. Thank you very much!
For some reason when I lock my phone, it reverts back to the original Android lock screen for a couple seconds to a minute before changing to the AC lock screen. Which kinda defeats the purpose of even having this one if it's just going to use the old one first. Would rate 5 stars if this was solved.
A lot better than DynamicNotifications and other such apps. Material design looks beautiful. Just add the pattern lock (even if it's not "totally secure"). And lock the home button while on the lockscreen.
You can't fault the simplistic, minimalistic and clean ui this has. I feel like it needs to work with Android better to be a complete replacement. I can't control my media from the lock screen (spotify) and it glitches when my pop up message reply comes up. Love your work thank you guys
For it's minimalist style, it's still quite functional. Love the sophistication.  Update: Now that I have a fingerprint phone, I cannot tolerate the lack of integration and having to enter a pin each time the wakes up.  Having to look elsewhere . . .
I love this app, it does what it says it will and it looks amazing. The only problem I have noticed so far is the app bugs and doesn't appear when you clear your notifications on the lock screen, but not in the notification panel. Other than that it is awesome.
EDIT 2: Small glitch I've noticed is when I lock the phone with my notification tray open, it remains open over the lockscreen. |  Sleek and functional/minimal. Looks so much better than the stock lockscreen. I've noticed a couple of bugs:the swipe animation freezes sometimes, and the clock has a lag in updating the time when the screen turns on. The only thing I didn't like was how I could only add one widget, and that when I did, it covered the clock. Other than that - great!
In the most recent update the app/notifications screen is automatically shown if we receive a notification while we're in a full screen activity. This interferes with the normal usage flow (e.g. games or videos get interrupted). This didn't happen before.
Unfortunately no support anymore for this app. It's such a pity as its  still the best of what's available 😓. At last a notifier that works. After  a weeks use I could see no battery drainage at all which is super awesome!  Its packed with options so that you can find what suit you best. I would  only request one change and that is extending the 25 seconds that the  notification displays before the screen shuts down again to up to 1 minute  as I don't always stare at my screen. Thank you for a great app!
It's a beautiful app.. It just interrupts what I'm doing .. I could be texting someone or on Facebook and if I get a text message even when im typing one, my phone locks and that pops up.. I may be doing something wrong.. if so please tell me.. thanks
You know I actually life this one it looks amazing, its simple, and looks and feels like a new phone. The only reason why I didn't go full five stars is because there is no password feature...I honestly would have loved to use this locker if it had that, but my family is pretty snaeky and I have many little sisters that like to go into my phone and mess it up.hahahah. but yah if it had a password option it would be the best one out there😀!!!
High quality lockscreen app that actually works. Music controls work for Spotify – seemingly rare among lockscreen apps. Is there any way to get the AcDisplay constant notification out of my notification tray? Seems to be unneeded clutter having it constantly running up there. Other than that everything is good!
Gave it all the permissions it needed and still  doesn't work half the time. Notifications will show up some times but not others, which kind of defeats the purpose of it. Sticking with the regular AOD from now on.
But please add a feature of locking device by pattern or pin. Because once we get notification , we have to unlock acdisplay and then phone pattern. This is quite annoying. So it'd be better if you guys provide pattern or pin lock. Awesome work at last.
Updated to lollipop. Removed the option to set 'none' as lock screen. Unable to enable lock screen or see a display in any way. When trying to enable permissions, it just takes me to main settings page. Might just be a problem on Samsung's behalf.
(LG G3 D855) Everything is perfect except one major issue.  After I receive a phone call, the AcDisplay lockscreen unlocks the phone and not putting the phone back to lock state itself.  When it's in my pocket, after a missed call,  apps are opened by accidental touches because of the phone is unlocked. This is so annoying and please fix this big issue asap.
I can not get the app to lock my Samsung S5 screen. I have tried multiple times and it has shown up only once for me. I do have it set for no delay, but that's not what I'm getting. So disappointing.
I loved this app for its simplicity and neat UI. However the main feature for me was the way proximity sensor worked every time flawlessly. But now I have to use power button every time to tum on screen... Really disappointed.
The app continues to crash all the time after android 5.0.1 upgrade. . Please fix the issue and the app will get 5 stars once again.  I've sent many crash reports - the app flickers when a message comes in and then crashes.  Still experiencing crashes and note 4 freezes.... 8/15/2015 - unfortunately I am no longer using this app due to the constant freezing and locking up of my note 4 when receiving txt msg or calls.
I love this app, but since upgrade to 6.0.1, the app gets frozen if there are no new notifications. This means the displayed time can be up to 30mins behind the actual time. Can I deactivate this “freezing”?
1. While locking it take some time to kick in..  2. Acdisplay services in notification bar is frustrating. Remove it if possible.  3. Active mode is not working like double tapping and waving.. fix it and i will give you 5 stars
This would be the best if you will add a security lock. It can be easily unlock by a single swipe. I would love to give it 5 stars because I really like the interface and the simplicity of this app. Its just that its lack of security. But overall, I really appreciate this.
I'd very much like the option to add a custom screen locking/unlocking sound to the lockscreen. Thank you & keep up the good work!
Sometimes the lockscreen wont immediately turn on, I'll unlock my phone and it'll be on the Home screen, then moments later the AcDisplay will come up. Very disappointed.
You should consider adding an ambient wake up mode for notifications at night. Instead of waking up to full brigtness, the screen should slowly wake up with a black   background to save battery. This would be useful for dock users at night. Amazing app by the way, its a peice of art.
1) Remove the permanent notifications that show up in your notification bar, it's distracting. I went through the settings and I didn't find anything. 2) fix the delay issue when unlocking the screen.
I absolutely hate that if it's set to active, or the lock screen, a notification is always present in the notification shade. Just looks tacky and I hate it. Almost enough to make me uninstall the app. But I am giving it a poor rating.
Perfect for people who love clean design and hate cluttered notifications. Would be better if there was a password, option to use a photo as background, and option to open more apps (instead of just dialer and camera) when swiping from the corners. And I wish the clock didn't go away when a widget is used. Looking forward to more features and updates!
I haven't had any problems by now. You should add a lock screen security like the LG. Just by tapping a code it unlocks. And at night for the clock to be always on. I hope you keep improving this app cause it's awesome. And one thing, I love the fact that this app doesn't have any annoying ads.
I absolutely love the look, feel, and simplicity of this lockscreen, HOWEVER, can you please fix the issue with my phone opening when I press the home/back/app kill buttons. This defeats the entire purpose of having a lockscreen if I do not need to swipe to open my phone. I ended up having to use my phones pin swipe lock screen to ensure my phone doesn't open randomly. PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!!
Thank you for providing such a great app. This is far better than the Samsung always on display. I have two suggestions that would make this a five star app IMO: It would be nice if I can adjust the delay when Active mode shows AC Display relative to me triggering the proximity sensor. Right now, it is about four seconds but I really want to be able to wave my hand over my phone. Second, I would like to have my phone behave as a clock full time when it is plugged in, and keep AC Display on.
How do you deactivate this rubbish app? I can't do anything to make it uninstall its useless I don't even get the notifications... Its just there for no reason and won't go now.
It seemed like the way this would work is I would be able to use this app and still be able to use a pattern. When I set this to "replace" the lockscreen the stock one still shows up after unlocking this app. That kind of defeats the purpose. I don't really want to use this if I have to give up security on my phone. At least it looks nice.
Awesome lockscreen for seeing and handling notifications. My favorite feature is that I can swipe from anywhere in any direction to unlock.    Has a few (very) annoying (recent) bugs such as locking the screen while I'm using my phone if I get a notification or the proximity sensor causing unwanted locks while using
Please remove the "acdisplay" in my notification bar! What is the purpose of that? Its annoying. Also this is a lockscreen with no security features...i can't even set a pattern or pin...there really should be a way to actually "lock" my phone. Other than that I really like it.
It's so simple and elegant. However, I've been noticing something that inhibits me from giving this app five stars. Sometimes it just stops reading notifications and I need to clear all the data on the app to fix it. Please fix.
5 star app for what it is. Perfect for people who want to use their own widgets such as Zooper for clocks, weather etc. Only thing I would ask devs to add is a security feature. I don't feel comfortable having no security whatsoever, but great app and does exactly what it says on the tin.
It's the closest thing to my old moto x that I can get. It works great and does have lockscreen ability despite what many people say. Just disable the phones default lock screen.
Will you guys be adding lock screen security in this app, this would would make it 100 percent if it has that for sure. I'm not too comfortable having my phone without a lock pattern or pin because then anyone can just go through my phone and that really evades privacy.
Almost the perfect one. It's very useful and easy to use. But I have some  problems with some apps. For exple, with Spotify, after a few mins that I  turn off the screen the music stops playing. Please solve the compatibility  with those apps.
A lot of potential, but some major issues on my phone. LG G3 on Lollipop 5.0.1. I can't add a custom widget. Every time I try, I get "unfortunately, settings has stopped." Please fix this!! Or at least give the option to move the clock to a different part of the screen.
This app deserves a 5 only when it works which is not always but rather intermittently.  Sometimes it doesn't work at all, sometimes the notifications don't work etc.  Quite frustrating!  On reboot some of the functions return, but come on...I won't be rebooting my phone 20 times a day just to have this.
It is a nice app overall but cmon "there is no secure lock on Android blah blah blah " no one cares about that Mr. Developer , its a lockscreen, LOCKSCREEN so if there's no lock what's the purpose?? I'm not worried about people bypassing the lock , I ain't got crap on it anyways , I just need to lock pesky people out -_-
You better like it, because it won't work without admin manager rights and you cannot cannot uninstall it. You are stuck with it forever, you cannot even move it to your SD card. BAD  BAD BAD situation. Wish I never installed it.
It's a beautiful app, I love the look, but you need to figure out a way to make it work with a pattern lock independently of the android lock screen.. Else I unlock through the app and find myself again at the default lock screen.
Awesome app, love the minimalistic and consistency of the app, no crashes at all just one gripe on the s6 edge, when lockscreen mode is activated, the lockscreen can be bypassed by pressing the home button a second time not requiring a swipe. Apart from that this app is fantastic
It work fine for few weeks, but since last 2-3 days notification are not showing on lock screen, pls help me to resolve the problem as the app and concept is very good,really help a lot ,waiting for reply
Not able to uninstall after I gave device administrator settings ! If I go to disable administrator , my settings keep crashing. Works with other apps, on for this app. Have written email to support last week, still no answer!
Does exactly what I was looking for. Kind of a "moto display" type thing. The only thing I don't like is that the animations aren't super fluid. Like swiping up to open one, it just doesn't flow like I'd like it too. But that's just nitpicking. Galaxy Note 4 5.1.1
It's a great lock screen, but I hate that it doesn't have a capablity to enable a pass code. I'd really appreciate it if the developer(s) can make this option available and keep its material style and functionality.
My settings menu crashes every time i try to disable this apps settings to uninstall it, so i can't get rid of it. I'm running stock marshmallow on a nexus 6. I've never encountered an app i could not uninstall. Users be cautious.
I really love this app! Huawei's default lockscreen is terrible and MS Next is not good either. I like the UI and it's simpleness: clock, camera, dialer, notifications and music controller, that's all what I require from a lock screen :)
HTC One M8, Works perfectly on both this and M7. One change - add an option to disable notification dismissal and enable opening. If they get swiped away in your pocket it's a bit frustrating. At least opening them by mistake keeps it behind the lock and in your 'recent apps'.
PLEASE HELP! Can I know how to uninstall this. Because when i get to device administrator setting, I seem like cannot untick and disable. It keep crashing my setting. I really need your help.
I like it but i seem to experience some type of bug or something. When i recieve a text notification, when my phone is set to silent, it constantly turns on and off the screen until i check or dismiss the notification. Is it the texting app i use? Is it something in the settings that i need to check or uncheck? Or is it simply a bug? would really appreciate a responses. My battery sometimes drains because of this problem... I use a Samsung Galaxy S6 Active.
Simply Beautifully Designed.. Devs I just want  to suggest one thing. Please Integrate this App with the lock screen so that the user will not have to swipe twice on lock screen😊  overall A awesome app😍
Whenever I wake my phone I have to wait a good 2 seconds for the acdisplay lockscreen to appear. Other than that, the design is very good and it would be amazing with this big sorted out. In addition, the dynamic background feature doesn't work I just get a black background
The concept is no doubt the best.The designer should use source code of Moto and Nexus for how the app activates and runs.Its pretty complex in here.I mean being a core user Ilafter installing and checking it out I realised its easier to just use the default features.But 2 stars for the effort. You can do alott better buddy. Please don't consider it as bad review. Waiting for update.Will install it then.
It's just like active display I used to have on carbon Rom and it displays notifications easily for you and looks great! The  lockscreen feature is just a tiny bit buggy cause sometimes notifications disappear at least for Facebook messenger
I really like this lock screen. It's the only one that I've seen that I actually want to use. The only problem I have with it is that it doesn't disable the home key before you unlock your device. After I hit my home key and I lock and unlock my device again, the lock screen doesn't appear for a moment. Allowing me to access my home screen and/or any app that I already had open. I don't know if this problem is able to be fixed without root, but if it is then I'd like to see this fixed in a future update.
I love the idea and the way it handles. The only real problem I have with this app is that I can't use my fingerprint scanner anymore (please fix) and I can't raise to wake when not charging. If those were to be implemented I would use this app on a daily basis and give it 5 stars.
I m using it since 3yrs, now i m on lg g3 6.0, whenever their is a network message popedup, at the same time notification comes the screen will began to blink until i clear notification,  device becomes hot if i dont see the notification
App is really good long time I have been searching for. One * missing as I'm unable to reply back to chats on Locked screen.  If you fix this will give 5 stars :)  ... Note Refer Floatify apps code....
Lock screen option and the notification feature is great and smooth too.. if you guys provide the security options like code/pattern unlock, you can replace the lock screen option which comes inbuilt can be replaced.. because not all the phones come with good lock screen options ;) No update to the app for a long time.. there are some irksome bugs to be fixed. Hence reduced the rating
However it seems to be abandoned. There should be an option to change lockscreen text color/opacity (or dim the brightness of it). It's too bright on amoled display. Also option to change font and size for clock would be nice.
I didnt think that there is a lockscreen app that doesn't actually allow you to lock your device (in the sense of requiring a password or pattern to access it), but this is unfortunately one.
since I use custom rom(resurrection remix). i want to set it as a lockscreen.. and it mention i need to allowed it tke control of my alarm.. but then.. it tell me to choose which apps need to be allow. ac display doesnt showed up. please update fast. i really love this apps..
I want to SET another wallpaper as a lockscreen wallpaper and not the default wallpaper. So please.... Also the persistent non clearable notification in the panel 😅   Everything else is just fine. Runs on cm11 😀 No bugs
Only problem is it only works in pocket mode. ( it displays my glance screen once I pull the phone out of pocket) and not always on . Anyways battery is not effected much and I like the way simple notifications are handled. Could be the best AOD in future to replace stock S7
Ok so I actually liked the app until I realized I cant Uninstall the app not in system settings not through normal drag to Uninstall explain to me why in God's name am I being forced to keep your app on my phone. Update even trying to remove admin privileges to the app settings convienently crashes. I am in able to remove this app
I was looking for something like this. Amazing performance! Just one thing i want the developer team to know that the music player widget is not working, is it not supporting on my device (Nokia X+) or some settings problems? Kindly let me know.
I like it a lot, but it still has some issues. For example, if i have an alarm turned on and when it rings and i dismiss it, my regular lockscreen appears. This also happens if i press the home button. I'm with Lenovo A859. I granted access to notifications and everything, but sometimes it doesn't overwrite my stock lockscreen. Could anyone give me an advice about this?
I m having some trouble after updating to android 7.0 (N), The phone gets locked and didn't unlock by fingerprint. And says "The device is locked by administrator". Kindly help.
It glitches often. When I press an icon, the notification doesn't always appear, can't always get past the lock screen either. Perhaps it's not updated for Marshmallow, but it's so close!
I loved this app on my note 3, but force closes when I attempt to add a custom widget. Emailed the developer weeks ago with no response. Upset I payed for an app that doesn't work.
The constant "AcDisplay services active mode, lockscreen" bar from the notifications panel when the screen is awake. Also the weather icon - I already have one! Can't disable yours. Please fix!
But I would love to be able to set a separate lockscreen wallpaper, instead of the home screen one I use. Also sometimes the app crashes and unless I kill and start  the process again the notifications are not shown after that.
But the only thing Is that it doesn't have a security password or anything ..hopefully it's something that can be added in the near future .   .   Oh one more thing if you could add more shortcuts instead of just having camera and phone like flashlight and so on that would be great .....
It works, unfortunately I can't see the notifications using my flip case. I searched the settings and I couldn't find anything to move the notification area to the upper top instead of the center.
This application has attached it's self to my phone and I'm unable to remove it! I've reached out to the developers for help on how to remove the admin rights and no one has responded. I have turned off all of it's functions but when you attempt to remove the admin for the application it freezes the crashes the setting! I am reaching out to Google for assistance since I belive this app is pure spam! Galaxy Note 5.
On Nexus 6P, after notifications time out, fingerprint scanning is not enough to unlock the device, PIN or pattern must be entered. Is there any way around this inconvenience? I have gotten really used to unlock the device using my fingerprint.
This app is not updated for over a year and fingerprint does not work on my s7. It keeps asking for the pin. Have to Uninstall it. So sad because it was my favorite for over 2 years
It's a near perfect match for my phones, G Pro 2 (Knock to turn on) and Galaxy Note 3 (amoled and all.) I haven't encountered any significant battery drain and/or force closing in my usage. Thanks for this.
I have been using this for a few versions of the app and while I'm really digging it it's started to really drain the battery and destroy ram. I would keep using it if I could but with the phoje I have the extra battery drain isn't worth it. Apart from that, this is a really excellent app that I will definitely come back to with successive phones.
Very happy to see that updates brought the ability to access the camera! Thank you. I hope the devs continue to improve the app. Would love to be able to unlock my device using my fingerprint sensor. My only problem with this lockscreen. Other than that I love it!
Seems like lightning n shivering  cannot be used, useful only pre lollipop please rectify the bug so it can be used. It is excellent app but cannot use.
Cant deactivate  it from setting samsung s5. Please help. Its a good app. Bt i m low on memory and i cant deactivate it :/ sent email to the developer so many times no reply. Seems like he doesnt care at all!! Very sad!! Plz replyyyyyyyyyyyyy No reply yyyyyyy
There's an issue with handling stock lockscreen on my Sony Xperia XZ Premium. Whenever AcDisplay times out, I cannot use fingerprint sensor for unlocking and have to manually type the password. It says something about device administrator locked device.   If you can fix this issue this will be a five star app.
Ac display is fantastic and goes extremely well with my launcher on my LG Leon.  But every app can be improved. Some improvements that I'd recommend is attempting to remove the constant ac bar notification. Annoying for some android users but nothing too major. Last but not least, I really hope to see different security locks like, a pin number,  enter a pattern or swipe to unlock. That has been a very wanted feature with this app and I hope the devs/dev add this in a future update, but for right now. Great
I have an s6 and sometimes when I click on the notification bubble in acdisplay it stays blank which is annoying. Would be nice to be able to use my fingerprint reader as well. Awesome app tho! Would recommend.
DEV NO LONGER SUPPORTING. SEE LAST UPDATE DATE.  -- NOTE USERS..... UNLOCKS WHEN HOME BUTTON IS PRESSED. DEV DOESNT CARE. NO RESPONSE TO PAST EMAILS. TRIED AGAIN, STILL SAME ISSUE. NOTE 5, 5.1.1.   **I RECOMMEND SNAPLOCK, THE DEV RESPONDS**
Can't add any widgets on lockscreen, setting suddenly stopped working. Would be better if have a built in pattern/pin locks
The lock screen works seamlessly, in every way. It knows when I take my phone out of my pocket and wakes the screen. My one complaint is that you can't choose separate wallpaper; it's either a solid color or your home screen background
Battery friendly and simple. This is ideal if you're looking to keep your phone looking light and modern. Kudos to the devs.  Edit : Hope the devs will address this problem. As of late the Lock screen doesn't turn off if I get a notification. I've set it to turn off five seconds after I get a notification but it doesn't. It will show the display and time without switching off which can be quite annoying when youre in bed and get a notification that makes the display light up all night.
I used this on my old phone and if was flawless and I loved it. Now I have switched the the nexus 6p and am having some trouble. I noticed that sometimes when I had ac display activated I would not be able to use the finger print sensor even after I unlocked ac display and had to do a password. This is very frustrating so I cannot use ac display.
I cant delete the app! It wont even let me clear data. The app is usefull,  but I was just trying it out! There was a bug,  so I wanted to delete it. Thanks alot. There goes 100mb that I wont get back. Never mind I deleted it
This app is hands down THE best lockscreen app for android phones. The only downfall is that there is no feature for PIN, pattern or password security. This should be added. Even if this is a paid feature, never the less, absolutely brilliant!
You just added it, but a pw version of the lockscreen would be great, so that you don't need to have 2 lockscreens. Also the music player layout. The background images of the music tracks sometimes are low quality and instead of showing those there should another simple interface opstion with just the black background and the player controls. Keep up the good work It's a great notification display app btw.✌
This should be number one in the play store. It's amazing. Beautifully designed and works every time. Just pick your phone up and it'll update you with latest notifications without having to touch a thing. Should come as standard on all android phones and now my number one reason to not make an iPhone my next phone. Brilliant.
5 stars if/when we're able to add lock screen wallpaper functionality. Why not have the option to use either home screen or lock screen wallpaper? Seems weird to only do home screen when Android natively has a lock screen wallpaper option. Good app otherwise. Very clean and sleek.. lock screen and application menu wise.
The lock screen is good and minimal but I feel unsafe whenever I leave my phone on a table or if I lost my phone. Please have an option to have security passwords or patterns. Here is my idea, instead of dragging only to unlock, you set up a pattern for it to unlock even without the 3x3 dots as long as it creates the gesture. But if it's not possible, any security measure can do.
Found that when I have an alarm set and it goes off, the app bugs out and stops working (resets to my default lockscreen) and I have to turn the app off and on again. Other than the issue stated, I love the app and how it looks/works.
I read the help. Thats a bad logic. Every lock can be broken but that doesnt mean that we shouldn't have one. I wanted to donate but just then I realized you arnt building a lock at all.
Love the app but why can i should i have to sacrifice the clock and other basic lock screen items for a widget wgy cant i have the clock displayed and the widget below it. And there is a glitch or maybe its purposely if u double press the home key (i guess it works only in phones with a solid home key like samsung not the touch) your this will bypass the ac display.i.e. if no security is enabled (e.g.pattern) u can unlock your phone by double pressing the home key instead of swiping
This would literally be the perfect lock screen app IF it had slightly more customization. Let us be able to change the icons and notification highlight color and this would be a 10 star app. PLEASE add these 2 things!
I like it a lot but it doesn't act as a proper lockscreen. It just acts like an overlay to my system lockscreen. Is there any way to make the app replace the system lockscreen?
I would like to uninstall it but when i try my phone says it is a device administrator. When i try to turn it off my settings crashes and its only with this app for some reason
The app is great and looks amazing. But I have two things that could change. First is setting your own wallpaper and the second is adding some sort of a pin to secure your phone even more. Other than that I love the app!
The s6 doesn't have the same IR sensors that the newer motorola devices have so the implementation is not nearly as integrated.  Not responding well to motion or gesture.  Transition to lock screen is clunky.  Makes me miss my moto x2...
Can't remove from phone. When trying to remove it from administration, settings app stops working.   Edit: Emailed them twice to get help. Still no response. I wish I could give this app -1 stars. Edit 2: Still can't remove from phone despite contacting the creators. Thanks a lot
One of the features I really looked forward to using when I bought my Moto X is Moto Display, which is essentially this, but with lots of annoying problems. When you tweak the settings right, acdisplay is a beautiful and useful lock screen. The primary annoyance is that you still have to go through the built-in lock screen which means multiple layers to unlock the phone. But there's probably nothing to be done about that.
I really like it, but the only problem is that I can't uninstall? It gives me the option to disable, but there's no uninstall. I went to the application settings instead of the Play Store and the uninstall option is grayed out.          EDIT: I'm silly,  I realised it's because it was running as a device administrator and I didn't disable be for uninstalling.
Can you maybe have a way of enabling a pin lock screen? Just for security reasons. And also you should disable the navigation keys completely as you can unlock your phone with the home button.
I didn't like the notification that never goes away and also I can't double tap to wake for some reason. For these reasons I'm just going back to stock lockscreen.
What happens? Used to work some time ago and now when I installed again, simple doesn't work anymore! It has some kind of incompatibility with cyanogenmod 12.1? Let me know and I'll try again and report the feedback.
I really think you should make just a lockscreen. This app is something in between a lockscreen and a notification app and it is not stable all the time. But it looks so beautiful and nice. I can't use it like this and I wish you will make just a lockscreen. It will be a fantastic app in the market.
The unlock animation was smoother. When I unlock the white screen with the lock icon stays up for a second or 2 and it get annoy especially at night causes it hurts ur eyes. Please fix and then I will give a higher rating.
love the simplicity of this lock screen. it would be super perfect if the music player on the lock screen worked. when im playing music and turn the phone on, the music player doesnt stay for more than a second and it goes straight to the time display. please fix
Could you add the option to display the battery and/or clock too? It's a pain swiping up just to view the clock then going back to use the widget. Otherwise a great app. Thank you!
I really liked it, it has a great and simple concept with a great design and animations. I just wish there was an option for security, a pattern or a PIN code or so on. I would have nothing bad to say about it if it had that. Other than that, great lock screen!
Updated my s6 to marshmallow and now the icons that show on the lock screen for notifications are screwed up - what's app shows as a triangle with ! inside, gmail is an h icon. What's going on?
Always liked Moto X's ambient display over stock Android's notification. Wave to wake never seemed to work but notification still works on both my Nexus devices. Good thing that DynamicNotifications is still being updated whilst this app has been abandoned.
This is a very convenient and visually appealing lockscreen. The phrase "less is more" definitely comes to mind here.. The only complaint I've found so far is that when I'm listening to music (via Spotify or Google Play Music) the album art and the entire media overlay disappear when the screen falls asleep (and it won't return unless I unlock my phone and lock it again) If it helps my phone is a Motorola Moto G running KitKat 4.4
On my Galaxy S3 this app doesn't work as it should in just about all cases. It wakes up about every 20 sec even though there are no notifications; gesture to wake it up doesn't work; the open animation is slower than stock, etc. Overall it's probably not suited to work with phones that aren't current models. Would love to hear back from the developer as well.
Great app and idea but too buggy on Note 4. Sometimes with cert notifications, esp from Textra, it would just keep waking up over and over and over until I addressed the txt plus other times even though there were no new notifications it would just wake up. Had to disable it as this was just too annoying however I wish didn't have too.
I have used this a few times now. There was a bit of delay at startup but now it is running smoother with the new updates. It's a very clean and easy to use locker with great custom features. Highly recommended to those looking for a great, secure and customizable locker. Highly appreciate this locker!!
I think this is a well polished simplistic lock screen and I love it but  please update your app so we can have a password and swipe locking. Then I'll give it 5 stars
I've used it for months and loved it, but not being able to set a separate lock screen wallpaper was a big deal for me. Since stock Android now wakes up for notifications, the only thing this app has is swipe anywhere to unlock, which I will miss.
As a self proclaimed minimalist, i fell in love with this lock screen. Sure, it doesn't have finger print unlock but I have all my sensitive apps fingerprint locked anyways. The ONLY thing this app could add imo is the ability to use a separate image for the lockscreen. Do that, and i will immediately raise it to 5 stars. Scout's honor.
I wanted to like it. I like the simple interface but the problem is that this works randomly sometimes I saw it sometimes I didn't. It would constantly go from this to my normal lock screen.
The settings and features in AcDisplay are adequate, or more than enough for many users. However, the lockscreen beta feature needs a lot of work (I've sent an email regarding some possible fixes). The app itself is basic, and allows everyone to get the most out of it, while it's functions are very aesthetically pleasing. Also, there is a very short delay between the lock screen activating and the screen turning off, which might be noticed by a few people, although most wouldn't figure it out very quickly.
Got it for the dynamic lock (media art) but it only works maybe 30% of the time. Usually just a boring ugly black wallpaper.
Actually not a bad lock screen app, but once installed, you must remove AcDisplay as an administrator before you can uninstall it. It took me a little while to figure this out, until I did, it was like Zombie apocalypse, the thing just kept reappearing. Seems like something nefarious was going on, no other lock screen requires administrator privileges. I might try the app again and see if it will function if I don't give it admin rights, but this thing scares me a bit.
Great but buggy. It sometimes stop working and I have to force reboot my phone, and it needs another option so that pressing home to unlock will not bypass it.
What a joke, man? Why not making something that is tide on security, does not bug? Most of the security app bug so easily like this one! Cannot even put your own wallpaper man.
But is a glitchy mess which constantly fails to work. I enable the lock screen but when I unlock the screen, it gets directly unlocked without showing the actual lock screen. I enable active mode, but I have to manually press the power button everytime I take it out of my pocket. If I lock it and immediately unlock it the lock screen appears twice. If I scroll down my notification bar and lock it, the bar remains on the lock screen. It also constantly keeps taking screenshots of the lock screen. Uninstallin
I've been able to basically recreate the functionality of my old Moto X  (Gen 1). I like that. I would really like this app, but it seems to have a  hidden function I can't figure out how to turn off. I have my lock screen  set to lock five minutes after the screen is off, so if I'm using my phone  often I'm not bothered with it. But any time AcDisplay comes up and goes  away, it automatically activates the screen lock. Even if the screen has only  been off for 30 seconds it locks. Can't seem to find a setting to disable  that behavior.
This is a great app. Have been looking for something like for quite some time now. This shows what you need to know, who sent what and when. Update: seems to have some issue with Marshmallow. Sometimes the notification text is blank even if you press the icon.
.... which is almost never. Ok maybe half the time it works as it should.         I've been using this off and on since May of 2014. It still needs a lot of work. Currently I would have guessed it as beta or even alpha versions software.
I really like this app. I like the simple/minimalist design. Only problem is when I set timers regardless of the timer/clock app, AcDisplay stops them from making any sound. They show up in the notification but no sound. No problem with alarms, just timers.
Good app.. but there's an issue.. when I get a notification while I'm working on the phone with screen on, the acdisplay gets activated and changes to black screen with notification icon.. happened with lock screen enabled and then also with lock screen disabled and just active mode enabled
Make this a fully functional lockscreen that supports fingerprint or pattern to unlock, to safeguard privacy. Also, Whilst its useful for bringing notifications, i cant reply my texts without unlocking my primary stock lockscreen 1st. That is annoying and redundant. I dont need two lockscreens,just one; THIS ONE.
Only problem is with devices with fingerprint unlock. If I get a notification, and I try to unlock with fingerprint, it accepts the fingerprint then afterwards I still need to enter backup unlock code like PIN or password to unlock the phone.
The 1 and only problem I have with this app is it opens up the whole messenger app. So I get text pull phone out of pocket and phone lights up the lil text icon.....(so far everything's awesome) then I tap that icon and see message with a reply button....(again still awesome) so I tap reply and small lil messenger box appears while I'm still on lockscreen (still awesome) I type message and hit send button and as soon as I hit send it opens up the whole messenger app (noooooooooo!!!!!) I
But the widgets setting is the problem because its written "widgets" but you can only put a widget, so that's the problem. After all, the app was nice and also add a security pattern or lock pin to make the app secure to the device borrowers.
Does any one know how to deactivate it. I have a Samsung note 5 and I've tried so many times and it just says settings has stopped working. Help!!!!
The active display notification keeps The active display notification keeps showing up while the phone is in use. This really irritates people because most of us don't want to be clearing their notifications every 5 minutes. up on the notification panel while the phone is in use. This really irritates people because most of us don't want to be clearing their notifications every 5 minutes.
I love the app. I've been using it for 2 years now maybe. What really ruins it for me is that I can't protect my phone. I'd love it to have a simple PIN feature.
it's truly a good app but..... there is two thing wich make me unable to use it... first the home button wich make me go back to the default lock screen even using xposed. secondly it make screen off memo unusable since it make the screen back off after 10sec.
The idea of the app is nice but i have some issues with the app. Maybe they are specific for my device (LG G4) but i am not sure i will keep using the app if it won't be fixed. For example, Any alarm i have, starts and immediately moves to snooze, another issue with the alarm is that it's not shown over the 'acdisplay' so you need to unlock in order to see it.
The best with its Simplistic attitude! Just a small request could you please add the 'Breathing Light' feature? Also, sometimes I see the default lockscreen shows up briefly before AcDisplay takes over. Other than that this is perfrct. I love it!
Great app, but... after the screen turns on and turns off (AcDisplay turns screen off), i can't unlock the phone with fingerprint because Android 6 security policies. So, it's useless. Every time i see a notification, then AcDisplay switches screen off again, i have to enter my code to be able to lock the device.
It's pretty good, like its minimalistic, and it's pretty easy to use. Although I would like if you would remove that annoying service tab on the notification bar, and add an ACTUAL security for the lockscreen.
A nice and clean lockscreen with a cool unlock animation. Only problem I have with this is that there is no PIN feature. Other lockscreen apps have them, but don't look as great and minimalistic as this one.
The lockscreen needs improvement on smartphones without home buttons. Also its a necessity to open notifs when double taping or swiping them. Another thing is to remove the acdisplay service from the notification bar. Dont forget to improve the calling system too.
The activate display was probably my favorite feature from my old Moto X. When I upgraded, I felt like something was missing, and this instantly fixed the problem!
Pretty great, neat well rounded. No Pin lock or anything, FAQ mentions that it can't be done or is not really secure, other apps seem to do it fine. Aside from that it's amazingly well designed and customizable. Use a second lock screen app for the pin lock.
App is good but have some problem with lockscreen in Android lolipop. When screen is locked and some USSD message received, on screen wakeup lockscreen flickers(fluctuates). Issue is specific to Android lolipop version. It was working proper on Android kitkat.
Please fix the next button for listening to music. It doesn't work. Also sometimes the app just shuts down and doesn't lock the screen. Otherwise good. But please fix. I have emailed but nothing has happened
I love it. My settings went wrong for some reason and I couldn't change the unlock effect for swipe to unlock and it was very piss-taking but this is probably better than what I wanted!!! Totally Recommend to everyone, you guys are life savers in my heart ♥!
I really want to like this. Since my 1st gen Moto X died, I decided to get the Galaxy S6, and very much missed this feature. Everything works well, but Android Pay now forces you to have a security lock. So now i have to put in a PIN then I'm taken to Ac Display. Its now more of a hassle to use. Until they fix this, I'll just need to dream of my last phone....
It's a pity this app seems abandoned—no updates since July 2015—because it has so much promise. The elegant and minimal design is an excellent foundation for further development.
If your looking for a lockscreen this app is incomplete.  In fact,  it notes the lockscreen feature is still in beta testing so really this app is not doing its 1 job.  Example: phone unlocks automatically without swiping and can be done by just a button.  Sometimes even auto unlocks when a notification comes up.  For the most part this app looks promising as it's clean and minimal.  However it's like a video-game you buy which needs constant DLC to make it work.
when using the app as a lockscreen the music player only appears the first time you turn the screen on. it would be nice to have an option to always show music controls while music is playing. great app in all other respects.
I've been using it for quite a while and love it. Only complaints are with lollipop's new lock screen (wish it could go straight to pattern lock rather than slide) The design is elegant and a beautiful way of showing notifications, much cleaner than the lollipop notifications.  There is one thing I'd love to have implemented: music control. Would it be possible for you to choose to play/pause/fwd/back depending on what controls are in the notification? Edit: holy crap thank you!! He listened! Edit: Podcast addict does not seem to have playback control. not sure if this is a fix on the display side.
You guys made a great lock screen. I'm on the HTC 10, my only problem is that the fingerprint scanner doesn't work. It will only ask for my 4 digit passcode after passing the lock screen.
There's no option to uninstall this app. For uninstalling, i have to uncheck it in device administrator, but when I click on it, the settings app crashes. So now i cannot uncheck it, means there's no way to uninstall this app. So I'm stuck with this app for life! 😠 Guys please do not install this app, it's complicated useless and you cannot delete it afterwards...
I don't know what happens? Was working so good. But now only show lock screen for second and disappear. Unlock by self. Sometimes not even show. What to do? I like app, is so good and I was using it for long time.
It's great, a must have in every Amoled display mobile. I'm loving my S6 with this feature, remember me my old time with a Moto X. The only thing that I'd change is the unlock animation; I think it's ugly compared with the rest of the app. Maybe one like the Motorola's one will feel more comfortable. Great work, guys!
up until yesterday, whenever I played music the background would turn into the album artwork but it just stays as a black screen.
Excellent app, works perfectly in giving a very clean, consistent, minimal lock screen. Just one tiny issue, lock screen gets disabled altogether after an alarm. Please fix. Nevertheless, still deserves 5 stars.
Minimalism perfection. Plus the addition of widgets, AcDisplay is the only lock-screen I care to use.  Bug: After changing settings or restarting my phone, AcDisplay will either take 3-5 seconds to show up, revealing my home screen first, or simply not come on at all. It fixes with turning it off and back on, but obviously this is annoying.
It was my favorite lock screen since years but recent updates are making the app work abnormally. The phone keeps waking up every one or two seconds after locking when there is a app notification of any kind in the status bar left un-attended i.e be it a unread message or a pop up notification from apps. I have deactivated active mode but no luck. I hope the issue gets resolved soon.
Only problem I am facing it while using on MY note 5 with 6.0.1 is that some times it rides over finger print scanner and I need to unlock it using password. Please fix this.
I don't know if the problem is with my phone.. But the wave gesture is not working on my device.. I mean, it works at the first try.. But then after that, it's not working anymore.. Pls fix this. Thanks 😁.. BTW, cool app bro 👍👍
I used it for a while and it was very helpful but now it's integrated inside my oneplus 2 and I wanted to uninstall it but I can't.  Coz I can not remove it from device administration.  Everytime I touch the tick.  It takes me back to settings and I can do nothing about it..  So this app is permanently stuck on my phone
Says Settings has stopped each time I try to set a widget. Why? Would like temperature/weather when I tap on.
The app is fine however it has a lot of bugs. The biggest dissapointed is that I can't uninstall it. It has access to device administration and when I am trying to remove it from device administrators Settings app crashes all the time.
really awesome. near perfect. the only thing that bothers me is the notification that can't sync with the one from the system (stays on lockscreen when I have dismissed it on notification bar) . is it possible to do it in 4.2.2 or it need at least 4.3?
I love this lockscreen! Pity that it dismisses when I press the home button, which defeats the purpose of a lockscreen. But the design is as beautiful as it is simple! And I love that it wakes up when I open the lid of my case, just to get a glimpse.
Love this app however just lately it's started going to the lockscreen everytime there is a notification regardless of if I'm in the middle of doing something. Very annoying
Doesn't work reliably with my GS7 edge. I wanted to turn off AOD and use this but it doesn't have an always on mode. Please consider adding
it always respond even if it is not as accurate as Motorola but it still works and its free too so a worth of download and will rate it
What is this crap..i am unable to use in my phone and there no any option for delete. Kindly help me to delete .
I really like this app because my phone doesn't tell me notifications from the lock screen. However it's very annoying that it says acdisplay services in the notifications all the time
The app workers flawlessly for the past many months that I have been using it,, but nowadays don't know why but the app keeps crashing... AcDisplay is not responding??? EDIT : The error was with my phone and other apps were crashing as well... The error was that i had a virus downloaded accidentally that slowed the entire device and made other apps to crash...
Looks great, works like it should.  I use MightyText as my text messenger and the screen won't stay off when I have an unread text.  I press the power button, it turns off, a few seconds later it wakes back up.  Disabled.  Samsung Note 3, Verizon.
Best lock screen out there. Its simple and looks good.. but please add a security feature. I'm pretty sure if u add a lot of people will appreciate it
In my nexus5 keeps blinking like a night on a discotheque when I get a new notification,  no lockscreen and no active mode ON but anyways gets the blinking when notified. But when it works is a beatiful app.
I reported this bug 2 months or so ago and no one responded to the bug report. Ac display interferes with keyboards, and it is replicated easily. When the device is put to sleep or the screen times out while in an active text box (tested mainly with hangouts, but it happened while typing this review), the keyboard will not input text when you wake the device up. You have to back out of the message for it to work again. This was tested on a nexus 6, multiple roms, Google kb and SwiftKey
This app is great however I use musixmatch as my default music player but the media buttons on the lockscreen won't respond so I'm guessing Acdisplay doesn't support it, please fix that up.
Its decent, if you have notifications to the point where it is on the bottom row just unlock you're phone because there is no way to dismiss those notifications. Along with that if you play music the lockscreen will all of a sudden dissapear. Although you can solve the problem by opening the app, it's pretty stupid to always have to open the app when I'm listening to music.
It dosent turn on when i pick up my phone from the table or just when i lift it up a bit.. its just not responsive but works fine of i took it out of my pocket. Whats the reason?
I can't seem to select a wallpaper different from my home screen for my lock screen. Also I can't have multiple widgets set up? So I have to choose either a clock or weather or Play Music? Doesn't give the freedom I want from a lock screen app.
Turning the screen on and off in recurrence and being able to choose the intervals. This would be a feature to make screen flash apps for phones with no LEDs redundant. otherwise, the functionality and features are very good.
On LGG4 w/Lollipop 5.1.   It has a lot of potential.  Like others, I've found several bugs that compromise security. I am sure developer will update soon.  One recommendation: it would be great if the lockscreen option would actually lock phone after a set lock timer, then a numerical code, pattern code or tap code (LG G4) could be used to unlock after swiping the AcDisplay screen. For periods of time under the lock timer, the screen would simply timeout and as usual and user would be able to wake the phone by swiping on the AcDisplay screen.
It does not seem to work on Moto x Pure even though I have the sensors.                                     Edit: It does work with my phone but you must hit it for it to actually turn on. So it can be fixed
Ac display services is just stuck in my notifications. Can't go away. Can't seem to find a way to clear it. Do something about it asap. Otherwise I'm uninstalling this app. Drains battery quickly too
Hate why you dont make a lock screen to open not just a notification, please it will make this app the perfect app on play store. Make compatible with a fingerprint scaner to unlock the phone
This app is really awesome. I love it. But it's got some flaws like: it's got some lag in animations while unlocking. And it freezes at times while trying to open. Otherwise great app. You guys are awesome!
I was bored of my samsung lockscreen. Now this is something new which works without any issues.
works fine... but if the display turns on when  i have a balance msg or any popup msgs in background, the ac display lock screen starts to flicker like it has gone mad. thats the only issue with this app. I have been waiting for a fix for so long but devs are so reluctant about this issue. so i m giving only 3 stars. And add support for Music match player
Like what the title of my review says. It's PERFECT. One suggestion though: could you make the clock larger when music is being played? Thanks for such a great lock screen!
Having problem to set as default lock screen when password/pattern enabled.  Can you make it password enable so that we can disable system lock screen.  In MI-Redmi 4 faced issue.
Its like a damn virus. It was fine when I first downloaded it, just didn't like the look of it. But now I can't remove it no matter what I do.
I like the app it's just that when i reboot my phone it takes a few seconds before the lockscreen appears if it can be faster i will rate 5 stars no doubt about it.
The active mode isn't working, I enabled it and when I turn my phone over, the screen isn't turning on
The app is great, I admit it. Serving as a lock screen, you can't let those slick animations and cohesive design go without a pass. But behind its looks, it has its flaws. Please, Artem, PLEASE give AC Display the option to set a passcode lock, and also the option to set a custom wallpaper (black or home screen wallpaper gets a bit boring..)
It doesnot work properly un my phone samsung j1. It doesnot wake on  waving... and crashe stops report shows much time....notification doesnot  show... how plz solve all this problems
The only bad thing about it is when I turn my screen on it stays on for five seconds don't know how to change that and should give the option to set a picture on your back round
When data connection is turned on In a dual sim phone, it turns on the first sim data without asking. Give an option for sim selection for data connection.
I've been using it for years and it's just great. Simple, beautiful and functional. The app is awesome but a couple of months ago started doing weird things, notifications dissappear even if I don't open them, the music widget doesn't work as it should, after I unlock the screen 2 or 3 times it stops working. These problems are really annoying and it was working great before. Please fix it, I would love to keep using this app. I'm using a Xiaomi MI 3.
App does not work on LG LEON LTE  which defeats the purpose of this app. uninstalling if i can somehow i can not access  DEACTIVATE thing.
great, simple interface -- but could you please add the option for notifications to stay on screen as long as a user wants?? that's the ONLY flaw I could find with this app.
Everytime I use it as lockscreen replacement it powers off my phone. I have tried everything possible. Turned off xpose module etc.  But still no way.  I really want to use this app as my lockscreen.
It works really well but it does have bugs. When you a view a notification from the lockscreen sometimes it completely bypasses the lockscreen which is a serious security flaw for the phone. If that was fixed this would be a great app!!
It makes a lot of problems in my smartphone .. you can’t uninstall it from your device .. it's like parasites .. it will become one of your device administrators .. and above all it has access and permission to steal all data on your device and to read all of your notifications   ..   Please BE aware and careful .. It is a harmful app .. Don’t use ..
Works as advertised. Very few bugs. Seems stable and useful. I hate how if I have an app open, ACDisplay will close it, and I'll have to manually go back into it every time I open my phone up. The feature that allows me to go directly into a notification doesn't work, but that's not a big deal. The design and amount of options are what make this app worth having.
I came uninstall this. It won't let me and it's taking over my phone!
Overall great app. On my Samsung Note 3, after upgrading to Android 5.0, giving problems when I plug in earphones and using the note function.
Your app is the best. The music player pause and play works fine for most music players except Gaana app. When i pause the music it stops and notification is dismissed. I use this one so may be you could work a little with it.
The sensor doesn't sense the wave signals at the very first instant.!  It takes time to detect and it's no use of using that feature if this problem remains.!
This is a great app. Really good. I have been using this app for a long time now. But recently it is frequently crashing. I don't know. Lockscreen does not light up. It just says app is not responding.  Please see to this issue.
It's cool, but I need some help, I'm using asus zenfone5, I'm not quite understand how to replace the lock screen display system with acdisplay lockscreen., because I already following the instruction and it's still not working., The second problem is, it will "Locked" with Acdisplay whenever a new notification come up. So I had no choice to disable it, and just waiting till it fixed. I know it's still beta, and I will look forward when you fix it, thank you in advance., p.s.: Maybe it just me that missing some step but I don't know. Need help.
I like the lockscreen, its simple and beautiful. But need to fix the home button because its easily to unlock just by pressing the home button. Kinda useless lockscreen because of this bug. Fix it and I will rate 5 star.
I had issues on Android 6. It seem the lock screen appear everytime I received notification. Anyone can help me? I really love this app 😭
I double tap the home button and my screen unlocks? Is there anyway to disable that? Kinda makes the security feature pointless. Anyway I can just set it to swipe to unlock only?
Ive been using ac display on my OPO for over a year and have had no major issues. Currently running it on a s7 edge and have noticed a reoccurring issue. After my alarms trigger and go off, ac display does not function properly on the lockscreen. It no longer appears on my lockscreen. So far the only solution for me has been to either restart the device or toggle the on/off button in the ac display app settings. Please advise if anyone has insight, thanks!
I believe this is still in beta, so minor issues are to be expected. Lately, my phone has been unlocking itself when numerous notifications come in rapidly. It's not a huge deal, but it's kind of odd. There's also a bug where my notifications will break my lock screen when I click on them. The whole screen turns black, but after unlocking and re-locking, it's totally fine. Neither happen all the time, but often enough to where I kind of expect one or the other.
I used this app a long time ago on my LG G2 back in the day, but I re-downloaded it for my Note 4 which is running Marshmallow - and, while I like it's use for Active Display, I believe it needs to be updated with more sensitive sensor recognition so that if I reach for my phone or pick it up to look at it, it responds by waking the display. I also want to see an update for fingerprint recognition to unlock the lockscreen because it defeats the purpose of having two lockscreens active to enter homescreen.
As much as I love this app I can't give it 5 stars unless there's a password feature added. I want to make this my default lock screen but it leaves my phone vulnerable
It lacks UI customization, like resizing the clock size or adding circle border on notification and options to remove time details (day,month, etc).. It also missed proximity sensor sensitivity adjust
Runs nicely on my s6 edge and makes notifications easily accessible when I'm on my desk and also has a great design. Just on thing I'd love to see is an always on option for when your phone is charging. Keep up the great work
Best lock screen replacer I have tested, and I've test a whole lot. Works right every time you turn the display on. Thanks, I hate Samsung's lock screen!
No issues notifications work excellent minimalistic design. and works as advertised keep up the good work thank you. Update. digging the new update only wish i could place more than 1 widget
It's super great I especially love I can pull my phone outta my pocket and see my notifications. It would be so much greater if I could see all my notifications though, I don't see my messenger notifications nor my Snapchats which is really annoying seeing as those are my main notifications. Would give five as soon as this is fixed.
How do I deactivate and uninstall this piece of crap app.  Never have I had an app hijack my phone.  Unbelievable.
Would it be possible to disable it when on home Wi-Fi and there are no notifications to be shown? Also, the lock screen time out should have an override as for now it interferes with apps that run on top of acdisplay (most noteworthy is the Note 5's screen write app).
App creator abandoned the app! There hasn't been any updates in years and it needs a home button locking option. Like the way it works, but I'm not going to use something time developer doesn't update anymore. No response to email either.
Just two quick things.  First i would suggest a pin code for the lock screen,  and secondly,  the app is draining my battery like nothing else.  But great app,  i am loving it.  Cheers
Thought I was going crazy until I read the reviews about no security. I like the idea but the purpose of a lock screen is for your phone to be locked so that no one can slide to unlock. Great idea but not fully executed.
Media widget is not working anymore for me.. Cant pause/backward/forward music unless unlocking and go into app which is boring... When fixed... Going straight for 5*
I used this all the time with KitKat and had no reservations at all. When I upgraded to Lollipop though, I've run into a lot of problems. It will no longer let me drag down the notification shade on lock screen anymore which is really irritating as well as it often just doesn't launch. Sometimes the screen will constantly turn itself on if there's a notification sitting there. Screen will time out and then pop back on eternally until you dismiss it. Unfortunate that this isn't as good on the new OS. :(
It would be better if there was an option to choose my own wallpaper. This app is great but that one drawback is keeping me from using it! Please do consuder adding an option to use a custom wallpaper!
really cool. Stable and clear. Extremely outstanding! This is the first app that can entirely replace the system lockscreen using xposed module. I loooooooove it.
Yeah... Woke up an hour late because it kept shutting my alarm off Snoozing it.
no security features, you have to use the phones own lockscreen which will require you to unlock the device twice. please consider adding even just pin and pattern, this will allow us to keep the phone private among friends even if it is not really secure(I read the faqs my phone does not allow pins only, it comes with the default lockscreen my phone will have 2 lockscreens when i enable it)
I like it so far but would love to be able to arrange widget, move it somewhere. And also I hated the dark tint when using custom wallpaper. It looks the same like the stock Android.... The screen is turned off a couple seconds after pressing power button. Setting sleep (more &gt; sleep) doesn't help
Good app..  But older notifications which are read out earlier, reappear on the lock screen. And disappear only after clearing it.. Which is very annoying.. Please fix it.. Otherwise very good app.. Waiting for reply
Its amazing I gotta admit but its pretty inconvenient when I have to unlock this plus my previous lock screen with the pattern lock in it. So my proposal is that you should add a lock-type to the app so that we can choose what method of lock we can use to lock our phones instead of just having one way to unlock it but overall the app itself and the display is amazing and I totally recommend it 5/5
I REALLY like it. The only problem it has is it has no passcode. That is a deal breaker for me. If it gets one then I'll give it 5 stars. Great lockscreen otherwise though!
Love the app, super clean and lightweight! BUT.. Spotify music controls don't work on the lockscreen at all. Please fix this, then 5 stars!
I like this app alot but everytime i use it i am disappointed firstly the app acts as a cover and not as a lockscreen replacement if u press the home button the app is gone nd second reason is that it whenever i get a phone call the details are not visible i have to press the lock button lo see the details... Please look into these matters as quick as possible so that j can switch back to the app
The inability to choose a different wallpaper for the lock screen is hurting this app. Your choice of wallpaper is the same for lock screen and home screen.
I love this app and enjoy using it, but every time I try to turn on the screen I'll hit the button and it'll take a couple seconds to come up. Used to not have the problem but I do now and it is incredibly annoying.
Keeps disabling notification permission, so I am constantly having to read activate it. Fix that and it will be a great lock screen.
It has pause and change of song but not stability once only it visible and if screen off and after on invisible. Lockscreen and active mode should both in same option and in notification tray it should be invisible. I don't like it  Using More Ram and Battery fix it and not stabile some times. Gestures should have access to use phone apps.it can be easily bypassed by pressing minimize button,home button, accidentally touch or pressing of any button fix it, R u work r not no update for your app I hate u...!!
This app is awesome, flawless marks, except it lacks the ability to lock. If you feel no need for a lock, then dive right into this minimalistic app. I wish there was a way to set a PIN or Pattern lock, or maybe some other, custom type of security.
Absolutely love almost everything about it.  Only thing that I would like changed is for the lockscreen to not disable when the phone does actions while the screen is off(such as the music player starting or receiving a phone call).
The best lockscreen tested so far, and will continue to use in future. just the option to swipe from bottom corner kinda conflicts with soft keys. Will there be update with custom clock widgets or app in built widgets?!  ;)
I installed AC Display Note 5 and it worked some of the time.  I changed my theme from default to Material and now ACDisplay works perfectly.  Frustration has ended!
Great app, works great on my redmi 4... installed this app cos, my fone  doesn't hv a multi-colored notification light... still got a few bugs  though...
When I go to device administrator to deactivate it crashes my settings. I can easily deactivate any other app. But as soon as I hit the switch of this app it crashes instantly . HELP
I tried using this as a lock screen, but it had some problems. You can't set a separate wallpaper for it. You can't set custom shortcuts for unlock areas that aren't just dialer/camera (what about SMS? or a custom activity?). It doesn't seem to block the home button if you have your system lock screen disabled. If you *don't* disable your system lock screen, it takes about 5 seconds for AC display to appear when you wake up your phone. It doesn't report widget size to widgets, so many can't work properly.
I tried to give the timeout policy permissions but the app keeps crashing the settings. So bummed. Favorite app for sure.
The only thing that doesn't work are the controls for the music player. I don't know if it's because I use poweramp or it's a setting in poweramp. Other than that, it's perfect
It looks so beautiful that I can't explain but it miss the one thing that is being a lock screen. Sadly it doesn't have a lock.....
That app is great, really. But the fact that does not have PIN lock is not so good, because does not have security at all. 5 star when you put this option! Great job!!
If I lock and unlock my phone quickly acdisplay lags and then works when I'm already on my home screen. Other than that it's been a beautiful app but this is very annoying
Remove the ac in the notification bar its useless... And improve that lock screen, i always have to turn it on and off because it stop working... Other than that, awesome! 5 stars when fixed!
The issues I'm having on my note 5 is tht it's not working when I take it out of my pocket. Im also having a issue when I charge my phone it gets all glitchy.
I'm loving it.  But there is an issue. When i get a call my display remains off it i use its lookscreen. This lock screen is awesome. Just fix this issue. Then i will give u 5stars. I'm running 5.0.2
Plz fix error with music playback on lock screen.... It sometimes lag when i tap power button quickly it shows home screen first then lock screen this is bad thing
Great for notifications and saving battery. Gives you the ability to tap and wake up your phone. Integrated seamlessly with the knock code system of my lg g2. Smooth ui and simple configuration.
I love the app.  It's super sleek and nice.  But ever since my phone updated to marshmallow it's stopped working. Hope it comes back soon
Great app! Very simple and elegant. Yet this is a problem when it comes to the lock screen feature. I would really like a pattern to be implemented instead of a simple swipe to unlock. Besides this, i really love it.
I know that hey won't support security mechanics since "it can only be done badly". However: I won't use the native samsung lock screen and the AcDisplay app just because I don't want someone to just unlock my phone if it's lying on the table for example. Therefore not an option to add unnecessary swipes/clicks and lockscreen above lockscreen...
This lockscreen works nicely and looks great but the only downside is when im on the locksrcreen and press the home button my phone will unlock and go to the homescreen so it defeats the purpose of being able to swipe to unlock:/ Please look into this problem otherwise the locksreen is nice:)
Please take care of the messages that flicker,ones that give balance information and other similar information. It looks dirty on ac display. I will give 5 star for fix
I can't active the app .... It requires some permission. Already give administrator permission but it won't works..
Once alarm rings this locker stops working. Goes back to default phone locker. Got to disable and re-enable aclocker. Do fix this bug, much appreciated.
I would really like if I could see the time of alarm (and icon) when I set alarm below main clock and date. Also I can not set image as wallpaper on lock screen different from the image on home screen.
This didn't work well on my old G4 I now have a Nexus 6p and this app works fairly well on it except for the fact the developer has not included any finger print recognition into the app. So therefore I have to still enter my phone's pin instead of using my finger print scanner it's kind of frustrating.
Sometimes it takes a few seconds to unlock but it's seems to be better on the battery than some other lockscreens I've used.
This app use to work. Sadly the creator has not made any updates for over two years.
It's clean and minimalistic, beautiful. But unfortunately, it is missing a lot of functionality. The media controls rarely work, wave to turn on is broken, and there is no option to enable quick settings on the lockscreen. Please fix! It's the best lockscreen out there!
There's no way to stop it from unlocking when the home  button is double tapped. Also it crashes when I try to add widgets
The best minimal locksceen with great method of displaying notifications. Only bug is sometimes 1st thing in the morning it doesn't work. Have to go into the settings and reset the locksceen switch.
Recently with the last update, not sure if it is Spotify or this app, the lockscreen won't let the media buttons work with Spotify, with any other music app it works but the buttons are unclickable for Spotify it is also extremely laggy with other music players
I really loved this app. It solves a lot of problem which I never knew I had.  I just have a feature request: Can we have less brightness when using it in active mode?
AcDisplay brings the Active Display mode from Moto devices in a free open source app. The basic feature of this app allows the device's screen to turn when a notification appears and to quickly and easily interact with the notifications. There are 2 other options as well, making this app serve as a lock screen and/or turn on the screen based on device sensors. The overall design is very much minimalistic with a great looking design, and there are also plenty of settings to customize to fit your liking. AcDisplay is great for those wanting to view notifications quickly with a minimal and usable design.
I love this app. But I woluld really like to have the freedom to choose a different  wallpaper for my lockscreen rather than the same of my home screen . It limits the app by not providing the option to choose wallpapers of my own .please update the app with this function I really don't wanna uninstall the app. Please consider this .. Thanks and hail the developers.
When I get a call, screen doesn't show caller details. I've to manually press power button to actually see who's calling. This is a major issue needs to be attended immediately.
Except, doesn't work well with Meizu. The wallpaper gets blurred right after wake up. Can you fix that please?
Doesn't unninstall, deactivating Device Admin manually doesn't work. The Help Menu on the app doesn't remove admin and doesn't unninstall either. Ridiculous really.
I know this application is all really about handling notifications and the lock screen is more of a side feature, but that's how I use it. The interface is very clean and simple but can also be customized with widgets. Corners can be assigned for phone or camera. It'd be nice to be able to launch any program. I love that you can interact with the normal android notification pull down while the screen is locked, to toggle the ringer or wifi. Memory usage is good, CPU is nil. Great job!
Geat app runs beautifully on my S5 mini. Only one complaint is that there isn't an option to put a password. I the coulc please be out in place that would be awsome.
Great clean nice lockscreen. what's stopping me from using is that the time is always slower den my system time.. hope there'll be some changes to clear off this issue in the next update..
How do I uninstall this.. tried to deactivate it but it has more control of my phone than I do. I'm not the same level of admin as this app so I can't deactivate it or unistall..
Nice design and concept. Unfortunately on my Nexus 6P with 6.0 it doesn't work as a lock screen. The device still goes to the native/stock lock screen after getting past AcDisplay lock screen. Can anything be done about this?
Yah I know the developer wouldn't add security but that's what's missing
I can not delete even after unchecked in settings. I have tried everthing... complete junk
I love the minimalistic look and the fact you can add your own widgets.  This is possibly the best lockscreen app I have used but please can you add the feature to use a different wallpaper to the homescreen. Also, can you remove the dark filter on the lockscreen. If you could do this it would be an instant 5 stars!!!  Thanks
Let me unlock my phone using my fingerprint and a 5 star is what you get! I enjoy pressing on notifications from the lock screen to read them, but when I want to open/reply I can only unlock my phone using a pattern/pin. After using the fingerprint scanner for so long it's kind of a step back.
Doesn't seem to work well with fingerprint sensors as it has basically rendered mine useless to unlock the phone with this app active.   Also, doesn't seem to wake very well after movement over the proximity sensor, and doesn't seem to have any settings to adjust the sensitivity, like I've seen similar apps do, defeating the purpose of this app.
Was working fine on 4.4.4 but when upgraded on 5.1, one whatsapp notification is constantly being repeated many times. Uninstalled till a solution is found
I have never liked that unlock style. At least can you add fully transparent color selection? Beside that this is a good  minimalistic lockscreen.
The application itself is really neat, it's exactly what i wanted, sadly the rating will be low due to it's not replacing the lockscreen, it's adding on top of it, which means i can't simply use my fingerscanner to go into the device immediately.  The idea is 10/10 it's exactly what makes Android much better, hopefully this can be sorted.
The app is awesome, only issue is it conflicts with fingerprint!! Everyone my note 5 asks for  password and deactivates fingerprint unlock mode. Please fix I had to disable acdisplay until it is fixed. Thanks
This is a great lock screen, with minimalism at its best. A lockscreen is the only thing that makes it not perfect. Additionally having no lockscreen takes away the name lockscreen.
Looks great, every once in a while it'll glitch slightly but no big deal. When you press the home button it'll exit the app and take you to the stock lock screen, not a terrible feature but it should be able to turn on/off.
It didn't do anything and now it won't uninstall! When I try to deactivate it, first, it only tells me I have to deactivate it before I can uninstall it. But that's what I'm trying to do!
The lockscreen mode doesn't have any security pattern built in... So it is just not possible to use this app as is as it doesn't perform the basic function it should.
fingerprint sensor doesn't seem to work when applied as a lockscreen. Using redmi note 3
It's an awesome alternative for those of us who are missing the "active display" from Motorola devices and certain custom ROMs. I'm giving 4 stars because it seems to mess with my notification light. I hope dev can suggest a solution. Either way, great job! Thanks!
The app is great besides the occasional wierd text truncation bug, but I'll have to uninstall it because Android 6 does not let you use your fingerprint to unlock the phone if an app turns off the screen. I really like this app, but I like being able to secure my device and unlock it with my fingerprint
Ive enabled privacy settings but it doesn't hide name/picture of the SMS sender & also the name/picture of messenges received on Facebook messenger are displayed.
I really like this app and I've been looking for a nice simple look screen for a while now. However, there are some things I don't like. I don't like how the lock screen wallpaper must be the same as the home screen wallpaper. I also don't like how it seems to dim the wallpaper.
Doesn't work. Installed and turned on. Still have existing lock screen with no way to disable it. Gave up.
Has been a great app but recently it started glitching. It will keep  re-waking up my phone even though I've already re-locked my screen. It used  to stay dark after waking the screen just once, even if there was an unread  notification remaining. 5 star app otherwise
I like it a lot except it keeps having a notification in my slide down notifs saying "just dismiss this notification" it comes back dozens of times a day even after I dismiss it. AND it always says "blah blah to exit full screen" very annoying.
It's so productive, minimal and just save  battery. I just want you guys to add one thing... Fingerprint compatibility with the S6. So it has security
On ZenFone 4, loving it... just one thing irritates: constant notification of AcDisplay services... remove that and it can be simply the best!
It was crashing frequently, so I thought I would uninstall it. Only it wouldn't uninstall. I like the design and function I just want it to work. And I'd also like to be able to uninstall it. Have the Samsung s4
Contact photos in Google Messenger not displayed, among other apps. Great design though. Will remain on my lock screen in hopes more apps get support
Provides just the right notifications in an alluringly bare lockscreen, free of the usual clutter. An update adding some security features (PIN, Password, Pattern, etc.) and I would rate it a perfect Five Star.
The only issue I have discovered is the "AcDisplay services" in the notification shade, it bugs me everytime and it also non-removable, if you have an option to hide that from there, it will be great for a 5-star. Overall, its really good. I highly recommend it if your lockscreen is crap and you want something more like Material Design, but of course, there will be issues that bring down the good things, but if the good things are really good until you forget about the flaws, 4 stars will be rated.
I used this app for a long time on my Asus Zenfone 5. About 1 month ago, mostly right after unlocking the screen and sometimes randomly, the display tilts/shifts with an absurd angle and goes grayscale and then shortly after phone freezes, makes me do a hard reset. I thought it was a phone problem because I hadn't installed a new app. But then I thought maybe it's about this app, because it happened mostly after unlocking. So i disabled it and the problem solved. Hope this gets fixed. Cheers
when i turn off the data and got popup about data usage then screen blinks btw that popup nd ac lockscreen im using cm12.1 5.1.1 plz fix this otherwise its awesome
How do I uninstall this? Keeps crashing to stop me uninstalling. Going to have to wipe whole phone just to get rid of this one app, as when I try to remove device permission it keeps crashing.  I'm hoping it's just badly written rather than malware.
Great app. Perfect to simulate Motorola's screen. However, please fix these two bugs: (I don't know on other phones), but LG phones, when displaying low battery message, AC Display and the notification blink until you dismiss the notification. It is really annoying, because you are stuck in a screen that flashes between AC Display, and Low Bat. notification. And secondly, it shows WhatsApp messages, but then it clears them. And it doesn't warm you with any sound (like if disabling notification sounds). This is not only in WhatsApp. Please fix. I think AC Display is utilizing a big chunk of background memory; if that can be reduced, it will help, a lot.
I love the way it looks, but it mutes all my notifications no matter what I do. Very annoying.
I have used ac display since the first day I used my one plus handset. Love the whole concept and the way it works but totally gutted that apple music does not work on the lock screen. For that reason 4* but if this issue is fixed then 5* everyday!!! Please fix this issue!!!!
This app is so useful, I don't know how I lived without it before I used it. I can easily just see all my notifications without unlocking my screen with its minimalistic design.
Does the job pretty well. One thing I would like is an option to switch screen on when you pick up the phone.
It was nice but sometimes when I get notifications it's just a black screen. Also some notifications don't show properly (show garbage data or just "x new notifications"
Sumtyms apps doesn't work...it has alot of bugs.... No update 4 a long time..... Stil it has bugs... Fix it soon.....
This is the display for a lock screen I have dreamed of. It sucks that you can't use a password or any type of security on it but the app does a nice job explaining why so I understand and it does not make me love the app less. Great work.
The active notifications are simply ingenious. Touch the icon and you can preview the notification. It works with every app I receive notifications on. (Facebook, my texting app, WhatsApp) I love that I can pull my phone out of my Otterbox and the screen wakes up. Also, it'll wake the screen up if I lift my phone off of the table. The sweetest feature to AC Display is the widget integration. I like customizing my phone and being I can use KWGT to make a custom lockscreen it solves my custom needs.
This app would be perfect If it didn't need so many permissions to function. All of the customizations are locked untill you give in. Not cool
Pretty great lock screen replacement. The only thing that I wish would be on it is the capability to auto restart if the process bugs out due to memory problems.
This is my favorite lock screen app but recently when I unlock it will lock it again or it will lock it without me pressing the power button. Please help.
I missed the lockscreen widget since I upgraded to Lollipop 5.0 as they replace widget with ugly notifications view. I use AC Display to able to view widget in this lock screen and it's great.
I love it but since I installed it I have no more notification when I pulled  down the notification bar. I have notifications but i cannot see them. Any idea on how to fix that please? thank you
It's a great app and I've been using for a few days now, but sadly, whatsapp stopped working. Please fix it. And also make it keep blinking the screen, and not only turn the screen on once.
Great for accessing notifications at a glance. Especially useful for phones with no notification lights such as the J5; you can wave over ths proximity sensor to get a quick overview of received notices.
Although this app was originally brilliant, it has become obsolete. No update in two years, developer email bounces, incompatible with android updates related to fingerprint recognition. It it's too bad really.
Very clean simple, & elegant lockscreen. I hope this continues to progress! One request, making the display area movable would be great, i use a LG smart circle case, & this over rides its function.. Everything fits fine, if i could just move it to the right spot, thank you & keep up the good work
Softkeys show up on htc one m8 while swiping from bottom left or right. Few bugs here and there but great concept
Can you guys add like a clear all notifications button or gesture because sometimes the screen gets crowded from all the unread notifications.
Because amoled doesn't use back light, setting the background to black with this lock screen will save battery life. The contrast also looks nice.
The only issue nowadays is that dynamic backgrounds isn't working properly. No art for any notifications is working including music. Please fix as it is one of the things I love the most about AC display
When i set my swipe options to camera and dialer i cant see them on the black blackround...they still work when i swipe up on the lock screen but can u fix this so that you can see the camera and dialer against the black backround...five stars shall be given. Thanks
Although i loved the app as it is the most simplistic lockscreen but please fix two things. First the notification of active mode in the notification panel which is highly irritating and please, please add your custom pattern lock it would be perfect then.
Nice but i would love my own background. And another issue is that there is no security features like a pattern unlock. Other than that really good work
Nice design but no pin or pattern options. It says in the app that it ist impossible to implement a real security but my friends won't know how to by pass this anyway...
It was working fine full some time back, but now I can't view the notifications on my lock screen. Don't know what's the issue. Please help
I believe the app has great potential, however on Android M with finger sensor, the Google lockscreen often requires a pin following the finger sensor read with AcDisplay with Active Mode enabled. It would be great to use the finger sensor with the AcDisplay and bypass the default lockscreen altogether from Active Mode. Visually, AcDisplay is a beauty and has some really nice functionality, however performance is unstable and the integration with the OS is not great.
This lockscreen replacer is probably the best one on the play store regarding design. The flat, slightly material design look of it gives it an android feel, since most others focus on ios designs. However... The only problem I can find with this lockscreen is how annoying it is to interact with music when having my phone locked. Sometimes the play/pause icon doesn't change when clicked and everything is really slugish, takes a while to react when pausing/playing. I would really like to see this fixed.
i dont like lockscreen replacements... for this one, i dont see any slightest problem so far :)
It seems to interfere with OnePlus' native "black screen with white time and notifications" this one just does it better, but I don't know how to disable OnePlus' native one. As of yet.
This app is actually better than Motorola's native implementation. Unfortunately, I can't get active mode to work on my Droid Turbo 2.
When a call comes in, the phone does not wake up from lookscreen, thus it's impossible to know who is calling.  also, any reason why the last update was in july 2015. the developer abandoned this app??
This was a blessing in disguise!   After trying so many other lockscreen replacement apps for my Lg G4 with recent updates and not being satisfied at all, this app is so simple and beautiful and does exactly what I was looking for.    Simple swipe lockscreen with clean notification icons.   Thank you!
All it does is slows down my phone and I can't delete it ever since I got this app my phone has ran 10x slower and that will never change now
It's a great program I like the fact you can use live wallpaper but would prefer to be able to use a live wallpaper or even animated gif images as the lock screen background separate from the wallpaper. Other than that great app. One thing I haven't found is to enable a security function to securely lock your phone.
I used to use this app all the time, but the media widget stopped working. I researched it and it seems to be a problem many are having, but I haven't seen any updates to fix it. Will change my review once it's fixed.
A little buggy. When you lock and then press the power button to show the lock screen, it seems to blink a little or lag behind the stock lock screen. Otherwise, I love the features of this app.
Bcoz this app uses sensors to detect whether the phone in pocket or not. It drains a lot of battery. Also no security.
Although it looks cool, there is no security. Even more annoyingly is you can't uninstall it after you downloaded!! You then become stuck with it!
Nexus fingerprint doesn't work with this app, was a huge inconvenience. Hence uninstalled. Otherwise I loved the app. A sleek interface for those who mean business.
If somehow the screen gets locked with notification panel being expanded,then it still remains expanded  over the lock screen when I turn on the screen.
I really like it, but there's a delay on the lockscreen function that makes the lockscreen visible only around 5 seconds after the phone locks. That delay really puts off the whole "immersive" feeling you want out of an app like this.
Please please please show me how to use this app without using it as a lockscreen. I'd like to only receive notifications but still use home/power button to leave to my original lockscreen. This is all I really do need so please consider. Thank you
Sometimes it doesnt work like its not even installed! I dont know why this is happening coz I didn't greenified it or something. Amazing app anyways. Better than ambient display 🙂😉
The app is not leaving administrative permission as i want to uninstall the app but as soon as I click on uncheck box it force stops my settings and restarts the UI. Fix this issue as i want uninstall this bloody fake and irritating app.
This app is awesome! There are just a few things I want to be implemented  before I give 5 stars, let us set a custom wallpaper and add a security  lock feature. That would be great! Thanks!
Rubbish app. You cannot uninstall after installation. Be careful
After last update.. u made it so complicated... in some way more organised (divided some notifications in category) the app some times doesnt wrk... :-(
I loved it! I used to have a Motorola and it does all these things, now I changed the device and was missing this functionality. Just a hint: the waving movement over the screen is not activating it on Nexus 6P.
Pretty app, pretty function but locking is... well lame. Add a fingerprint see sorry and I'll use this permanently.
Just please add a lock functionality and make it an actual replacement lockscreen like other lock screen apps please 😍
This app keeps shutting down my phone once I set it down, fix this bug and I give it 5 stars it's really good, without that problem
It is awesome. But i am facing problem of unfortunately stopped while adding custom widget. :| Any solution?
I've been using this app on every phone I have gotten s3 mini z1 and z3+, and it has never failed and appreciate the developer keeping it ad free and no pro version with more features. I just wish there's an option to pick a wallpaper picture instead of just choosing a solid colour or the home screen wallpaper.
Can you add feature like moto display I.e screen lights up when we pick up the device or pick our device out of pocket
The screen never turns off completely after the device gets locked. It stays on indefinitely!
Amazing locksreen. Now you can add widgets so Zooper and etc look fantastic. No finger print support tho, have to use 2 locksreens or nothing at all. PLS ADD FINGERPRINT SUPPORT :D
Pretty great lockscreen replacement for AMOLED screens—especially on a Samsung (because their lockscreen is clunky garbage). There are just a few small changes that would make a WORLD of improvement, IMO, such as allowing more than one widget (there's plenty of space, why limit it?), allowing widgets to be wider (again, the space is there, why the limit?), being able to have widgets without overriding the stock clock, and being able to reposition the clock/widgets and maybe notification icons too. Also, custom apps/shortcut/actions for the corner gestures would be very useful too. No reason to limit those to phone and camera only. :P And lastly, an option to display ongoing notifications (maybe below the higher priority ones) would be nice too.
Not qorth downloading for note 5 users. Wake up seems to have problems have to wave carefully to wake up the device. God qhy would I want it. Now its sticking on to my phone not getting uninstalked as well. Guess i have to factory reset and lose all the app for this worthless app. Thank you for creation pain in my a**
Real battery draining. 50% from full charge in a few hours when phone was idle!
This app is pretty awesome. It really compliments the rest of my phone's minimal theme. I do wish it had the option to have a pin. I know the lock screen feature is in beta so that's why I'm giving this 5 stars. If the developer(s) added this feature in I would be very appreciative 😊
The app is good but there is no option to set a password on the screen luck. this will make the app perfect.
It was working very well... then it just stopped. i don't know if its a marshmellow problem but it just stopped. they way i was loving it.
Like the app but it's very annoying that it's making my phone ask for a pin instead of letting me use fingerprints. Also interferes with smart unlock. Uninstalled because of this.
This app is good yeah but it just lacks the ability to lock your phone, quite useless if you can't even lock your phone I mean what good is a lock screen if you can't even "lock" your phone right. Also the fonts, I hope that someday we can change the fonts
After I attend to a notification while my screen is awake and them i lock my screen and unlock it again, that notification still appears on the lockscreen. Plzz fix. Otherwise it is a wonderful and an elegant app.
To uninstall it i am suppose to deactivate it from device administrator. The moment i do that my settings app gets crashed!😓😑
...please add the ability to set a password or pattern.  Right now I have to use phones built in security which adds an additional step.
This app is awesome and all but there are some problems like lockscreen remove it from the status bar and add some security and sometimes the notification will stay there it won't close so I have to reboot and add music player option like notification and then it will be worth 5 star I would rate it 5 starssss
In love with this app .... It would be just amazing If it won't drain out too much battery and itd be crazy if this has a pattern lock (i really hope) and a custom wallpaper would be fab so ...can we see them ? This app basically deserves first place and the most downloaded app In the market under customisation!!!! Hopefully this app gets even more better with lots of cool stuff !!!!!, ,
Everytime a notification comes in when my screen is on, acdisplay keeps activating (i.e. the acdisplay lock screen shows up). Please fix this bug as the notifications come in when I perform urgent tasks. Thank you.  P.s. also, when I wave my hand over the proximity sensor even by accident while the screen is on, the app goes straight to the lockscreen. I'm genuinely "pissed" by this annoyance. My videos stop playing, my presentations screw up, all because the lockscreen activates.
Save your power button, no need to press power button or volume keys to wake device. Must have app. With frequent updates
It's a very good application but you must let us change the lock screen wallpaper.
Hello, love this app but could you please add raise to wake feature...  Ac display should pop-up when I raise the device....  I know it works when u take it out of the pocket but would be great if it works simply when u raise it like moto display does...  Thanks
I need to remove this app but it will not let me!  It won't even let me disable the entire app. I like the app but I am trouble shooting a microphone issue that happened shortly after installing this app. Please help!
works good on Samsung Galaxy s6 some icons are wrong like for inbox and gmail or built in text messenger which shows delivery report right icon, but shows facebook icon for built in text messager messages and don't show textra messenger icon or chomp I've tried but shows handsent , I haven't had others wrong yet but apart from that works well and not a battery drain hardly notice it's running and it hasn't crashed or randomly jumping on screen like some others I tried so just needs few more updates sorted.
Even though it is autostart enabled and all permissions are provided
Looks great and very minimalistic, I'm saving battery life due to just glancing at my phone for info.  Would pass the 5 stars if you could add the function to be able to scroll through notifications of the same type.  eg. 5 gmail notifications. Would like to read a preview of them all not just the latest one.
It brings up the "use fingerprint because security policy" thing sometimes. If you can get it to turn the screen off by root or something (or however you can fix this) 5 stars
This is cool because if you put your phone in your pocket and take it out it automatically turns it on which can be very convenient if you are waiting for someone to notify you for something. Also, when you turn on you phone you can see all notifications and choose whether to open them or dimiss them with ease.
Once I installed it it wouldn't let me unistall it so I am very angry about it, says I need an administrator to deactivate it, restarted my phone and still was on there, highly highly disappointed.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS APP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is an amazing lock screen, however the only thing I really want from this app is just to add a separate image as the background instead of just using the wallpaper. If that comes into an update, I'd gladly give it 5 stars.
It starts automatically with reboot.good.but lockscreen crashes sometime.bad.so I have to install picture password locker as secondary locker which also starts automatically after reboot.the combination of two is perfect for me.
everything else seems to be fine, but the music controls do not work anymore.   EDIT: are you guys going to create some type of security with this lock screen?
I'm not able to use the lockscreen feature.  It asks for usage stats permission.  But i dont know how to give that.
It's as good as it could be. But still not perfect. Screen don't light up during incoming WhatsApp calls & my fingerprint sensor don't work.
On my lg g3 it won't let it snooze. I woke up an hour later today because of it. I thought I might be wrong so I tested it again and it just won't let it snooze. Please fix
It looks amazing and this is why this bugs me so much, when you power on the phone, you see the lock screen and just a tap of the home button unlocks the app, it is very annoying and it should be a fixed lockscreen
Great app I'm so familiar with the motorola active notifications and since I switched phones this is the best alternative thanks! Wow there's even more features than I realized. Developers here deserve donation bravo! Custom widgets enabled.
I have been using it for past 2-3 years and its one of the essential apps for me. Sometimes my phone gets unlocked while in pocket, which is annoying but apart from that, everything is good.
No lock security system is available like pattern or PIN unlock..otherwise the app is pretty awesome!
I love it very much very smooth and elegant buuut, it dosent have a a security also it goes to my homepage if I press the home button whilst on the lock screen , but overall it is a great lock screen thanks you😊
The app just needs support to fingerprint sensors.. so it could be compatible with system lock.. for example  ( when i register my finger the app then unlocks giving the system lock the opportunity to unlock to.. it happens simultaneously. - like next lockscreen app- ) .. like your app alot keep it up.
I emailed you guys about this issue. Every time I try to remove this app as a device admin it crashes my settings. Please resolve this issue because it is putting a bad name on your app.
Active mode doesn't work most of the time...  Also there is delay in lockscreen even when it's set to no delay
Its all nice and stuff but where do I set the unlock pattern or pin? Like what if my phone gets stolen?
Almost perfect but a small problem. when acdisplay active and lock the screen again,it will flickering the screen then complete lock. My device is LG G4 on lollipop 5.1
I almost always have to unlock my phone twice... Very annoying
It is very good app but on my phone text messages notification are not showing on acdisplay.
This app/lockscreen is the best I've ever came across! It shows all relevant information & works flawlessly. I recommend it it any and everybody
This is the best option for those looking for Moto Display for non-moto devices. I'd gladly give 5 stars as I'm sure a lot of hard work goes into this app, but functionality seems diminished by my finger print security requirements. If I want to use Nexus Imprint then I am required to use a lock screen that employs added security PIN or pattern. Sometimes I'll unlock via the finger print scanner and it will open, but sometimes it'll only open to other lock screen and require my pattern to open. Thanks!
I've loved this app for a long time but the problem I've been having for a while the music controls don't work on my galaxy s4 with android 5.0.1 pleas fix ASAP
Only need to make it able to unlock directly with phones fingerprint scanner.  And secondly make the widget automatically float on the lock screen to avoid screen burn in on Amoled screens.
Although this app is great, but still it has some things that need to be fixed, like messages not opening the application. If this is fixed it will win hands down.
Really liked the overall simplicity of the lock screen. However, really want to see some security features such as an addition of a pin or else I'm stuck with 2 lock screens.
The app works fine, but I wanted to uninstall it and still cannot, as it clings to administrator privileges. Very disappointing.
I just wanted to give the developer(s) a round of applause 👏👏👏 This is one lock screen I will always keep (I've changed about 7-8 lock screens in the last couple of months). There are still a few details you can make like password or unlocking circle going transparent, but this is also a 5 star app. Ty
On Galaxy Note 5, having issues with it not coming active while screen is off. So essentially, it is doing absolutely nothing. :( it WAS working, now suddenly it doesnt.
does it drain battery? I need to know please...:(
It needs some more works in terms of bug fixes and workability, it's waking up by motion isn't working at all, after one wake up screen only for clock and notification check out in second trying the main system lockscreen will came up instead! There's new (I guess) feather in lollipop, trust agents, I think developers could use it to bypass main system lockscreen and uses app's own lockscreen by pin or patterns, Itll be awesome if so, Anyway it's a tremendous work but need deep improvement, Keep going!
I love the design but the app needs an option to pick its own wallpaper (not simply use the homescreen wallpaper). Also, would be nice for the app to have some security, preferably an option to swipe right or left (not to ruin the minamalistic design) and input a pin or pattern.
Love it a lot. No premium features, this makes the developer the best developer ever. Keep it up with the excellent work! Waiting for beautiful apps from you!
there is something really annoying! with my note 5 when I'm taking a screen-off memo it turns the screen off after the time set for inactivity!!!! and another thing.. I can't use the fingerprint directly through it.. i have to swipe first which very annoying!!!
The notification, when selected to be open, gets cropped on the sides for a moment. I think it's a animation incomplete when opening the notification.
...I've had the pleasure of using. Rivals the stock Android lockscreen in terms of clean and minimal looks, but i always come back to ACDisplay.
Whenever I try to unlock phone it asks for pattern instead of imprint . otherwise best app for amoled
The Nexus 6, while having an "active display" feature, does not come with the Motorola lock screen. AcDisplay is a great alternative for Nexus 6 users because it takes advantage of the AMOLED screen to only use the pixels it needs for your notifications. Great Job!
Its like i pull down the notification panel and i lock the phone...and when i unlock it the notification panel still stays as it is.... down on the lockscreen! Which actually negates the base of a lockscreen whatsoever!  Fix this issue anyhow!
Just what I needed. Nothing fancy but looks good and flashes up notifications on sleep mode screen so helps reduce chances of missing them. Recommended
Please guys... fix the bugs... I don't want to have this app... Can somebody tell me how to uninstall this app... because this app won't uninstall saying u have to deactivate first!!
Please consider adding two options - make the proximity sensor time shorter so i can basically wave over my phone for a second to see the time/notifications..  or allow always-on mode.. thank you, great work
It would be great if the music widget would not change the background wallpaper. Otherwise, flawless app.
Used to work before update.  Now the music player doesn't function.  Other than that,  perfect app!    Update: Music player works!  Super thrilled,  now keep on improving! (Maybe allow me to fast forward in a song) thank you!!
Hands down one of the best cleanest and simplest lock screens out there. But it needs a security option (ex. PIN unlock or PASSWORD). Hopefully that feature would be added in.
It freeze with doze, sometimes I have to restart the phone cause I can't unlock the device. I'm on CM13
Awesome app, would be better with "Okay Google" hotword detection EDIT: For those who dislike the constant notification, long press on it, click the little i, and set notifications to none :)
Please help keeps crashing won't let me remove
Very slick and working well so far.  Only gripe being that I can't get BBC Weather to show up on the lock screen.
The unlock animation isn't working properly on my S6 running lollipop. Other than the bugs it's awesome!!
Need few improvements, 1. Need motion detector to show the time, like when lifting up to see the time. 2. Need to directly jump to password other than lock screen . Thank you.
Add some security like adding password/pin/pattern options to it. I swear I'll leave my stock lockscreen forever, it's that awesome.
Proximity sensor is not working properly. To wake it up, have to hold the proximity sensor for at least 5 sec. Phone model: Infocus
Hey, ac display is a superb app but i am facing a issue with wake up screen feature, when ever i keep the phone screen facing ground and I lift the phone screen is nt waking up,, my proximity sensor is working fine,, out of 10 trails in 5 screen is waking up...so guys please fix asap....
fix that i don't want the wallpapers will be same as my homescreen wallpaper i like this Ac lockscreen will have his own wallpaper set hope for the nxt update that will be available in this application. keep it up more power
The notifications stay on for only a sec and then disappears..how can I make it to stay on until I clear it out?
The screen doesn't wake up whenever i pick up the device, even when the phone is charging. Help
Lack of development. Other apps, like Glance Plus, are on continuous development and became better always on app option.
Would have received all 5stars if it had secured lock options also..still good hope the developers come up with that extra one also
I used to love this app but then after using a few days I noticed the drastic change in my battery life. I disabled it.  😔 really love it but Battery is more necessary than the beauty.
Thank you Devs! Only thing I would get rid of is that notification telling the user that the app is active. - GS6
Not 5 stars as I believe it should provide option for basic authentication at least say a password or pattern. Otherwise a cool and good app
But everytime I press the + button to add a widget the app crashes. Pls fix. Thx
I've used hi locker, go locker, and many more.  They all did a great job and looked nice. Ac, however, does an equally nice job with a fantastic exception.  The developer designed it to NOT drain your battery.  After installing, I was getting at least a 10% increase in my daily battery life.  And for you smartphone owners, you know that can be a lot at the end of the day.  So, I highly recommend this wonderful lockscreen.
It doesn't wake up the phone when notifications are coming.
The User Interface of the notifications is absolutely beautiful. BUT here's the thing - this is a lock screen without a lock - Frankly a disappointment.
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G 😀 Literally. It does not drain your battery, in fact, it kinda improved my bat in a way 😂 But dayum, I prefer this over my old rusty notification lock screen thingy. This is way more reliable, it's beautiful, the design is smexy asf 😂😂 This is litteraly one of the best personalisation apps, also, the best notifications for lock screen appy thingy evrrrr 😊❤
All what I can to say is thank you ho made this App.. LOVED IT SOOOOOOOOO MUCH!!!
It uses my super amoled display very well. Minimum battery drain and good info supplier!
It feels a little incomplete without a pass code unlocking option. Add that, and this app will be a full awesome package!!
I'm using galaxy note4 in marshmallow version and when I'm pulling out the pen to write quick note the ACdislay crashes down..I think we need a new update ... thank you
I'm a big fun of ac..unfortunately after lollipop update I have to swipe to unlock both ac and the original lock screen, which is really annoying each time to unlock both screens one by one to access phone. When I deactivate lock screen from settings, ac also disappears. Is there a way to use only ac instead of default screen lock, I found no solutions, pls help.. Otherwise I have no choice but uninstall ac..
The only possible con is some minimal battery drain (which is to be expected). Aside from that, it is a helpful and beautifully designed app.
Sliding down to remove notifications does not always work on my note5. A clear all button would be nice.
Its not working on my samsung galaxy j7 when i installed it its shows nothing on my devise nd even i can't uninstall it just waste of time or waste of Memory use
But after I hang up the phone call, the original lock screen shows up. Then I turned off and up the screen, acdisplay came back again.
After trying out this app found out that app drains your battery really fast, I charged my battery at a 100% & within  1 hour battery was already down to 90% & wasn't even using my phone within that hour. So not so good right now......
Would be better if i had option of just waking directly to lock screen whenevrr i take it out of pocket, its very painful to double swipe to reach notifications.
The pause/play and the nect/previous track buttons don't work anymore and I've tried with Spotify and Google play
The app is amazing but it is not going off......i am unable to unselect it in device administrator!! Its not working
Minimalistic and beautiful, this fulfills all I want in a lock screen. 4 stars because it misses one point, locking. I couldn't find any way to put a password of some kind, and I would really appreciate if you'll add it. Great app overall;
Android has upgraded to smart lock but this app defeats the purposes. Every time the screen goes off, its locked. Stupid. Uninstalled.
There was an issue regarding my lock screen. It seems that i can't click any stuff when it is in lock screen. I cant change my song in spotify when i open my screen. Please help.
I love to use this as my lock screen, and is perfect for checking notifications!! The only thing it still needs is a camera shortcut. Then it'll be perfect!!
Its awesome but. Its unstable returns to the default locker bugs needed to be fixed.
Cannot even launch the app on my LG  G Pro. Please fix it.. I loved this app
Zte grand X2, if you hit the "recent apps button" and slide the app to the right you can close off the locker without unlocking it.
I wanted to remove this app but it crashes my settings when removing device administrator. Currently stuck with this app on my phone and im not happy.
It will be awesome it you add the always on display feature like s7. And option to add more than 1 widget on the screen.  Maybe a pro version for these features. Thanks
Nice idea, really want an app to replace Moto X active display but no luck here.
Ummmm it doesn't work at all for me and I can't Uninstaller it off my phone. Please help!
The Music widget has stopped working for roughly 3 weeks now. Play pause skip etc don't work when pressed.
This app is great!... No hit to the battery... Works great on my note 5, lg v10 and Sony z3v... Very impressive...BUT please make this work with my Nexus 6p finger scanner!
This app is amazing to use and makes my phone look amazing! One thing that would be great is if you could use the music playing lockscreen widget as an actual music widget on your homescreen.
I love it but, when I get notifications from facebook messenger, the messenger chat head is showing up over the lockscreen, so it's pretty much useless. Fix it and 5 stars
Love the app, but something is really annoying: how to change the app in the blacklist ? My sms app is in "hide, silent" mode in the blacklist so I don't receive notification... Thank you 💘
I can't deactivate this app, when I try and remove administration rights the page greys out and returns back to the original menu
Great app; great ideas!  Active mode does not work well with Samsung Note 8.  Requires too much effort to wake the screen.  Wave to unlock is checked!  Maybe it should have a sensitivity setting.  Also, it would be great if the notification icons could be made bigger than 72, and a size slider for the date and battery level.  All else is good.  Thanks!
I would only change one thing - the constant presence of the notification bar saying that the app is active.
I really do like this lock screen cause its simple and it doesn't drain battery life and since i have an s6 that's important. Update : no more issues when it comes to security. I just added the stock lock code on my s6 so when i swipe i also have the requirement of a pw. Great job with this app. Also my music player on the display is working now. Perfect lock screen. 😍
I really like the minimalist design and always be my favorite lock screen. But, for improvements, can you make : - the wallpaper customizable (from my own library) - make not just one latest notification that i can view through the lock screen but every messages that i received - fix some multiple same messages issues - shows the clock when i'm playing music - there's an unlock and lock sound
You have click on notifications to see whats in them. Even in the video when they say "you can see all your notifications" the screen actually just shows the time and the icon from the app that made the notification there's nothing to read or see.  I'm not sure why they have a features like "wake up on notification" or wake using proximity sensor because you still have to tap on each individual notification to see it.
It is an awesome app i used it for long bt now i  upgraded to samsung j7 prime which runs on android 6.0 platform in which this app gives unfortunately stop error Other wise it deserves 5 star I hope the developer improves the app so that it can work on every device
It's good. I want read full massage on  lock screen so please accept my request ......please .....pleas
Need more improvement...oh after update sometimes it's steel crash to my galaxy s6 edge...
Love The handling of notifications, but if you're going to let it act as a replacement lockscreen we HAVE to have a way to lockout the home button.
After so many days of successful use of this app i found that when you click Home button it unlocks just like an app after all this app is best. Please solve this issue. Thank you.
U can unlock ur phone automatically when u take it out from ur pocket by using this app. Gr8 app to save the lock button.
But I'm wondering why does the lockscreen can be unlock just using the home button and recent apps key? It made the phone easily unlock while in the pocket.
Use it especially for the lockscreen functionality. Could you make it possible to choose a custom wallpaper? Also, could you make an option to pin the last notification (so that one can see the most recent "news")? Thanks & and keep up the good work. Would be happy if you  continue to improve your precious app.
This is probably one of my favorite apps of all time, but is the developer ever going to update it? Will he ever fix the stabilty issues?
The active mode, though really useful, puts a huge strain on the battery. Please fix
I love this lockscreen! This is the awesome lockscreen app! Good job! I hope it could be password there. Sorry for my bad english
Tried everything, completely unable to unintell this junk. Crashes the system app
A beautiful, clean lock screen with good features & design. Needs some improvements for example : it needs a password or pattern unlock for the lock screen so I can disable my current one.
Love the whole look and feel. The only thing that is currently missing is fingerprint support it seems. Thanks for a great open source tool!!
Cant disable the touch buttons on lock screen, keeps unlocking my phone on my pocket.
this is such a nice app i ever use, but for me its has a problem that notification is not dismissed automatically where  notification is read out. please solve it . i need this apps.. reply  me soon i am waiting
It would be even better if you added a password lock feature to the lock screen. Also, make it so the lock screen doesn't disappear if you tap the home, recent tabs, or back button because I'd love to use this as my actual lockscreen. Do this and I'll give five stars! This locker is the best!
My phone was lagging from 2 days which it never did. While searching for the cause i found out that the app AcDisplay was using 524 mb of RAM and u know what i was not even able to uninstall this app.
I have Moto X gen2.  Since you cant install all moto apps in CM I had difficulties finding right app to switch from original MotoDisplay. This one is great because it has full black background feature + player controls.
Definately stayed as my new lockscreen as soon as I tried it!  4 Stars only because there are one or two features missing, like for example a display of battery percentage, or the ability to access the status bar from the locked screen for quick settings edition.   Thank you for making this app!
Very good and simple lock screen which is very light and functional. Cant really call this as a lock screen as it does'nt has a password protection. It will be the best screen lock on android platform if   full string password and (or)  finger print protection with privacy control(ability to define apps that could be unlocked with out password) is added to this... Expecting new essential feature soon...
just wondering if you could implement an 'always on' display that uses low battery for AMOLED display users
Every time you unlock it with power button it doesn't work and most irritating thing is only if u r lucky enough this lock screen display will work or else on clicking unlock button it opens up to standard or say stock display screen plz improve on this and there's lot of lag in this app
The only issue that irritates me is when a phone call comes it unlocks the device automatically and never lock it again! which is quite unexpected!
Han sido corregidos sólo algunos fallos en mi Galaxy S4 con lollipop, pero de vez en cuando tartamudea el sonido al bloquear o hacer el doble toque para bloquear, también me gustaría que apareciera la previsualización de la imagen de contacto de WhatsApp, ya que sólo aparece de algunas apps como messenger. Arreglen por favor para que con doble clic botón home no se desbloquee. Agreguen seguridad por favor y mejoren los fallos del widget de música. Eso es sólo en lollipop, con kitkat funcionaba genial.
This app has a great potential i just wish that the developer must updated soon to fix some bugs.Overall All this Lockscreen is great And I like everything The style and the lockscreen itself
It eliminate the use of using buttons to unlock the device and give Moto Display style feature.This app could have been excellent if it could use fingerprint lock and unlock features similar to Nexus or Motorola device i.e. eliminate the use to press any button to unlock. And if you are able to do this then 5* from my side.
Love this apps so much and works well on my S7. One question can I set pin or password when i swipe this apps during notification arrived? Since i dont find any pin set up. It takes two way to open acdisplay to swipe and put in pin or finger print on device before it's open to homescreen.
The app is pretty and functional. While there aren't too many features, the existing ones are integrated beautifully and intuitively. Plus, the fact that it's open source makes for maximum customization. Apps like this are what make Android great.
Honestly i love this app im not thr person to give a good review when the apps bad but this apps flawless i wont ever change it my favorite part is that its so simplistic never gliches out and its reliable best lockscreen app for android hands down
only problem is..  not sure whether all devices have the same issue but in mine it uses up a lot of RAM ..sometimes even up to 400 MB
I liked the app but now that it has served its purpose, it cannot be deleted because it has crashed the settings every time I tried to revoke its administration control.
However, please add custom lock screen wallpaper support so the lock screen background could be different instead of the same with the home screen background. The lock screen also can be easily bypassed by home and multitasking button.
This app makes for a good lock screen alternative. It claims to be simple and minimalistic, and it is. I only wish this came with an Always On option. Please add this!
I love the idea but it works quite slow on my Vibe Shot,  when I swipe to unlock,  I get a 2 second delay before my device get unlocked
Está muy bien está app, solo que me gustaría que agregaran la función de desbloqueo por huella dactilar, ya mi teléfono cuenta con el, y al establecerlo como pantalla de bloqueo tengo que desbloquear la app y luego mi pantalla. Pero fuera de eso es genial
App is frequently restarting and consuming too much battery....is there any way to fix it...please help... I really like this app
should not have to keep the stock lock screen and this one for security. please add a true screen lock to the app. should also be able to use custom wallpapers separate from the main. otherwise great app.
It is so great but.. Please fix the bugs. I can not turn it on when I need it . I want it to be always on but I do not know how. Plz reply my. Thx for the amazing app. 😘
Absolutely love it. Except for Spotify Music controls that don't work. Other than I would be satisfied and proud to be using this great lock screen on my G4
Most minimal, easy to use lock screen put there! Beautifully designed! But wish there was support for pinning third party apps to the corners of the screen. Only options are dialer and camera. If it had third party app support this would earn 5 stars for sure!
It's really great but when I try to take it off it made my settings crash and it wouldn't let me take it off
This function would make the app perfect 👌(it doesn't matter that yiu can bypass them, at least it keeps people from going through my stuff at the moment). Plus, it would be amazing if you could display desired message on the screen (name, message etc.)
Happy that the update fixed my problem. Thank you for hearing me out, devs. This app has endless possibilities. Than you for hearing us out peoplr who is still running an Android 4.3 smartphone. More powers!
Very slick design have an overall more friendly and visually appealing looked to my otherwise drag screen I already had, some things that could be changed but overall amazing.
While performing some job then it is also showing notifications with black screen if new notification arrive. Earlier everything was ok, U don't know what happened !
When i try add a widget, appear 'settings has stopped'. Is that cause of my phone?
Love it! Works great on my Galaxy Core Prime. I tried several other similar apps this one was the only one that functioned fully in my phone. So far I haven't noticed it affecting my battery life and best of all no extra downloads with this app!
I downloaded this app but i didn't liked so i wanted to unistall the app but cannot unistall because its a device administrator so i went on the device administrator to deactivate it from device administrator but it gives error and settings are stop , now i am very angry on this bullshit app
Good work dev(s). Crashes sometimes, but it makes my phone experience THAT much better.
I gave it 3 stars . I would gave it 5 stars since u fix that when i open my phone it says i have to unlcok it by password because of privacy policy  . And if iam not knowing how to turn on option that let the fingerprint work so please tell me
I love how this works and how clean it is but it locks my phone every time and doesn't let my fingerprint unlock it. Is there any way to fix this?
Didn't end up liking it, but now it WILL NOT let me uninstall the damn thing. It refuses to let me deactivate it as a device administrator. If you install this app, DO NOT, allow it to be a device administrator.
App works great. The only issue I'm facing is the unlock by waving hand. It works 1 out of 10 times. So just make this workable. Else this is a great app.
On android 5. When updated to android 6 the system does not allow to unlock with fingerprint everytime, asking for the password. Probably it doesnt trust the app and for security asks for the password
Sometimes the app seem lag and so on. Please make it more fancier and stable.
It is the best of all lock screen applications! It's simple, slick, notification interaction is great and the music widget is simply 👌. I only wish we could be able to choose a specific wallpaper for the lock screen, and the ability to set a pattern/pin lock would be appreciated. Other than that, 10/10, great job.
I wish there was a security feature. Some bugs include: when using quick reply app (by jawomo), the notification symbol is a caution sign ( only happened after I updated to marshmallow) and after you turn the screen off, it flashes back on for a moment. Otherwise, this app is awesome.
When I press Home button, it immediately takes me to my Home Screen. There's no security. So Devs, may I suggest that you add a feature that would really replace my stock lock screen. I love this app so much but it's not that secure, really.
Brings Ambient Display to most phones. Love the 'wave to wake' feature. Better than many similar apps but finger print unlock stats locked due to 'security policy' on my S6.
As you know ASUS has no option to disable fabric lock screen you can just put it to swipe so i get delays on locker if you can fix it, pls fix it! And please delete Ac option reminder on notification bar
Do i have to disable the default security thumbmark feature? I have mails coming but its not working. And if it does, can it stays in the screen all the time? Pls show us video how to work it properly.
On a nexus 6 now and I missed the active display on the lock screen. Acdisplay seems to have all of those features. Outstanding app so far.
Slide from corners and double tap to sleep are not working on my device. Wave to wake up feature is not proper to accuracy.
A wonderful app, easy to read notifications and beautiful interface. I just loved it. It does not drain my phone's battery either. The lock screen id not functioning yet, so I will wait for it. Keep up the good work dev team!
So I get a notification and the screen will light up for a few seconds then turn off. When I turn on my phone screen manually after that with the power button it doesn't show the notification screen anymore just my regular lock screen. Is there a way to keep the notification screen every time I turn on my screen as long as I have a notification? Other than that it's an awesome app !
Phones with sensors,more sensors can meetup all the requirements without and 3rd party app which needs a higher budgets as well. But as for the mid range smart phone users with less sensors this is the perfect app for checking notifications and an amazing lock screen.  5 stars
Ne znam sta je problem otići u podešavanja i onemogućiti da bi deinstalirali...
This app is perfect for what I'm looking for in a lock screen. Easily accessible notifications, simplistic look and zero issues. Excellent app!
This app has style AND substance. My only two recommendations are 1) option for a wallpaper that differs from your home screen, and 2) option to set lock/unlock sounds from files on your device. Otherwise, keep up the good work!
If  we get messages its completing displaying messges upon holding the messages notification.....so need privacy option of nt displaying the info in the notification(messages ,whats app msgs ,etc )also provide a security lock feature it in next update ...its good app keep it up
Very good app but drains a bit of battery.  I'm currently on 79% of my 3000 mAh battery, and this app ate about 7%of it.  Maybe look into tou  coding and try to optimize it then I can give about 4 stars since their isn't a lot of features
Great app! Please enable a feature of enabling pin when activated lock screen, and please have an always on screen feature as this is the best I've seen out there. This is perfect for OLED displays!
EDIT. IT TURNS ON RANDOMLY EVEN WHEN I ALREADY UNLOCK MY PHONE AND ITS  REALLY BUGGING ME. AND I CANNOT DEACTIVATE THE ADMINISTRATOR THINGS PLEASE  FIX
I love this because ive been wanting it for awhile and can now and i took timw to retupe this app and find it just to give it a good review and rating because its flawless, ad-less, stress less, worry free and easy to use i love its simplicity and diversity great app
Need an option to add security in apps lockscreen feature, i mean there should be a pattern lock or pin lock option as well, because currently only swipe to unlock is present which is stopping me from completely replacing my stock lock screen with this awesome one.
It'd be awesome if you can make the media widget without the album art so that it'll be more power efficient on AMOLED screens.
Unfortunately the process com. Android. Settings has stopped,  that is the message I'm always getting everytime I try to select a widget please any solution?                                    Update: now it works but it is too slow to activate,  I don't like waiting for a look screen it makes no sense
It is an great app love it. But only thing missing is that it should onclud an screen lock pattern, pin, fingerprint...
Smashing minimalistic design. One note: I would love to use it on my tablet as well, but it seems that it won't autorotate. Perhaps this is a local problem, but it would be nice to see that implemented.
This thing is great. However some bugs need to be fixed like the lock screen. Also it would be great if a security option like a pin or pattern can be applied while unlocking the phone. Hoping improvements. Cheers.
Hi Dev I don't know if u read the comments or not but might I suggest a very nifty feature and I hope to see it in an upgrade                                   -use the accelerometer instead of the proximity for turning on the display(waving over proxy seems a bit out of the daily use)a double tap or a simple tap on the table to turn on ur amazing app would be nice use proximity to detect whether its in a pocket or handbag or not.:-) a suggestion from a fan whose been using ur app for quiet some time now:-)
I used the lockscreen feature, and it looks well with the animation and the simple interface. Please add security option (pattern or pin) for the lockscreen, for the future update. Well done!
I stopped using it because I use fingerprint to unlock, but this app doesn't go with that. Any updates coming?
When I first installed it was lag free but after about 3 months it tends to freeze, lag and become unresponsive great look and feel though
This is a great little handy app, the only problem I'm facing is the wave to wake feature, it isn't working properly for me, hope this issue is looked into for the next few updates
I try to set is as locksreen in my Galaxy Tab S, but it keeps saying "need to avoid overlaying alarm and phone apps" and when I click it, it directs me to Wifi setting... pls help me! I want to use this lockscreen so bad :")
It's very useful app but something need to be fixed likr you have to click at least 3 times to unlock your phone and  it doesn't work whem you clear your  recent apps. Please kindly fix these issue
Removal not straight forward
I'd like to give this app 5 stars but it makes unlock slower... On my Samsung Galaxy S6, I have to swipe and then unlock with fingerprints, of you add fingerprint directly in acdisplay I'll give you 5 stars ! You can also add a mode for Samsung clear cover ;)
First gmail notification causes my S6 to reboot and start in a messed up colour scheme. Distortion blocked colours like the graphics card failed. Not a present experience
Cant believe the developer made an ad-free software. The app explains everything leaving no doubt. Works great with Android. Will donate at least one ice cream within the next few days if it keeps the great job!
Great app, really like, but it has an issue with the Note 5's screen-off memo taking mode; the screen will go completely off in around 10 seconds whether I'm writing or not.  Tried all the settings, can't seem to fix that.
Please add a lock to the screen not just a simple swipe. Also allow the option to add your own lock screen picture not just the home picture.
can you please make it work with fingerprint scanner, so I don't have double lockscreen? 😊
Needs motion sensing, and it gets jittery when the phone receives a USSD message.
Nice app works very good on Galaxy note edge, just a bug, that it keeps on displaying same notifications again and again until you do not manually "Clear All" from notification bar. Hope it will be tuned in next update.
Great development. I m loving this app but lack of lock screen makes this app vulnerable to undesired activity. Pls ad a lock screen option.
Looks great, but the app crashes every time I try to access the widgets! Would be 5 stars if fixed
Doesn't work with fingerprint API so you either have lower security or you have to unlock your device twice. Also you have to jump through hoops to uninstall this app, trying to deactivate it only causes Settings to crash.
I'd say the main issue is the apparent lack of support for fingerprint readers. On my Nexus 5X it just refuses to move past the lock screen after reading my fingerprint, which is rather unfortunate.
It have been months since I last write my review and I'm still unable to uninstall the app on my Note 5. It keeps crashing everytime I try to deactivate the app on the device administration . I hope you gonna try and fix this problem instead of ignoring it .
i wish this app can be a screenlock so im not to swipe my lockscreen open my pin or pattren and swipe acDisplay again .. make this app can be setup in any screenlock and any device thanks  the display is awsome , dont change that i like it
If the position of the central notification area can be moved slightly upwards from the present position (center), it will be great., The ability to add a pattern or pin (4digit without the need of an OK bitton, iPhone style) will be great.,
Add a security lock (Pattern lock) to it & it would be the perfect lockscreen app on android. Enjoying it atm
It impressed me as well as my friends! One thing though, it unlockes when you press the home button of your phone when you read a notification, please fix that :) then it should be a factory app for all smartphones
How do you hide notification content when they come up? My phone is set to hide content on the lock screen as standard but if I get a notification through this app it can still be read regardless. I can't use the lock screen provided with this app because I can't use the fingerprint scanner to unlock my phone if I do
The unlock background should have a transparency option too, instead of having an opaque screen every time you unlock. You should also be able to position the time and notifications, maybe you want the notifications on the right side of your screen or above your time, etc.
It drain my battery very fast uninstalling it
I love how the simplicity applied in this lockscreen gives the idea of a cool way technology works. Just that can you help apply password features to make it look more of a 'lock' screen. Other than that, it's 110% awesome! Thank you!
It looks good but I can't use my fingerprint sensor to unlock..... Any suggestion?
I've been using this lockscreen for years now. Now I'm on Oreo and I'm still using it! Beats every lockscreen I've used. It's minimal and aesthetic yet functional enough for everyday use. Google should consider integrating this aesthetic in their own lockscreen. Love how displays album art too when music is playing.
I really like this fast and simple  but is there any type of security on this  i mean  its called a lockscreen but it does not seem to lock your phone as such or i cant seem to find  any type of password or finger print  type security otherwise i would have given this 5 stars
When I try to uninstall, it doesn't let me. I found that it needs to be unchecked from device administrator, when I try that it just kicks me out of the settings. Emailed this guys for support before posting this review and waited for a week for the reply but no response. Very disappointed.
Thank you Guys for giving us this app. I appreciate your work. It guves my lock screen a classic n sexy look. But....... But It lacks clock styles. If you could only add 3-4 clock styles digital with analog then it would be Great from very good. 😊
pressing the recent button or home button closes the lock screen .... plz fix this issue ... i want to use this as my primary lockscreen but the recent button and the home button issue is forcing me to use different locker app ... plz fix this ...
For some reason AcDisplay now activates itself everytime a new notification appears, regardless of whether the phone is unlocked or not. This is really infuriating and I've had to disable it.
THIS IS A MALWARE! CAN NOT UNINSTALL (Before uninstall the app asking to be deactivated due to its administrative privileges. But when you try to deactivate it nothing happens on Galaxy S6 Edge. Either buggy or a malware).
Nexus 5X - Marshmallow. Use to love it, but want to have this as my default lockscreen but cannot until it supports fingerprint unlock and use as replacement for standard lockscreen. Will keep in waiting....
The only problem I have ran into is when I try and use the Screen off memo on my galaxy note 5 the screen goes to sleep while I'm writing the memo. It is really annoying.
On my samsung galaxy a3 when i get facebook notifications it makes the acdisplay blink like its lagging and he doesn't stop unless i dismiss the notification
Its great and all shows my notifs perfectly. But wouldn't it make more sense if you guys added a security option like PINS or PATTERNS.
Please add a pass code, because when I try to use my normal one, after I unlock ac display I have to swipe up again then type in my pass code and it's really annoying.
We can not access notification centre quick controls on the lock screens please keep that option
This app is awesome....!!! Just request one more feature in it: Integration of pattern lock in this lockscreen so that we can remove system pattern lock and we dont have to undergo the process of unlocking two lockscreens (first acdisplay and then system lockscreen).  Other than that, this app is more than awesome...thnx for that..!!! 😊😊😊
There is one glitch ,when the lock of your phone is just swipe while notification display is on, capacitive touch button( recent apps and home button) on galaxy phones tends to remove it.
Everything about it is great just throw in a couple of security features maybe fingerprint support and it will be perfect
Settings kept crashing when trying to add a custom widget on LG G3. Asked dev to fix and was told it was an LG bug and to "Flash custom AOSP-based ROM" which is a pretty lazy response and not practical for the average user. Uninstalled.
I can't uninstall without deactivating the app in device admin. When I go to deactivate it crashes my system settings. Very irritating. Nexus 5 running stock OS on latest build.
Confused...I have a samsung Note 4 but even after playing with it numerous times it doesn't show the clock,  battery, or notifications or half the stuff the video shows. Guess the search continues
When phone is turned off by using "double tap screen off" can only be unlocked using pattern or code. In other words, it won't unlock by fingerprints after double tap screen off in ac display! Please fix
its ok until i switched to lollipop then spotify media buttons won't work on this lockscreen. Using Samsung Galaxy Note 3
I'd like to see the lock screen feature work with fingerprint reader supported devices like the Nexus 6p, etc.
You might as well turn this into a full system lock app. It's really cool looking and works well but without a lock it's irrelevant to other apps. Its too much to have two screens before opening my phone.
It tells me to activate the notificafion permission,then it takes me to the notification center,where the notification permission is already active.I get back into the app,it tells me that the notification permission is not active.What can I do?
I love this app. It does exactly what I wanted which is to put simple notifications on my lock screen without all kinds of unnecessary stuff getting in the way. Reminds me of my old Moto X. Also doesn't seem to harm my battery life.
I really appreciate your stuff  Mr Artem it is fabulous the lockscreen which i want since long decade finally you made you made it possible for me i seriously don't understand why people leaving bad reviews on your stuff i had donated to you all your stuffs in your app 😃
Lg spirit 4G. Android 5.1 the app snoozes my alarms and makes them useless. Sometimes showing my homescreen first for a second and then goes into lockscreen. Wave function dosn't work sometimes. I like it and I will rate 5 if you fix these bugs
Yeah. That's the problem, the chat head shows on top of lockscreen, it'll look neat if that doesn't happen. Or should I hide messenger notifications?
I would like to compliment you on this awsome app,since I found it I have been loveing it. If I can make a small suggestion,would like to see in the future a "turn WiFi off during sleep" option,that would really make it shine,in my opinion. Anyway,good app,keep it up!!!
Wave to wake works too late. Needs atleast 4 seconds over the proximity sensor, well that certainly can't be called "wave to wake".. I'm sitting like stupid covering the sensor for 4 whole seconds 😕
Hats off to the developer. This is awesome, it just couldn't have been better but at the same time I just wanted to point out an issue with it. The settings where you select what the upper right swipe or the lower right swipe will do is not working. Please see to it. Thank you
Its OK until you want to uninstall it have gone into device administrator but that doesn't work ..have tried to email Dev ..but email not recognised the app itself works well and you can disable it...but I've yet to find a way to uninstall it!!
It doesn't work on my device. And when I'm trying to delete it. It won't allow me to. It keeps on saying that I  need to deactivate it first. But there's no way to deactivate it. Don't get it if you have the Samsung Galaxy S3 like me. Run as far away from this app as you can.
I was using this App on my HTC E8 and its was working as a charm, but since I have moved to Nexus 6P my finger print reader is not able to unlock my phone.
Wish the "lockscreen" override other 3rd party lock screen app. You know what? Why not add security feature? Allow it to have pin, pattern or fingerprint as unlock mechanic like some other lock screen apps. thank you!
Very elegant and handy. The only bug I've found so far is that tapping on the notification content won't open the linked app if there's more than one notification. Or at least that's what happens with whatsapp. Other than that, wonderful app
Rated 5 stars. But I need a Password screen after swiping notification screen.😃
Why is it that on my Samsung Galaxy s6 edge,  each time I get a text message my screen will wakeup... Then constantly keep waking up as long as I haven't checked the message yet. The phone will keep waking up until I Chek the notification.  It's mad annoying.
When I get a notification it constantly wakes my screen, then times out and closes then wakes again and over and over and over. It's been destroying my battery
Wont let me delete. Disabled it as a device administrator but still doesnt let me uninstall. Horrible
Currently forces me to enter PIN instead of using the fingerprint sensor. I really want to start using this app again but the bug is rather annoying.
After i updated my fone to 5.0 lollipop d lockscreen became buggy. It unlocks by pressing home button n sometimes after swipe unlocking it locks d display again.. please fix this. Also a suggestion to include always on mode like v find on d new galaxy s7 n lg g5..
Please add security code so I didn't need to unlock my lock screen two times at the same time. Thanks
Like shaking images of ac display and my background on my moto g ( 2nd ) generation please fix .
When I try to uncheck this tool from device administrators, android system app crashes... nexus 5 2013, android 6.0.1 with march update. Fix it asap
I like the interface, but the app is lagging and stops responding too frequently. When I need to use my phone, I don't want to have to wait 15-30 seconds. Uninstalling.
Please3 improve the stability. I love this app, but lack of stability makes me keep off and on this app. When i press the power button it will goes straight into homescreen and skip the lockscreen.
This morning my acdisplay suddenly stop working, I tried to uninstall n reinstall agn. I even try to turn off every security
Having issues even just using the app because of notifications that doesn't teach how to bypass.
I have a note 5 with Android 6.0.1 update. I recently found out about this app and tried it out but it doesn't activate. I don't know what to do and theirs no option to turn on the app
My phone will crash and restart when using this apps
Sometimes works, most of the times does not. I have rooted Android 6 and with xposed module with all permissions but still doesn't work well.
I have trouble with removing this app please fix. I need to deactivate it first, but when I want to deactivate it from settings&gt;lock screen and security&gt;device administrators&gt;Ac display, it always crashes. I already tried restarting my phone (Samsung S7)
Please make it ALWAYS ON like the S7/Edge. And make it move randomly on the screen so it won't burn unless there's a way to do it. The way it handles notification is top notch and the material design is fantastic. Great work!
Works for a period, then crashes and stops showing notifications.
I would love an option that displays the notification fully then shrinks it down. Good app though.
AcDisplay is a must have app for all and regarding battery consumption, I did not face any problem. Also, the app needs an update. Does not run on 7.1.1
It would be better if there would be an option to start the app on boot cuz once I reboot into my OS... it takes about a minute or 2 for ac display to start up again.  otherwise... no issues  😊
Notifications are hard dismiss when there is more than 1 line of notifications and when you try to dismiss it by pulling it down it just shows the notification below it and it gets really frustrating
Why are people complaining so much???? The notification is there so the app isn't killed. Most of your questions are answered in the help section.
App is good love what it made to do but why I can't see my lockscreen thts my only problem plz help..it directly takes me to my Home screen
Music were stopping in the background. When i start using this app, i cant play music when i locked it. Can u fix this in the next update please
But very hungry, uses loads of ram. And don't like the notification which says it's active.
I like it, but its taking up space and I want to in install it but I can't. It says I have to disable it before uninstalling, but I don't know how to do that. Can someone please help
I think I've finally found the best replacement for the standard lock screen. What would make it perfect is unlock methods being added to the app, having the ability to quick reply to messages, choosing any wallpaper for the background
Nearly perfect as a lockscreen but to be clear. You can't actually set a lockscreen picture. Only what your "desktop" (?) background is can be used.  Kinda a huge downside as you'd think that'd be the first main goal. But again otherwise perfect and beautiful
I messed with it I did few things wrong it works very well for what it is next update change the colors on the clock font five stars for sure the next update
What would make this app perfect is if it locked the volume sliders when it is used as a lock screen. I find i accidentally turn my phone volume up when i put my phone in my pocket.
Love this app. Would like to see the ability to add a widget without it taking the clocks place and maybe being able to select where you want it. Keep it up Devs!
Pattern/pin screen doesn't automatically open . after swiping(unlocking) from acdisplay I need to again swipe the stock lock to draw the pattern
I love the way this app works... It's so amazing and it saves lots of batter on my phone... I hope to see a new update were you can actually put a lock code, that would be great.
Great app so far, similar to the features on the droid turbo I used to have. I wish you could wave your hand for showing notifications. I'll give a more in depth review after a little more time is put in.
This app didnt do what I wanted it to do. Now it has disabled the uninstall button when I try to remove it and this is setting of a lot of red lights!
This drains my battery.  I can't deactivate this. I get a message saying an administrator must do it. IT'S MY PHONE. Is there a way to delete this app?
Don't install it guys. I am stuck with this stupid app. I am unable to uninstall it. Looks like i have to reset my phone and hope to get rid of this nasty app
My alarm only goes for a split second then ACDisplay turns it off? I've checked every setting and can't get it fixed. Please help.
I'd love if an 'always on' mode was available that is similar to what we see on the s7
Kinda Works Flawlessly Until I Recieve A Whatsapp Notification and the Name of The sender is Visible even when ive Kept Everything Hidden In The Privacy Settings... Fix That And 5 Stars are Yours...
work,don't use battery,change double tap action to dismiss AC display not lock screen ,add options to show AC display after lock screen and timeout after 15 or 30 seconds,add this feature but don't add bug!because app work 100% correctly.thanks.
Please remove this problem if when a press the home button in Samsung device it will automatically unlock please solve this problem otherwise it is a good app
I am trying to delete this app off of my galaxy s5 and it keeps saying "this is a device administrater, you must deactivate first" it's deactivated and it still won't let me Uninstaller please help!!!
When you want to unlock the phone it demands I put the pin in and not use my fingerprint and then sometimes it works with the fingerprint.
It used to be amazing, but now it randomly stops displaying my notifications and even working as a lockscreen. I wish it would work properly again, because this used to be 5 star perfect lockscreen
Love it , I think it will be better if it has more customisations. And features like pattern ,PIN, password. And support horizontal mode for tablets . the last one is very important to me, i hope you add it .
App ever, never left feedback but this is flipping mint and makes me feel like I'm in a TV show set in the future with cool features that seem too cool for our development, nice one
I dnt knw if there is any type of setting or not..bcz in my xiaomi mi4i it is not working.I installed twice.I enable lock screen also..But every time it shows my default lock screen..please tell me solution
Why does it always go into dark background mode every time a notification arrives?  If it's a setting I'm missing, please do tell.. If it's a bug, well let's just say it's very annoying.. deal breaker..
Unable to deactivate admin access! Crashes the settings when I try to do that! Even after restarting the phone. Unable to uninstall! Not working well with the unlocking screen! Factory reset?! Galaxy S6.
This is happening last couple of weeks. On arrival of new message or notification on lock screen the screen flickers like crazy on my Note 5.
I have been using this app when it just popped up in the store. Would love to see security integrated into lockscreen though, such as pin or fingerprint. Thanks
Once you download this app. There's no going back. You can't uninstall it unless you deactivate it from devise administration, but there's a problem. IT WONT LET YOU!!!!!
I like the app a lot, but the widgets don't seem to consistently work
Lock screen is simply amazing...but the issue is the lockscreen is deactivated when alarm sounds...so that we should again ON the lockscreen in the app....so make this version STABLE and remove BETA....when u do this u will surely get good RATINGS and REVIEWS for ur app
Using rocket player, the previous and next track icons toggle volume up and volume down instead.  Any fix for this?
Man u admin... Iv been using the app fr almst a yr... that's a pretty wrk dude.. loved it..if u can make it wd secured lock screen wud b grt..even thou its worth 5 star dude
Hi , I'm a Nexus 5x user , and I'm using your app right now , the app requires device administrator permissions right ? , The problem is when I use fingerprint unlock , the device keeps locked and then when I swipe it , it shows that The device administrator locked device , I had to put on my pin code Everytime  that makes my fingerprint feature unusable , please fix this. Sometimes fingerprint feature works but mostly it doesn't . Please fix . I'll be waiting for response and update .
Great and handy app to read notification without opening the lock screen... Plz control battery drain
This app is a virus and won't let me remove as administrator I can deactivate others apps fine but this one do not install
Enable developers option and enable skip lock screen and if you have password it will only display the password page AC display will pop up first then the password page
Came from a moto x with active display and tried this out before upgrading. The app works great but with my new nexus 5x it won't allow unlocking with finger print.
Very good one but lots of bugs, one thing i loved that you can add zoopers on lock screen isnt that amazing and music notification has some kind of problem plz fix that and plz take out your ac display service kind of notification from notification center it looks weird and cheap and but all and all amazing app hands off to you guys and hope to receive amazing updates in futures
Facebook messnger keeps popping up over the lockscreen though. Fix that and 5 stars for you!
I have to enter a password when I want to unlock. if I want to use fingerprint I have to turn the phone on and off and it's a whole ordeal (Nexus 6p)
Bad experience. I'm trying to uninstall the app but I try to remove it from the device administrators and the settings crashes. I can remove every single app except for this one. Fix this!
Unable to pause/play or skip songs with the lockscreen controls. Pressing them does nothing and forces me to unlock my phone to use these controls.
Multiple icons notifications for the same message and also for the same app,  with WhatsApp doesn't show the contact 's image in the background...
It's a great lockscreen app. Simple and flawless. I hope they could add a pincode and pattern lock feature then it will be perfect... And I'll give it a 5 star...
One major issue. At least one option " sleep mode never time out" should be needed. And turn off the notification option.
gets worse with every update. it still does its job but updates should not remove features, only add new ones.
yeah this is the message i get every time i try to uninstall it through settings~apps~acdisplay~device administrator~come back to the first step.
Lock screen didn't work since last 2 weeks when i press lock button then my phones default lock screen come no the lock screen of ac display
I go to device arministration to deactivate but it keeps saying that settings has stopped everytime i deactivate this app. How can i deactivate and uninstall it?? Please fix this..
Cant uninstall app? Force Stop or Uninstall options are grey. How can you make an app that can't be uninstalled. Total Bullshit. I been emailing developer, no reply. F...ing Bullshit....
I have LG Optimus G and ad soon as try to add a widget the app crashes and it says "settings have stopped".
First I'd like to suggest to disable that home button action because it turns the lock screen off......and adding some shortcuts on the lock screen would make it very good..i hope you do it in next update..
Being required to have a 6 digit passcode since I have work email on my phone this app is my saving grace.  Can easily check notifications without having to enter my passcode ever time.  Love it.
Cant remove it from the list of device administrators. As soon as i do that settings app crashes. Help?-Galaxy Note 5
The app works impressively well, it's highly customizable, very neat. Great for people who need short preview of their messages without them taking all the lock screen. Minimalist and useful, doesn't draw battery.
It doesn't really turn on much for some reason, but it's a good lock screen, anyone else having the problem on galaxy s5?
(1) Active mode works fine when lifting the phone faced down from a table, but doesn't work when I take the phone out of my pant pocket. (2) The app is causing random power off of my Android One device running Android 6.0.1. (3) Add more watch faces, like Galaxy Gear S2 watch face.
The Google ambient display seems to override it. The test notification will work and that's it.
It makes my phone mess up like crazy with Spotify. And I can't pause music playing from Spotify at the lockscreen
This is app is very cool but I suggest to make a double - tap to active the  ac display but why double - tap to sleep.....because to active the ac  display I need to make my phone get out from my pocket then it will turn on  so that's my short review about Ur app
For those that needs help with the security for this lockscreen you can use this app along with your phone lockscreen for security because it doesn't have it so maybe that would help if anyone is having trouble otherwise it seems to be ok
Can't be uninstalled. Very dangerous app. Refused to b uninstalled, had administrator rights.   Had to wipe my phone clean to get rid of this mess
Double tap to sleep - check.double tap to wake - no.....so please add the feature and this will be best lock screen replacement ever
I love this app, I have a suggestion, it would be cool if you could disable the home button on the lock screen so you have to swipe. Also please disable the Samsung captivate buttons from illuminating on the lock screen
I like the app, it works well. I find that if I lock my phone then turn it back on right away it defaults to the standard lock screen for a second then clicked into AcDisplay. Besides that it works really well. Good job
Cannot remove from my device. I have deactivated it in security. But in the play store I cannot u install as it asks me to deactivate 1st. Help.
The best lockscreen app I have ever used. Just add the damn option to lock the device with a PIN or Pattern.
Downloaded this app activated it and when i locked my phone. It was just the same as it was before i downloaded this. Doesnt work..
For some reason the feature to wake up my device by waving over it doesn't work most of the time 😞 but other than that its cool. 😊
this app settings are not showing in my phone android os is jeallybean I hope that they will also make more compatible to my jeallybean
it is works fine with my oppo a37... love it... handy... because my oppo is not amoled and did not have led notification .. this software is helps alot!.. thanks
This is a great app, I find it the best way to have notifications on my lockscreen even on Android Oreo, it could use an option to stack notifications from the same app instead of showing every single one separately, eg for Twitter, Facebook.
I just transitioned from a moto device to a nexus 5. This app is a perfect replacement for the Moto display feature I dearly missed; with even better animations.
When i swipe down the notification, the animation not smooth enough, please fix it for 5
Been a fan of ac display for a long time now but since I've updated to 6.0.1 the app hasn't been stable
Good but needs little upgrade.  1.it needs it's own password lock or any type of lock with code swipe etc.  2. It needs to unlock itself when fingerprint unlock is used.  I do not want my phone to unlock with fingerprint and then swipe this app again to unlock
Very very cool... the only the thing I would like you devs to improve is the effect... Anyway, good job
Please respond!!! I love this app but when i take it out of my pocket nothing shows up i suggest that it should wake with a double tap gesture
I hate this app its taking up space and it won't let me uninstall even ythough i deactivated it I hate this help
If i wanted to remove it why dont you let me uninstal  until i get rid of with root blessings
Very good app and feels like moto x but it not same like.   when you pick up phone it glow up but you have to press the power button but over all it is very good. liked it :) :) :)
It's a really good app, I'd give it 5 stars if you fix the bug that when you wake the screen with the proximity sensor it doesn't show the playing music, it only shows with the lock button
The app refuses to disable itself as an device administrator so I am stuck with it
Can't play, pause, change track on lg g3 lock screen! Other than that, better than actual moto display!! Would also like font weight options for the time
Needs to have a pattern or pin and even a fingerprint sensor would be great especially because of all the smartphone integrating that technology into their phones
(Z3 Compact, 6.0.1) Awesome app, some visual updates would be great 😀
tried to uninstall it by going to settings and taking it off as an admin but every time I try, it gives me the same "Unfortunately your settings app has stopped." Any idea how to fix this?
It's great. Just it would be better if you could add an option in which the screen would be activated by picking up phone. Also if you could add lock screen security.
Nice app but I had to took a star away because this thing really uses of power. Also I never could get the app to activate when taking my phone out of my pocket.
Only problem is it doesn't show persistent notifications and add lock screen pin/password/pattern feature
Useless without fingerprint.  However. The best design ever.
Great software and very minimalistic. But recently it has been crashing a lot. Hope to see an update.
This is actually nice wish it had more features works great on my LG K7 but what I realize is that when installed and allowed to connect your device there is no uninstalling it
When my alarm lunch app  not lunch again and when i had viber call i must unlock to see who is calling
You need to fix the glitch with the Spotify music controls, every other music app seems to work except Spotify.
1.persistently showing camera logo in right. 2.Security options.3.Font changing capability.
It's not letting me delete the app it said make it in to a device administrator and I did and now it won't turn off
Part of my essentials for years now. Still wish it had a password mode but development stopped a while ago
for those of u whose power button is not working...this is an amazing app..totally stable, never hangs
on Textra app. Even with the Textra app set to have no repeat notifications, AC Display repeats the text notifications every few seconds until it the text is opened and read. Clearing the notification on AC Display does not stop the notifications. Other than that, awesome app.
Unable to uninstall.. crashes the settings menu whenever i try to deactivate in device admim
Before sleep my phone was 99% at 11:30pm, after i woke up at 5:00am it's 85%... It happened with my phone for the first time
Add a pin code and disable some pop ups like facebook messenger while in lock screen.
Cannot remove this app from my Galaxy S7. Keeps crashing when I try to remove from device administrator. Since I cannot remove the app as an administrator I cannot uninstall without a device reset.
I installed it on my HTC one M8 but I still get the HTC Sense lock screen. It doesn't seem to work.
Why do I see for a second a pinkish white screen when I swipe to my home screen on my G4? It's quite annoying
It will tell me that every time I try to add widgets the settings crash
Didn't work for me. Uninstalling is a pain,  but just look at the question mark arms it'll guide you thru it
Very good.
I installed it and it became device administrator. Now there is no way to uninstall it. It sucks... hangs my phone...worst app...
Whenever I try to deactivate the device admin for this app, the setting page reopens and it never gets unchecked ! Please help, I can't uninstall the app !!! ...... I've an oneplus x.
Im using lg g2 with stock lollipop and dynamic background isn't worked. Back when i had it in kitkat it works flawless. Dunno why but any fix will be much appreciated
Works well so far but every couple of hours the annoying "just dismiss this notification" notification shows up
Whenever any noification comes ,the screen fluctuats frequently... Pls fix it in next update..
I love the look of this app. As long as it doesnt kill battery I'm cool. I haven't seen any quick battery drop yet, but its beautiful in the way it is.
Please develop some apps with same interface for Call screen, music app and lock screen with pin :) . Anyway, its lock screen didn't work on my xiaomi ( default lock screen comes first :(  ]
Very polished and professional looking, regular updates, customisable, very very good. Can we get unlock sounds and full screen album / Spotify / podcast covers while playing... Quite important...
I'm enjoying using this, but now if I'm using my phone and I get a text message it will lock my screen and I will need to swipe again to continue using it. Any help in fixing that would be appreciated.
Just needs a better media navigation panel and the ability to view persistent notifications. Ie a flashlight notification so I can switch it off without unlocking the phone.
everything is good just add pin or pattern lock option. it is unsecure lockscreen
Please increase the area of widget.a lot of widget dont fit because of the square area.please increase the size of widget.overall its the best lockscreen.
"EXACTLY", mark my word, "exactly" what I was looking for and still no replacement found after using for more than 1 year. But no updates since a long time.
I really love this app. I just wish you can add a password such as a pattern as well; as an optional security measure. If you do, could you make it like the cyanogen mod one. Please
Weird with fingerprint reader and any other pin lock. Having to "unlock" twice. Very nice layout. Hope it works
time lags to update when I take a peek at my phone
Please add an option to set the brightness level as it effects our eyes at night.
It is not uninstalling from my mobile. Please help me. Every time I try my setting stop working. Please tell me the solution of this...
I'm currently using S6 edge plus and I liked this app a lot but it doesn't support fingerprint, because of that I to press my home button to unlock my device. PLEASE add a fingerprint Support.
When I'm in a call and I shut the screen off, when I open it back up it takes me back to the regular lockscreen.
I thin if you guys bring out of the system or a lock system as pattern or password or pin  it would be better to maintain the security system I didn't found any lock or any security system on it so please guys do this update
this app is great and is the best lock screen out there but I had go turn it off cuz it consumed way too much battery...  Hope you can fix this and make this app more battery efficienct, thnx
I really wish there was a way to put in a PIN on this app because if I want to have a PIN I have to go through 2 lock screens, I will make this 5 star if that becomes an option next update
I liked it very much. I would like to rate it five, if it have option to reply directly from the lock screen. Now I'm getting notifications to see on lock screen, but to reply it, I'm using finger print to open then responding.
It worked for me initially.   However,  no it does not.   In addition, i cannot delete this app.  The unistall button does not highlight for this app.
It's a virus. Once  you  install it it will never get Uninstalled forum your device until you reset it. Useless.
It requires Administrator permissions and once granted, you cannot deselect the app as the prompt "Unfortunately AcDisplay has stopped working" every time. Being an administrator app you cannot therefore delete the app!
Lock screen works great other than the fact that Dynamic Background works hardly at all. Other than that, works perfect. Please fix.
When I am trying to uninstall it to save some space, it doea not let me uninstall it. I've already tried deactivating the device administration but nothing happens.. Please, help!! Thanks a lot!!
But i can't because i can not deactivate the administration,when i tried to deactivate my System Option App was dying
Waking up of screen after taking phone out of pocket and wave to unlock has some problems, other than that the App is Awesome :D
I dont like the fact that it wont let me Uninstall the app. When i try the setting force stop shutdown.
This always on screen shows up after the lock screen. Should be the other way around..
This is the best lock screen. I love it. It makes my LG V10 more useful and a unique yet elegant design.
Please add some sort of security feature because it doesn't look good with other lock screens for me
When ever i try n uninstall it, playstore says deactivate this app before uninstalling it bcuz its a adminitrator or something like that... I would just like to know how to deactivate it on a samsung galaxy s3
But please make an option to enable the notification bar, or maybe add some other option beside the dialer and camera, i.e our own selected apps or something.. Thanks!
I am expecting the new version when all unread conversation become in form of the list not just the latest conversation. So we could read everything without open the conversation.
I would like to have option to disable AcDisplay lockscreen while charging, in order to use 3rd party charger lock screen, thanks so much!
It interferes with Smart Lock on a Android 5.0+, but otherwise it's great!
I don't like Samsungs this one seems better to me.
That is all. Loved it as a glance screen-like addition for Android
Doesn't support musixmatch player, screen flashes when a Bsnl message for last call charges is received
Absolutely great, been looking for something like this for a while, would be nice if the widget could be made slightly bigger. Works perfectly on my Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra on Android 7.0
Looks good, works good. Unfortunately has no security so for me is useless. If it can somehow work with fingerprint scanner and actually replace my lock screen then it will be an amazing app.
I am unable to uninstall it Whenever I try to remove it as it is my administrator , my settings menu crashes Please help
Please ADD the gestures features from the ROM as the proximity sensor hand wave and detect unpocketing is much better and accurate than this
Dear developer I'm unable to deactivated ur app from device administration. Please help me uninstalling.
This is a great app to have... A very beautiful but simple lock screen like the always on display from sumsung! Please update the app so I can hold that 5-star rating!
In did not uninstall... It hang my mobile and app manager didnot show the unistall option...  Its freeze..
Please fix the bug whereby the home button bypasses the lock screen. It is the most pleasant looking lockscreen I've use 'out of the box' so far.
After installing this app fingerprint sensor doesn't work. Need to enter the pin manually to unlock the device
Unlike other lockscreen apps, it doesn't try and replace your lockscreen, but works alongside it, only coming up when you've got notifications. It's an important difference and I like it.
I've found that it's using nearly 250 mb of RAM so unfortunately I had to disable it... If You can fix that issue it would be great. Thanks
Unfortunately unable to uninstall.Go to Settings &gt; Security &gt; Device Administrators and uncheck AcDisplay. You can now uninstall AcDisplay normally
Lockscreen has either solid or current background option. No real customisation possible.
Doesn't really work with Mi 5 running on miui 8
Add 1 feature double tap on screen to wake up your phone and i can't use double tap to sleep phone on any screen
But I would like ull to provide with an update where d status bar can b seen... As u know thts quiet essential...
When trying to add new widgets, the app crashes and returns to the home screen
Its a great app but a security option is required its needed and if its there dn this will be the best one.
And pls remove that notice on the staus bar. Its irritating me
On receiving USSD screen flickers and constantly drains battery. Lost 20% battery in an hour
heads up notifications are displayed  on lockscreen please fix this other wise everything works like a charm
This thing won't uninstall. I do not want it on my phone anymore but cant remove it.
I love the minimal design. It's amazing the app hasn't been updated in so long but it is working very well for now. I hope to see updates in the future
Can not even Uninstall it ... I tried to uncheck it from administrator but it freezes my phone and stop the setting
Really loved the functionality and it's minimalist design! However, I've noticed that the brightness of a display would increase briefly when Always On Display is active. Would be better if this is corrected!
Por favor pueden ponerle un pin o un lock pattern porque genera desconfianza tener el celular sin un código de bloqueo, de resto la aplicación es genial
It's a great app, I'm missing just one critical thing, it would be great if it would show the next upcoming alarm, like the default one does
It's very sleek but it's missing a lot of functionality such as the ability to see a call or being able to have a different wallpaper than your home screen.
It's a couple of days now that it doesn't show the notification icons anymore. Fix please!
Unique work but it hides notifications only for Whatsapp, for fb messenger it hides the text but shows the name. So need to be updated but i dont think that is going to happen, developer hasn't updated this app from ages lol.
Suggestion: Option to wake up the device with double tap or gestures. Overall, awesome application.
One of the best lockscreens available for android, looks minimal and very useful. One thing is that adding a pin is not yet available.
Please add a way to lock the screen with a fingerprint or password(PIN) and also remove the notification thats says "Ac display service active". Otherwise great app !
Awesome work devs with this app, but one suggestion, I would really want to put a different lockscreen wallpaper Instead of black or home screen wallpaper, kindly add that stuff as well to add a custom lockscreen wallpaper
Can you please add the lockscreen security option (pin, password & pattern lock). Then it will be simply a great app. I'm just waiting for your reply.
When I get a notification when it is locked, the screen will stay on, and stay active. I hope this can be fixed.
Would absolutely give this app 5 stars if there was any password/pattern/finger print support. Still an awesome app that is my primary lockscreen nonetheless!
PLEASE IT IS A BEAUTIFUL LOCK SCREEN BUT IF YOU CAN HAVE SOME KIND OF SECURITY IN IT THAT WOULD MAKE LIFE PERFECT .
Mehn its been 2 years since the last update i kinda love this app but please make an effort on updating and making it a very more useful app like adding a passcode or something
I'm using Galaxy S7 and was not showing my whatsapp notification icon when i get a message. This semi fixes it, but notification goes away after 5 to 10 seconds.   PLEASE MAKE IT STAY PERMANENTLY when in always on Display mode.  Also it makes forces me to use a pattern to unlock if notification goes away to unlock my phone instead of using the fingerprint...BS!  Please FIX.
This app is great! Weldone developers! I would just like if you add the feature to use lockscreen pattern or some type of a password if we want. Then it'll be the best! :)
I liked the app a lot but could you add a feature to where when it turns on it stays on until you turn it off like always on display?
Dosent work on my Nexus 5 when i pick it up. Works fine while taking it out of pocket
My block button isn't functioning but this app save my smartphone useful days.
This app taking Admin permission n not able to uninstall it... Kindly avoid this app
I cannot uninstall this app from my phone. It's so frustrating please help
Easily the best lock screen on the store. Would be better with a password option though.
It works great. Simple and elegant professional  design. I am using it along with a zooper widget. I would suggest to add feature for hiding content of specific apps even when not on secure. Great work.
loving the experience so fa. only concern is that alarms arent ringing no matter what options im trying. please fix :) (running on HTC one max stock 5.0)
This app is fantastic already but it needs something more, it needs more option of hanging the wallpaper of the lock screen. Not just homescreen's or a black wall but maybe from gallery??
This is a copy of the active display option witch is only on the Motorola devices but its better i liked what u did but next time try to design an app by using ur own ideas
Very minimal, very effective, and very beautiful, only one drawback is that it does not provide any lockscreen security
not working automatically after screen off we need to replacement lock screen like glance plus
Great app for minimilistic lockscreen for any android lovers but now I am faced with an issue that I can't uninstall the app due to administration permission the settings app crashes all the time i try to deactivate the admin for the app
Add the possibility to choose personal wallpaper like a photo and a security option like pin or pattern
I like the design , but what i dont like is the fact it cant lock our phone, please just add some lock feature (patterns,pins,fingerprint) other than that its just great
I csnt uninstall it. Even if I deactivate it, still doesnt uninstall. I  badly need space on my storage. How can I uninstall it.
Latest update has issues with music controls showing up on lock screen.
Can't get the double tap to wake feature to work I click it then try it it doesn't work
Love the app, but the ability to set it as a lock screen is meant to be secure, no matter if the pin or password options are easy to bypass, a lock screen is a lock screen. If there is no security it's just a screen.
It looks great, but why won't it let me use my fingerprint on my note 5?? It's secure, so what the heck.
The only thing I miss is fingerprint reading. It would be perfect if it supported that.
Would be nice if a feature could be added so that when you swipe to unlock it took you straight to the pin/pattern screen rather than to your lock screen(so you don't have to swipe again to unlock)
Notification pops up when Im using the phone. It should pops up only when it i snot in use.
Please add fingerprint recognition then I will remind the app. Because it needs a layer of security.
This App will not let you uninstall. Total mistake to get this App. You have been warned.
... I'd love to see a feature for a different wallpaper than the one from home screen. That would be great!
The notifications doesn't get dismissed even after you viewd the notification you have to dismiss it manually
I dont know why, when I locked my phone is doesnt appear seems buggy app.
Good app but i have some isue when notification occur the screen when on and will turn off if the timer reach 0 but after screen turn off the screen will turn on until i open the notification this is very annoying
Awesome lock screen app till now in the Play Store seen many videos for top 10 lock screen apps And 8/10 This lock screen app places it self on 1st position.WORTH IT!!thanks developers!
Notification from running timer doesn't display so have to unlock every time I want to check timer. Also, no ICE display. This is an important feature for me.
The music widget doest show up everytime even while playing music! Please update
I download it. And i can't Uninstall it. I went all the way through the setting. Still can't disable or Uninstall. Not recommended.
When a alarm rings the power button or the volume button doesn't work  .... 1st unlock and the dismiss the alarm ... Fix it .... Ever things else fine thanks for the awesome app
User interference is very good but I get active screen very few times when I shake my phone very hardly
I absolutely adore this app! I just wished it had better security, such as password or pin, to protect my phone from other people. Please add this and I will give 5 stars!
And I guess it is the problem which every Lollipop user is getting
If someone is near your device and you are not.......he/she could read the notifications.....thats the only con.......but if u leave that.....this app is awesome
Awesome lockscreen...simple and yet beautiful, apart from all the lockscreen and notification functions the ability to use custom widgets takes it even further..one of the best lockscreens in the playstore now.
This is the most usable ambient display alternative I've used. Thank you developer ;)  The pocket detection is on point. No noticeable negative impact on battery life.
Quite possibly THE best lock screen...but trying to us Chronus Weather widget but all of the widgets show up with a red triangle.
Good but missing ambient sensor detection like in OnePlus X when user waves thr hand above the screen the notification gets displayed. Rest of the app feature and looks are awesome..
I can't access my notification bar from this lock screen but from every other lock screen! Once you got this... This app is just amazing!!😍the best lockscreen app!
I loved this app soooo much, but the lack of active development is causing some crashes and few bugs. I wish it was taken care of.
An option to control the "Hide Notifications Content" for individual apps would be perfect. Then I'd give the app a full 5 stars.
Wave to wake works but sometimes, not everytime. If it works everytime, I'll surely give 5 star. That's the main reason i downloaded this app. Using samsung A5 (2016).
If I crashed as much as this app, my license would be revoked.
Only complaint is that there's no security options without doing a double lock screen but apart from that, just an all round great app
It is a great application, but it seems that the developer is not updating the app. It lacks security like pin/swipe. Please update this app, it's one of the simplest lock screen that i want.
i love this app but there's only one thing that bothers me, when i have a missed call it automatically unlock the phone if you can fix that would be nice
Simple & useful notification without unlocking the phone. Keep up the good work !
Love it, but it would be nice if I could use my fingerprint sensor to unlock the phone and not swipe first and THEN use the fingerprint, because if I use my fingerprint this app doesn't go away and I have to swipe to unlock afterwards
I want uninstall this App but cannot do so? Its asking me to Deactivate but cannot do so? How can I do this?
2 problems otherwise this app is perfect for a lockscreen - 1. Cannot keep a lock 2. Music player shortcut does not appear on lock screen
Where is security lock (Pattern, passcode, Password) hopefully I'll get it on next update...!!!! And it is Pretty impressive and performance as well as UI looks good.
Interferes with nexus imprint, Add portrait support for pixel c
There is no built in pattern and I have to unlock two screen which is quite frustrating.
(I have Samsung Galaxy s6 edge) Everything work excellent except that I can unlock it (other than normal) by pressing home button or multitask button. Can I have some help?
The proximity sensor sometimes it is working sometimes it is not, i just rate it 3 if you can help me with the proximity sensor feature maybe i will change my mind and rate it 5
i wanna uninstall the app.... it asks me to remove it from 'device administrator' and when i do..... 'unfortunately, settings has stopped'.... and this happens only for this app!
Tap your home botton and your phone will be unlocked😒😒 fix this bug to install it again
However wave to wake and timer on lock screen not working on mi4i.  a bit of a let down. Please give me a fix asap.. I love this soo much..
LG G4 , Whenever I try to add a new widget it crashes. Any fixes for this?
I can't desactivate it . i won't let me this is the worst thing that i have downloaded . tell me how i can fix it
I want to use ac display with picturesque lock screen. When I do use it,notification comes in Stock lock screen(which is not secured). No notifications in the other lock screen. I am opening two lock screens.
Not able to revoke the device administrator access. Want to uninstall it. Not able to revoke the granted access please notify me the procedure.
It won't work I enabled it and everything else but it didn't work please help
Whenever i press my physical home button nd recent apps button, it unlocks the phone. Can you please look into this bug because i really love this app..
Every time I set an alarm the app won't let me open my phone,  after the alarm stop I cant touch my phone anymore. Please fix it,  this app is really nice. thanks.
Chathead pops out on lockscreen. And home key can unlock also unlock it.
The app is extremely amazing and the UI is beautiful too, but anyone can access through my phone because there is no security.
When the alarm rings, the app stops working and needs to be turned off and on again
The active display is not working otherwise it's a great app.
Love this app! I've been using it for ages. Please add functionality for "always on" clock for amoled displays!
I suggest a lock pin or pattern at least.  Otherwise its ok been using it for a week now..  But i dont see myself using it for a long time.
Has anyone else noticed the battery draining faster since installing this app?
Can't uninstall! Set as a device administrator, can't seem to be able to deactivate it and uninstall the app.
When the app crashes, I reopen it to find that notifications aren't showing anymore
Looks very good and is functional. The wave over to wake screen doesn't seem to work well on my HTC One. But other than that its fantastic.
Makes fingerprint not work, requires pin because "device administrator locked has locked this device"
Please add finger print direct unlock without swipe!
Sometimes it doesn't light up when a message comes even though the quick Glance is on.
Why can I not uninstall this app?? It is impossible to do so. Please help
For some reason, application icon not displayed in lockscreen (when there's notification)...
Incredibly hard to uninstall and didn't really work as a lock screen.
Pressing physical home button bypasses lockscreen, causing unwanted unlocking in pockets.
The wave to wake feature does not work sometimes
This app also allows you to use "OK Google" without having your phone plugged in, or screen unlocked! Fastest quick draw ever. 😁
Love it except the music controls don't work to change tracks or pause - this is for 3 different apps (Pandora, Apple music, and  podcast app). Pls fix!
Error, media widget just work in the first time i turn off the screen
Don't know why is this happening now, used the app with no issues in several devices but it doesn't activate now. It doesn't list in app usage.
Active mode makes the power button useless.
After the update I have a lot of issues about rotate screen etc..
Been using this a long time now, works great and doesn't kill my Nexus 5 battery. Barely notice it in fact. Highly recommended.
Undoubtedly the best but there is a problem where missed call alerts don't show up in the lock screen when I get a missed call on honor 4x. Please help !!
Just one thing if I could keep the active display on for approx 1 minute instead of 25 second Otherwise it's a wonderful app
Finally got this app working appropriately and it works like a charm.  Would love yo see some further development for current and upcoming versions of android. But for now it will work.
Not enough words in my vocabulary to appreciate the beauty of this app.
The group notifications are not opened as smoothly as individual chats
I can not uninstall this app. How do i do it?
You have to jump through hoops to disable and uninstall this app. Not okay.
These many no. Of updates from the last 8 months and not the problem of having a security as been completed.  Try adding that one too. The app would be a lot more awesome.
Whats the point without the lock part? please add a password or something it will be five stars then
I was about to uninstall this app and suddenly, it stops when I want to deactivate from administration menu to uninstall
Most of the features in these app in donate is good to use. But a security lock for lockscreen is in demand. Please it would be more useful if a security lock is available
It would be so great if you added an always on feature just like in S7 and LG phones. Would give 5 stars 😉
I installed the app. It does not work! And I can not delete in now. I have tried everithyng!!!
I mean its ok ok... But doesnt work all the time.. I have ambient display tho
It's good overall but I do wish it would have a lock screen for security. I use this app sometimes but my main lock screen is Snap Lock because of the actual security.
Missed call notification not showing up in lockscreeen HTC one m7
Pressing home key bypass the ac display the app needs Home key blocking option.
On my Galaxy Note 5, app doesn't launch at all.
Had to deactivate it because my finger print scanner on my S6 doesn't work when it's active, everytime I opened my screen I was having to put my password in and now I can't even uninstall it???
I can't set a widget. It says "Unfortunately the process com.android.settings has stopped"
Thanks god u can doubletap to screen off while condition lock.
Please make such that when you unlock it, instead of the colors you would see the phone's display, like a transparent lockscreen, or like the wallpaper option that already is, or add a transparancy option to the colors....that would be awesome, and it would deservea 5!
But the baddest thing it doesn't concern password
The app is amazing but there is an lag between opening from locks screen and home screen display. Please fix it.
I really love every feature of it, but I want some security like password or pin to be added to this app. I think it'll be really awesome to have it in this application. Please add it.
I can't make out why the proximity sensor always get activated while the screen is locked. Do help. Else I'll gonna uninstall this app. Otherwise, it's a good job. Thanks.
I would give it 5 stars, but it doesn't have security lock, and I use the default one that doesn't mesh well with the great looks of this app. All in the rest, great work, love it!
Love the interface and would love to keep using it but it seems to be a battery killer. Going to disable for a while and will amend my review depending on results.
after download you can not delete this app off your phone
If I will use this app I can't be able to use my fingerprint sensor.
M unable to uninstall this app,i have switched to off to all the functions,still unable to uninstall it...
Please enable an option for analog clock also with Digital clock in the lock screen and Remove AcDisplay Services bar from notifiactions panel.
It'd be great if the lockscreen work as a lockscreen where i can use passcode or fingerprint to unlock, because after swiping my original lockscreen is still there
Need help ... It says need permission and im stuck with later and nothing what do i do?
Screen starts to flicker if used with an applocker like cm in lollipop.
I really like this app. But it need one more feature. A security option, like a pattern or pin code. If you add that I'll give this app 5 stars!
No torch No custom wallpaper Camera and dialer dont work when pin is enabled.
Waste of time!! Crashes every few minutes even after granting all permissions..
It's a fake app not at all work if you install to phone
Because it wont start working after turn it on whats the problem waste app
One drawback is that there is no lock screen wallpaper Not working with Nogut
Doesnt work on galaxy note 4 edge
What's the point of a lockscreen if you can't have a lock on it?
I do wish you could set a custom background, though.
Great app i m using in samsung edge phone its look dam good and its just need 1 more think only a security lock like fingerprint patten
The app is very cool and shows your notifications when received but the only problem is that it unlocks when i tap the home button or the multitask button is it suppose to be like that?!
Didn't work, tried to uninstall and it wouldn't, had to do a reset on three phone to uninstall it.
Really love it looks beautiful, it would be perfect if I can put a pattern or pin with the app instead of the built in lock but it's still great
Awesome app but plz solve that call screen problem
This app can't uninstalled.  Still running background while stopped.
The best lockscreen I have ever tried but sometimes on Android Marshmallow it doesn't work well and there are some bugs. Need an update
Yes , you guys have made an awesome app and it deserves to be given 5 star.All we need is more customization options
U are a mad genius , ok u took some inspiration from Motorola but still u did it awesome and even better than moto ..... U need is some theming option.
Only if this had an actual replacement to use as lockscreen to completely disable the one that comes stocked. Enable pattern lockscreen through acdispaly would be awesome feature
Otherwise no doubt its the best lockscreen+Notified app so far.
It probably one of the best lockscreen apps I've come across on play store, although a option to set a custom wallpaper would be amazing. Thanks.
Will give 5 star when they come with fingerprint unlocking. So that I can reach my homescreen directly without using my native screenlock
what is the procedure to uninstall or reinstall this app ?? I am unable to uninstall AcDisplay. need help
It is a very good aplication, but could be better, just like if you can apply your own wallpaper instead of the homscreen one
How do I deactivate?? I'm clicking on  the button but it doesn't do anything
Está muy bien la aplicación, solo que en aspecto de reproductor de música con la aplicación musixmatch no va lo de avanzar y parar, en spotify no va lo de avanzar la canción. En todo lo demás bastante bien, alguna vez se lía pero no nada grave
So sad, the app looks good but I can't fingerprint unlock my phone when this app is running (Samsung J7 Prime).
It is not a good app its harmfull your android device plzz dnt dwnld plzzzz
It's  OK, but it doesn't work that well with my rooted N5
This is the only lock screen app that had never stalled on my phone. The ability to place any widget on the lock screen and make it interactive was exactly what I wanted.
O aplicativo não funciona muito bem no meu aparelho, tentei desinstalar e não tem essa opção, não dá pra limpar o cache dele nem desinstalar.
Please add an option to block the home button under lockscreen settings... Except for this, it is the best notification and lockscreen app
Really like how it gives a minimal notification on your lock screen. Anyway you can turn off the background image? Recommend HIGHLY
Stay away from this app! Doesn't work well and once installed it is impossible to uninstall even when deactivated
Causes problems on rooted device. Stops working soon as i close the app
still waiting on secure lock features for the lock screen. would make this experience complete. Willing to pay!
There is a bug where I unlock my phone but while I'm writing a message the phone locks again like 2 more times_ Huawei Y5 II
It would be awesome if you add security features such as pattern or pin security options with the minimalistic design and clean, even if you charge for it I will pay for it!
Kindly clear notification bar from lockscreen.... I want full lock screen without notification bar....i want only time and battery status on lock screen bar but network is showing and hide... Kindly do fully hide network status...
I was wondering how to customize lockscreen using Widgets....You people have done a good work by letting us use zooper Widgets...
Good app. Any way, the lock screen feature is really unstable
Love this beautiful lockscreen. I'll never use another lockscreen again. However, I would like there to be some security features, with passwords, patterns, something. However, I do understand that its job is just to be minimal.
Wave to wake is not working properly in MiA1. Please sort the issue
This is the best lock screen I've ever used, when it decides to work. Which isn't too often
it will be better if you can do security pattern or pin code when message or phone is unlocked. like other lockers. thanks very much
The lockscreen's bypassable by home button... But I don't really care, because I have a seperate screen anyway, since this is a pseudo-lockscreen.
I needed an app which will actively display notifications and not drain battery and I've got it. Thank you so much!! Hope the lockscreen feature becomes stable soon!
Only irritating bug is when in Locksreen mode, a missed call unlocks the phone..
please add security (PIN, PATTERN) than it would be the best lock screen .
I know it may seem dumb but can you please add a pass lock from the app itself (I love the app but I also worry for my privacy😅 Its the only reason i dont use this as much as I should..)
Unable to install because settings crashes while disabling admin access.
Make your own lock security n remove the acdisplay services on status bar then i will donate your electricity bills😊
Best app of it's kind but one feature need to be added please add always screen on after wake up notification cause it goes back after Max 5 secs
I think you should add a switch button that let's you choose to turn off the home button bc my home buttons exits out of the lock screen and unlocks my phone so please fix.
I have an note 3 neo and when i press the home screen button it opens up the phone in lock screen mode and if i press it again it unlocks (happend in my pocket)
Don't download this app!!! After downloading, it doesn't work and thereafter you can't even uninstall it!
i am unable to uninstall this stupid app. plz tell me how to uninstall hated it
By time to time the acdisplay will shut itself when my alarm is ringing and I have to open it again
The screen locks whenever we make whatsapp calls.
Nice app,but please include custom wallpaper selection, and i am facing sleep of death issue with this app.my device working well with stock lockscreen.please fix this ASAP
I love this app alot but I figured the notifications on the lockscreen dont go away if I launch the notification from my panel rather than the lockscreen
brilliant, beautiful lockscreen. everything i ever looked for in a locker but PLEAASSSEEE allow for a security function!!! it will make this app perfect. i will leave 5 stars in advance :)
Using this app for ages, i loved the ability to add Widgets, but massively disappointed now. Doesn't function with Spotify, no lock code, please please please fix.
Excelent app ! i use it as my lockscreen, i would give u 5 stars if the Home button (hardware) doesnt close AcDisplay
Bien Se han arreglado los bugs me gusta ^^
i cant move away from other app but please update this with a quick reply from the lockscreen pleaseeeee
It crashes every time I try to uninstall it. Warning!! Don't make it a device administrator!!!
Please add the lock with pin and pattern option! And also the option to customize wallpaper :)
Should add an option for password so it can be used as a replacement for lockscreen. Would be really awesome if it had that. Other than that it's a super application.
Would have loved ot but everytime i wan to change the widget theres an option saying settings closed
Muy buena....de nada me puedo quejar es mucho mas mejor que el de los motorola ya que cuenta con animacion de desbloqueo y espero que en un futuro sea identico al lockscreen de android marshmallow y se desbloquee como tal  :D
Better than expected at such a small size.. does the job extremely well... Could be better if there was an option to add lockscreen wallpapers
I wish it had the ability to set a PIN, but I really like the feel it gives off. Just wish I could get rid of the notification bubble.
Add security! Looks very weird with the native pin code
Why do not u update such a nice app.
This is Very Very Awesome App... Thank To You Developer ... I need Some Chnages In Your Next Update.. Wacth Style like S7 Edge and S8 Digitel Style...
Loved it!! Please keep developing this. Just some minor issues with stability.
Pleaseee help me to delete this app i dont want it in my phone
It does not launch when we start using power button
How do you take this stupid app off my phone
Everything was fine except one thing. If i touch my right capacitive button then lock screen is gone.. !😒
How can i deactivate this thing? I hate this application... It's annoying... It is not deactivating.. Normally...
Just a quick question. Does this have a lock? Like Can I add a pattern or pin using this app?
worst app and after installing this app doesn't uninstall. please don't  install it
Is there a way to set a pin lock from the acdisplay settings? I don't want to go in my phone settings, then lock screen, and set it up from there. That'll just make my phone have 2 lock screens. The acdisplay, and the pin lock one.
Please come back and update this app! So many people love it and wish it was still supported!
I love the app, but please add pin/pattern/fingerprint to unlock! I would love to use this to replace my lockscreen &lt;3
This is one of the best lockscreen for me so far...But can you please add security like pattern or pin...then it will be perfect.
This app has security issues with Note 5
I tried uninstalling it!! It's said to deactivate administrator permission. But I unable to do it!! It's annoying!!
Please add lock for status bar and hotkeys.. When i swipe to open camera or dialer from bottom corners, i can press home and get tu main screen.. Btw. please add pin lock.. Thank You
It was great but since last update the notification symbols don't pop up when it's on.. If you could fix this I'd appreciate it. Thank you.
I can't uninstall it...can you please advise? Doesn't work on edge 7
Some notifications duplicate while in the lockscreen. For example, Twitter creates to notifications, Messenger creates dozens. While Spotify doesn't have any notification. Please fix this, it's a good app.
I do love this lock screen compared to my old, stock android one, if only there was a camera shortcut on the lock screen... (Please add a camera shortcut! :)
It doesn't work for me, and now I can't even uninstall it, come on, pretty bad app
Looks very interesting but sadly I can't add widget, Everytime I click on add widget I get error message that settings has stopped
Super! The lockscreen is unique in its own way but I wish it would have been better if it had fingerprint support also.
this program so bad she does not removed from any phone
Pressing home button twice unlocks too, but that's not the purpose of the app. Please fix, you already have access to notifications and device administrator. Also I have root access and xposed.
I love this app the only problem is, it takes much RAM. Even recommended this to my friends and they loved it. Thumbs up!
I am unable to remove it from my phone its stuck!!
I have a s6 edge+ and I can't use my fingerprint. I click the home button and it exits the app then goes to my default Lock screen. Please fix
The app is great for personalisation, would give 5 stars if there was unlock animation on my samsung galaxy j7.........developers,  do check my prob.
Remove bar from notification panel and  change the clockscreen position like top,middle,bottom. Otherwise very good app. I like it.
quite nice to see my notifications right away, also the best lockscreen design I've seen. keep up the good work!
It's so well designed, Thank you to the developer! Please continue to work on it, it truly makes using my phone so much better
Doesn't seem to work seamlessly with lockscreen. I have to swipe once on acdisplay and then once on system lockscreen. 5 star if you fix this!
Takes over your phone in ways I didn't anticipate.
One of the best lockscreen i have used. Is there anyway to add separate wallpaper for lockscreen?
My phone hasn't gotten this hot. Ever
Proximity sensor will not working while making calls and received calls
But if would be nice to have different wallpaper in lock screen , not the same in home screen... So please change it in the next update... By the way... thanks
In samsung devices (note 5 ) when the display turns on the buttons light up.Pls remove it.
Can't uninstall it.. As soon as I try to deactivate it as device administrator,  settings crashes .
How to uninstall in this app? I dont want to use it.
It's very bad it has no use for our phone.
It would be soooo cool if it had something of security, like...disabling my security and having acdisplay own security...something that would go with the UI :) add a security pin to it and I'll ad 5 stars :)
Me gusta la aplicación pero cuando apago la pantalla se enciende un Led rojo que me molesta, no se puede quitar? Es por defecto de la aplicación?
Nessun problema,ogni volta che cambio un telefono é sulla mia lista dei download se non il primo,complimenti,continuate cosi
Please don't install this app. its is not an app but virus. The app had taken device administrator permission. After that it disables admin privilege for me. We can't activate or deactivate device administrator rights. We can't uninstall this app. Only option left is factory reset.
Fix the facebook messenger popup problem.
I cant delete it. It just magically appears
How do i deativate. This app is also stupid
I can't uninstall this app,  and every time i try to uncheck from administrative permission it fails dose not want to leave me phone.
Can't see a single notification, nor can I remove apps from the blacklist, therefore this app is rubbish to say the least.
It would be awesome if there was an always on mode. So when you turn your phone of it will turn and stay on when not in use.
One thing is missing..  The Pin/Password protection is needed
Can't unlock my Pixel with the fingerprint scanner when active mode is on...
Not able to uninstall this app. Became default device app
Muy buen Locker, pero sin poder colocar PIN pierde uno el interés en una app así... aun cuando el/la creador/a te diga que no sirve de mucho.
Music controls not working with Spotify
Only thing missing in this app..else it Rock
There should be a glance feature when swiped on the proximity sensor..
The app works great but I miss only 1 feature... Raise to wake.... Is it possible to add it here... If so this is the best app in the category
Please add customized wallpaper for lockscreen.  As currently it either uses homescreen wallpaper or solid background.  There is no separate option to  set wall for lockscreen only
I am not able to get notification on lock screen
I cant use the power button feature please help
The app is a v good concept but it crashed too many times and requires restart.  Requires  bug fixes
It would be best if you could make unlock with fingerprint and / or 4 digit pass code
I hate it
I really like the simplicity.  But i cant find the option to put a pass code.  Whats the use of a lock screen with no security?
how dyou delete it because i cant get rid of it now
This app will perfect if you add some scurity like pattern or pin . keep it up. im waiting you replyy ^^
Fingerprint scanner not working with AC display.Fix it 5 star ❤
Hacked my phone and put ads all over my screen
if only google release api for lockscreen, I'll definitely replace native lockscreen app with this. the only reason I'm not using this app is duplicate lockscreen (this and default lockscreen)
So far so good. But I'd love it if the lock screen mode is not a beta content anymore.
hello. i love your app. however how do i remove the static notif of AcDisplay services is running in my notif drawer?
Takes forever to remove...is this some malware etc...
Needed to avoid overlapping alarm and phone apps.. Uff
Please add option to turn on/off capacitive backlight. I don't like to see the capacitive backlight on when there are any notifications.. It also saves a battery. Plz add this option.
Works as described. Is there any way to remove the persistent notification?
Sooo love it but can you please make the clock move to.other places on the screen soo it doesn't  burn the amoled please!?
The design is literally inspiring and the code is so organised. This inspired me to make my own minimal lockscreen. Thank you AChep :)
Superb app! I know the lock screen is still in beta testing but I would actually like it to have a pin,pattern, and fingerprint  for the supported phones
It would be so much better if it had an option for separate wallpapers for home and lock screen other than choosing the same wallpaper automatically.
I've been clear all notification from status bar, but when i lock the screen, some notification in lockscreen still show, and 1 more, need button to clear all notification in the lockscreen, so don't need to swipe down 1 by 1
Just love this app. Shows all the notifications in a minimalistic manner. Wave to wake feature is also awesome...
Not working and cantik not uninstalled... I'm sick with this apps
Não vi melhor que esse. Além de ser um Locker lindo e interativo ele notifica. Apenas falta ter como colocar senha no Locker.
Its awesome, but sometimes when i turn on the screen it stayes for 1 sec then my screen goes off!! Plz fix it....
The only thing is that lockscreen should have a bit more stability...and please remove a.c. display active message from notification panel
Simply amazing but one thing, please I need put my own shortcuts not phone or camera only, I will appreciate it
Why I can't remove this app from my device?.... This is insane
1 star for the worst way to uninstall an app. Ever.
Is there a way to show the fingerprint reader to override the lockscreen on this? Seems I have to swipe the lock screen away before using fingerprint reader on nexus 5X.
Please guide how can uninstall this app.
The wave to unlock feature doesn't work on my phone.....please fix it in the next update
Not Uninstalling. Deactivate problem force stopping settings
Love the notification one, but the lock screen is the best feature in this. The developer should consider make security / passworded lock screen though.
It doesn't work for Nexus 6 with Marshmallow update
ISSUE! All notifications are shown except for Facebook notifications. Please fix!!
Works as it should but I'd like the feature to wake up when I pick up the device when its laying flat too.
Works as it should, breaths new life into my long in the tooth S3. Great job guys!
There is a bug when I lock the screen the screen locking sound comes six times please improve it. Then I will rate five stars
Unable to disable it from Admin settings. Settings keeps crashing
App won't unistall from My device even after restarting in safe mode!!!
This is a must have on any new phone I purchase. Solid performance, minimal battery usage, and it works flawlessly.
Can't deactivate in order to uninstall.... Have to factory reset my phone.. Terrible....
Everything works just fine, as it should! Design is beautifull and well-considered! Just make option "disable Home button on lockscreen" and it will be perfect!
Please please please improve wave to wake up option
Very nice app. If you make the corner shortcuts customizable to open any app or activity, it'll be perfect (and so will be the rating :)
Lock screen does not rotate. Otherwise good app.
Just one complaint, there is no password option
Is there any way to disable unlocking by home button on Samsung devices. Plz add security features too in order to make this awesome
tried to use as a lock screen. couldn't get back into my phone afterwards. nothing I did helped. had to restart the phone to gain access to it.   And the app refuses to release its administration privileges for me to uninstall.   do not install.
Hi! Thank You for an amazing app. Please add an inbuilt screen security lock option also, that would compliment and complete the app perfectly.
Consume too much battery  & My mobile over heat's
App is very very useful and good but one thing is we can't choose lockscreen wallpaper for our own choice..
Dies not have always on display feature
Simple, stable and smart. This lock screen make massive notification looks clean. If you are looking for a lock screen to replace your stock lock screen, you must try this!
This is the best lock screen ever! Recommend this for every Android user! I just wish there was a custom pin or pattern lock screen to go with it and for that I give I a 4/
Sucks. I can't get rid of it now. What a pain in the @$$
Samsung has hardware buttons and when on locked state with screen on, pressing menu/recent unlocks it. Good work on home button though !
The lockscreen becomes blank sometimes with just only the app icons displaying. Is there a fix for this? Running Android 6.0.1 on Galaxy Note 4.
It's very good, though I've noticed a little bug. If I press the home button on the ac display lockscreen, it opens the default lockscreen.
Urge la posibilidad de agregado una seguridad; pin, patrón o contraseña
I am not able to delete this app
It's awesome indeed. But please add a feature to turn screen on when I pick it off the table, like the ambient display feature!
No updates since 2015 :(
Had some problems with the app permissions but managed to get it to work
The app breaks motodisplay because it overlays it.
Over all its a good app only thing lacks is password for lock screen if u add it would be awesome
If I'm wrong, I'll change my review to 5 stars, but is there a passcode functionality? That shouldn't be much to ask for
Do download it for it will make you feel great. Always works never fails, along with many features. Best app for notifications.
This app don't work for my lg g2!
This app doesn't let me uninstall it, it has an issue with administration activation and it doesn't let me turn it off so I can uninstall it and the developer doesn't respond it's wasn't what I expected from so I want to uninstall it.
Allow us to a) Always listen for motion, even when not charging, b) pull down the notification bar and c) specify corner shortcuts for apps. Thank you!!
This Is bullshit
Doesn't display notifications properly. Xperia Z5
It really needs to get a pass code option for the lock screen option but other than that is an amazing app
It is the perfect lockscreen app.. I recommend all of my friends to use it... I just wish i could use a different lockscreen wallpaper other features are perfect!!
my display constantly turns on when seating on passenger's seat while I'm driving so how can I adjust the settings to prevent it??
Everything is working well on Huawei Ascend Mate 2
Not sure what I missed but I can't Uninstall  this dang thing. Help
I loved it though. Uninstalled.
Best lock screen so far. Looks great in material design, shows a music widget abs everything you need.
Proximity sensor very inconsistent on the Nexus 6
Still unable to control music player
I love the app. Its a must try. Its only downside is that it has NO lockscreen with code, pattern or password. But otherwise its a great app.
It dosent work on my Sony Aquos device tho and i will rate 5 because this is still beta and it works on my other phones and tablets
Best notification app over the locked screen,  we can only set one widget through this app that might be the concern , but it works greatly.
How come i am not able to uninstall this app ?
Love the minimalistic approach.  The active view feature is the best. Sometimes a bit buggy though.
My quick glance setup error, running android nougat 7.0 samsung galaxy note 5 original rom
Locksreen when activated snoozes alarm clock
doesnt work with spotify and some music players
very strange sittings not easy to work it out
It's something I'd use but please disable home button or add option too. ⭐⭐⭐for now, will keep but not use till updated.
home button override locker no work around
If you make Active Mode more sensitive this app will be perfect and I'll definitely rate 5 stars once it's improved.
Thanks sir I am very happy because this app custimazie my mobile one more thanks
Completely useless. I can't even deactivate it
I cannot uninstall for some reason... It won't even let me deactivate device administration... I have no other overlays or apps drawing over so I'm not sure how to uninstall...
if I add widget the time and battery percentage was gone only the chosen widget will appear. My phone is 4.2.2 Android version.
Please add a 3x3 lock or a pin lock! Also can you make the distance you have to swipe shorter... So we don't have to swipe as far for it to unlock!
I love how the app is functional, convenient and above all, minimalistic. :)  Added functionality for custom lockscreen wallpaper, security, and fingerprint would be very nice!
Awesome app - loved active display feature. I wanted to know what sensors does it use to wake the screen when using active display feature.
Worse.
Just got a new phone and had to download this, as I love the simpleness of the app. The notification previews on lockscreen is a bonus too!
The home button still closes AcDisplay when it's set as phone's lock screen. please fix it on the next update! thanks!
Why cant i make it a permanent lockscreen?!
I liked this to much and pls add some security like pass,patterns or pin to make it 5 Good Job!
New note 5. All permissions granted. Soft reset didn't fix. Won't act as lock screen either.
It won't allow me to remove from phone, stupid app.. Can you please deactivate so I'm able to uninstall
Really good work. Only one suggestion, make it a proper lockscreen app. Add security features of it's own. It is really amazing.
A bit delay for some reason
Useful app to have and does a good job. There haven't been any updates for long .Finger print integration would be great
I cant turn on device admin. What is a problem.
It's the best alternative to Moto Active Display. Although motion sensor does not work as in Moto X Play but still it's good.
Works great does what it says. No ads and even has xposed module built in for deeper hooking in the system. Great job developer.
Its really a cool app, would have give 5 star if there is a secure lock! Please add this feature too.
Using Redmi Note 4G with Resurrection M Rom
Works well, but I would like to see theming for non-stock devices and support for unlocking from fingerprint.
The lock screen won't change with android Marshmallow. But other than that, its a good lock screen alt.
Worst app! Not even getting uninstalled
Works well on the Note 4.  Missed this feature when I switched from the Moto X. Works great with Gravity screen.
Its very nice and works well but plz let me know how to disable device administrative option in orde to uninstall it
i am a fan of your ac display, but i feel that the present unlocking animation isnt good enough, you should add a marshmallow or lollipop unlocking animation
Please make it so we can set a custom wallpaper; one separate from the homescreen
It is a really great app but only i feature left that a screen lock you should provide a pattern or pin to unlock the device
It'll be the perfect lock screen application if it would have a lock screen with a password or pattern option. Please Include this in the next update
It required permission dn't know what to do??? Plz guide
Add ability to set lockscreen wallpaper(other than homescreen wallpaper)  Add fingerprint support  Ability to remove the cloudy effect
I love this except for the fact there is no security option to it. Is there any way you could add this in the future?
Music widget not supported on jelly bean 4.3
Its imposible to uninstall, dont do as it say
Add option to wake up as we pickup the phone...
Screen always remains in landscape mode. No change if I make any change in rotation on my Samsung device
Relatively simple settings and no in app ads only donation for developer budget in maintaining the app.
It's a beautiful app design, not well secured, but Please include a way to auto dismiss the notifications after opening them
It won't appear most of the time when I get notifications. It also won't let me use finger print sensor and asks for pin
The material design is really nice but please add the lockscreen security and also when in lockscreen if i press the home button the lockscreen unlocks automatically...please fix this... apart from that this app is nice...
Switched from Next to this and Im very happy. I love the minimalist style. Works great on my Huawei ascend mate 2.
Doesnt allow me to uninstall.
Hey, this looks very nice however I don't know how to exactly set this as my lock screen. Help?
Doesnt work on my Vodafone smart prime 7...only test mode works but actual notification don't turn display on
Love it,  will give it 5 if you add a password, PIN or something to it.
Can't uninstall. Would not have reviewed otherwise.
Works great but why is it a constant running notification there should be a way to disable if you want to see that and have it not pop up
How can you change the wallpaper bcoz it is having a dark background when I open it which I don't lyk.. .
Really useful, great app, I like all the features of the app especially the notification displayed when the phone took out from the pocket
We want direct unlock by fingerprint sensor....Why sliding? Please give an option to off it
What's wrong with people nowadays this app is perfect soooooo ssshhh with the put downs
Balance notifications after a call makes screen flicker, please fix this  and you guys deserve 5 stars...
Please add support for fingerprint unlock when using as lock screen. Then it's a solid 5 stars.
I have installed in my Lenono Vibe P1m, but its not working. The app is not getting any administrator rights.
Please add quick reply...edit:no quick reply yet and no finger print suport
It would lime to Uninstaller this app from my phone because it doesn't work but all I can do is deactivate it great app
But this would probably be my go-to lockscreen app if you guys integrated a pass code and/or PIN feature.
Won't work for me and won't let me get rid of it
Cannot unistall from phone!!!
Everything's  perfect... But a suggestion,please add an option to enable the widgets to be on the middle of screen,when there are no notifications.
Fingerprint unlock on hardware-supported devices is the only feature missing.  Developers - get that integrated and this would be a flawless app.  Waiting for it.
Vaporware. Instabilities on newer os/devices
This f... is hate my phone.
I would definitely give it 5 stars if the lockscreen would be password protected. Please include it in the next update
Great app! But it would be awesome if - profile picture would appear as   background for WhatsApp messages - inbuilt lock/patterns system
✔ Smooth Animation ✔Great Concept ✔Doesn't drain battery. This is what i've been looking for! I really like it! Great job guys! 👍😁
I had to restore my phone to default factory settings as it wouldn't let me deactivate AcDisplay as the device administrator.
Now I can't uninstall it!
I really love this lockscreen. It's simple and efficient. But for some reason i can't remove the vibrate when i unlock it.
So clean and so so beautiful. Add in the option to set a passcode and the ability to set a wallpaper to any image I like and it'll be perfect!
It doesn't support music control. Please add that I'll give you 5 stars.
I'm installing this on every phone I own but one thing is can I use custom wallpaper instead of home screen wallpaper?
One of the best apps I have ever used would be way better of the lockscreen had fingerprint support to unlock after swiping I'm just in love with this great work!!!!
but it will be more good if i can make other wallpaper n icon phone n camera in corner like lollipop lockscreen
I will give five star if add feature such add wallpaper from gallery instead using wallpaper from launcher
Works OK but there are no security options whatsoever, and there's a permanent notification about AcDisplay Services that can't be removed.
Could you make wave to wake a little more sensitive it never wakes from a wave for me also could you add a pickup gesture to wake
Phone was not working properly because of this app
But, i must agree with the others that you should add security lock, and remove the lockscreen notif bar. Good Job ;)
I would give this 5 stars but i cant Unistal the application, iv stoped the service and deactivate everything and nothing, please fix
This apps suck impossible tout inustall
This app sucks mobile settings. Hello admin can you please tell me how to uninstall this application as it was showing administration.
Cool but the only problem with this app is that it has no security feature...pls change it in the next update so i will rate it 5star...
I really liked this lockscreen app, it's modern, simple and functional, however it must have a pattern or pin lock.
Great app but have some issues with Samsung fingertips,  after some time it forces you type the password
Lock screen permission not complete on my device users status not working on my device.. how to fix it?
Doesn't even work.. Notified just once
I loved this app. It has good features for notifications and music. But add pin lock system for privacy and saftyness.
how to uninstall it... i tried almost everything...
Its a nice app good minimalistic and all but there is virtually no way to uninstall this price of crap. Fix this and I ll give 5
Sometimes softlocks my phone and I have to do a battery pull to fix it :/ other wise it's an amazing app
Whenever i use this app,in a day screen flashes sometime when i recieve any notification. I want to use this app so please fix it.
Love the new animation.. It can have more options in customization
man ....nice...i hope you have option to remove the clock setting coz i wan a clear view of my live walpaper
Awesome app, I highly recommend this to anyone. I wish though it ran a little smoother in so areas, but since this app is a kickstarter app, its forgivable.
This app really is the most beautiful I've used. I try out loads of lockscreens available but I always return to acdisplay. I really recommend this app!
Everytime the phone is unlock we have to use use pin to unlock. Please solve that !
The day I figured out you could place widgets on the lockscreen was the day I chose ac display and never looked back.
But I have a question, is there an option to set a password for the lock screen?. If there is I would appreciate the info.
Very nice display... Unlock animation is super... Notification handling is best... But a little buggy 😕😕
It's simple, clean, and easy to set up. Best way of displaying notifications on lock screens in my opinion.
I love the app I don't know why it has stopped showing notifications please fix it I because the app has started crashing a lot
I have to open the app constantly for using it... Kindly request u to help me out
Please add pattern or pin protection as well. That's all I'm missing. Nice UI although. 👍 but add security please.
This is outright the best active display there is.
Doesn't let me uninstall
It is good app but still in beta updates and requires other  features too..! Developer's plz respond to the reviews
Stock Android like looking pattern and pincode capabilities will make it becomes complete, but I still love it
As tody all phones have fingerprint reader so add support to read fingerprint.
Cant deactivate cant uninstall :( never worked! Not even the notification the app sent...idk what went wrong.
Cannot deactivate or uninstall, okay so this app first of all didn't worked out for me and now when I want to uninstall it, I can't.
I only wants your elegant lock screen so do a lock screen app and remove the stupid status In the  notification bar
All I need u guys to do is have a pin or pattern password option other then that best lockscreen ever
Has a very simple, proffesional looking design and userfriendly navigation. Should be the default lockscreen on any smartphone.
doesn't work, device admin not registering
can't use as lock screen on my fire pad, because i have no way to turn on  usage stats :(
I want to see this App as a real Lockscreen replacement 👍
I luv the app... But I'm not getting notification popups on my lockscreen at all.. Please fix
Now after the update the digital clock doesnt work anymore. Fix it please
Doesnt work... Keeps on disconnecting
Just doesn't work on my phone.
Awesome. But as said it does not work well with stock fingerprint lock. Rest beautiful...
Every update makes this app better. A suggestion for improvement : include lock screen security in the form of an access code.
I hate it cause i can not uninstall it
Spy software cant uninstall it
If the wave to wake is faster than now, this will be perfect..
Cần cập nhật cho màn hình luôn sáng và có khung tròn khi thông báo
Please make it no time off to changes between clock and notification. And make it clock moves is more great. Thank u
My alarms and tts notifications do not sound while screen is locked. Running LG G3 Lollipop
Need some updation like rotet on screen and more clock option and colour font function like Samsung always on
I really love this. I cannot adapt to others screen lock application. It really great. Ive tried to use another but i cant.
After last night circle animation not working please fix these problem and add some security please do fast
If only this app actually locked the screen, there are no settings for pin or pattern locks
But help me I can't see the setting in this app
The lock screen are awesome but can you give the new feature like pin or pattern for secure the privacy thank you
I need to delete this and I've went to my administration setting and it won't let me .it force closes . How do I delete please
Everything is great.i only have one request.When the screen gets turned off it should get locked at that instant
Great design and stylish way of showing notifications, but please add an actual lock screen with pattern, pin, etc...
Fixed.
Just downloaded it. Hopefully this beta version doesn't have too many bugs. Love it so far!
Why the hell the app is not working after giving all necessary permissions on Lenovo vibe p1
Not working!!!! On my gionee it doesn't work
Dont download this app. It will not let you delete it , if you choose to.
Can you please add in support for 4.2.2 Jelly Bean?It looks amazing but it wont work...
It's great, I just want to be able to change the background with something else that's not black or my homescreen
Worst app can't even unnistall
Please include the option for setting the lockscreen wallpaper separate from the home screen wallpaper in your next update. Brilliant lockscreen app!
Active display wakes the device without showing the music player if music is paying
That's a horrible app
I hate it
Great! Add pattern lock and make it 5 stars! PS. also sms notifications are not pushed on huawei ascend p7.
It doesn't allow uninstalling.
SIMPLE AND FAST BUT NO LOCK PATTERNS OR PINS BUT OVERALL ITS GREAT!👍
It won't work idk why
This needs better optimization with Spotify on the lockscreen. Then I'll give 5 stars. Otherwise, great app!
But I could have given it 5stars if it had supported the screen rotation as I love it on my tab
It would have been better if it had its own pattern lock or pin lock instead if using system locks
congruent with my personal aesthetics. extremely clean look, perfect notification preview, by far the best locker i've come across.
Saves time by given you all the notifications from the lock screen. Simple. I wish it had a Tasker integration.
But fix the home button unlocking...5 month later. And no fix yet....
Its a beautiful app but can you please add an 'Always On' option without a time limitation! Thank you👍
Please add a security feature, currently i would have to go through 2 lockscreens.
I loved how I can use it as a lockscreen but you should add a password, wallpaper picker. TY :)
Still buggy, sometimes it doesn't show up. Or need to unlocking it twice before showing the native lockscreen
Please add an option to add widget(s) without necessarily removing the clock widget present by default... Otherwise its awesome
If the size of the clock and the notification can be modded to fill the screen of a tablet, this would've been really good
since there are lockscreen feature, why dont you add password feature for support that lockscreen? btw. this is cool apps.. i like it
And it would be nice if I could set the timer to be active even if there are no notifications
Please check Nokia 808 or nokia n8 sleeping screen app and make same app like that for android amoled displays
If this app could have security for the lockscreen of some sort, it would be the best in its class.
This is still my Number One notification handler. It would be perfect if it could use amoled always on ..
Such a good lock screen app :) Hope an update brings a password option though :)) Good job!
Love it. Minimal, stylish, use it all the time now. Greatest lock screen (that's what I use it for) I've encountered.
Can you add a security pins or pattern? Because this is the best lockscreen I ever had.
Unable to add a pattern or pin to unlock..
I can't uninstall this app. Hate it.
Couldn't be happier with it!
Option to change the color of lock screen, option to unlock phone with fingerprint even when acDisplay is flashing on lock screen.
awesome app keep it only suggestion is maybe finger read lock so not everyone can open my phone
I will give 5 stars when you update the next version with lockscreen pattern or pin
I'd love it even more if it had more security options like a pattern or a PIN, but great work
The app is great with its UI and design... Size is affordable and love to unlock screen with it
Please improve the compatibility.
Would really like to see the option for multiple widgets or at least the clock and date displayed as well as the widget on the lock screen
Would appreciate if a security code is added to unlock the screen.
When we are listening to FM radio and the phone locks the signal from FM radio gets disconnected. Pls fix.
It won't let me uninstall or deactivate what do I do?
Please fix this. What's the point of using a lockscreen when you can press home button to unlock
It would be perfect if the lockscreen had the option of adding a password
Love this app! It's the only one I ever use for my lockscreen! Please please add a lock feature!
I've been looking for this app for a while. Works perfectly on my phone, simple and yet efficient
Bit delayed sometimes, but overall it's amazing. Best minimal lockscreen ever
Really like it but cant use fingerprint to unlock so have to remove
Wonderful option for people who want a less cartoon like lockscreen/notification option. Especially LG and Samsung users like myself.
Please put up the password, pin or pattern lock to this app.love this app. Its great. Thanks developers ...
One of the very best and simplest lock screens out there!
I can't uninstall it without changing device administrators, and it won't allow me to do so.
Not like other lockscreen apps. It is smart simple and beautiful. But needs more stability!
Please add screen lock feature and home blocking option.
Useless and can't uninstall    why can't I Uninstall it
Please allow us to use finger print sensor or something to provide security measures
As a lockscreen, its design is amazing but lacks security, although I could lock my apps.
Great app, very useful. Be nice if security was added to the lock screen (pattern, etc.)
Please add these options as i am using this as my default lockscreen.
It always force my settings to stop when deactivating in device admin. Help me?
How can I delete this app... this is not working in.my device nor getting uninstalled. Please help. Me
Confusing application.
Once you install the app out won't let you deactivate it from being a phone admin. Please don't install this app!
This is a great app but my one and only concern is that when playing music most of the time does not show the music widget
Maybe you should add a pin lockscreen... Don't you think it's a good idea?  Hope you can do it...
Really nice looking and simple and useful, but just like everybody we want it as a lockscreen replacement
Nice app but pressing home button wud take directly to the home screen without unlocking through this app.
perfect but it does not support fingerprint unlock..... otherwise awesome...
Please make Home-Screen Launcher like this Lock-Screen. And add simple menu button, like simple line and Micro-Box on center of simple line.,
But it needs to add pattern or pin lock after circle animation unlocks.
I find it a bit dim on my Nexus 5. Otherwise an amazing app.
I love that this is so minimal. I've been looking for a lock screen like this for ages however it needs PIN entry to be great.
This app sucks I had to hard reset my phone just so I could get rid of the app
I have tried 1000s of lockscreen app but atlast i finally found acdisplay .keep updating
The developers all ready explained why there isn't a pattern lock feature in the app just read the help section
Wow, fabtastis app simple yet very effective notification 4stars would be 5star if it came with a finger lock ...
When i try to uninstall app says deactivate when i try to deactivate nothing but same
Not good for phones with finger print scanner
I can't uninstall it,,it does'nt work
Try to press button to wake but screen stays black
This app is really nice, but it should have the option to change the background wallpaper to another that you want!
Test notification completely different with the real one
What stoner thought of this? Horrible.
Please put in a pattern lock or any security feature. I love this interface but it can't replace my stock lock.
Can't uninstall(can’t click disable device admin button)
Please add Pattern and pin lock with the app.. and an option to set specific picture as background
You should add clear all notification button. I think, it will really useful. Overall. Great app!
Not responsive..when I pick my phone after 5 to 10sec the time shows on screen.. Sometimes it don't..plz fix the bug..
Add double tap to wake up
I put this on my Samsung galaxy s6 edge, didn't like it & now I can't uninstall it.
No option to uninstall
Great app but when I have my fingerprint enabled it won't unlock by just using my fingerprint I have to swipe then use my fingerprint
Lock screen is not working fine
Wonderful app, but can't add widget more than one, just one widget shown on lockscreen, please allow more widget..
Will give 5 stars if lock screen protection was introduced.... But overall awesome design and functionality..
Add brightness control, improve notification content fading animation, proximity sensing, enable pattern lock
Cannot Uninstall this app
App didn't work now I can't uninstall it!!!  WTH!
didnt work for oppo r9s
When I am pressing home button its just going home.
Please add pin after we swipe to unlock the screen, and make the unlock animation more smoothly
Everything is so nice and well made, however I do wish there was some sort of security feature.
Very good alternative to Moto X's notifications (and better than the Dynamic Notifications, plus it's free)
I really like this app you are a great developer and you have great ideas keep it up :) sincerely Delray from Malaysia
the only lock screen that works on my Galaxy S4. the only problem is it usually unlocked automatically in my pocket
I just wish that there was maybe security, a pattern maybe. But still, this is one of my favorite apps.
How do I uninstal this app I really need to know if anyone can help please let me know
Works well. I like the look and the minimalist nature. It would be nice to have some sort of lock protection though.
Hi Dev, for enjoyed this apps please add the pin on lockscreen to be secure for other phone. Thank you the apps is awesome
It's a great app but Nexus imprint not supported and so this application is of no ise for me
please tell me!!! how to start phone pick screen on setting??? i need like this app which works on yuphoria
Notifications work great, but I cannot play or skip songs with Spotify. I could with a previous version, but this needs fixed, please.
Please remove acdisplay lock screen notification bar from notification panel. And add bing images as background.
I love the concept of this app, but I think being able to add a pin lock would make this app even better
Привет,вы можете сделать блокировку с графическим ключом?
I can not remove from my phone and since I downloaded it my phone has not worked right at all
It won't get off my phone!
Everything is well except apps settings. Scroll is frozen on that screen on my meizu 5 pro
Please increase the time of notification display (sleep) to atleast 1 hour (current 25 sec)
Can you please add the battery percentage on the lock screen? Thanks. Edit:Thank you for that!
Notification icons multiply after screen on/off Please disable back home recent butons
Being a device administrator keeps getting disabled but other services are kept on. Please fix
Where is the last version ?
I think it have heavy battery use! But I love it. Best ever.
Если добавите совместимость с разблокировкой отпечатком пальца - будет еще лучше
Crashes way to much please fix
Set up confusing and no AOD...
why the 'reply' button didn't work?
Runs flawlessly and looks great but I wish there was some way to have a password or something
It would be better if we were able to set different wallpaper than our home screen
It would be 5 stars, if there is way to remove that always persistent notification about lockscreen
Really Good, It would be better if you let us add a pin or a passcode/pattern.
Great app!Can you also design an app that works like the Always On Display feature of Galaxy S7?
Sweet, simple , and smooth. This locker is well worth 5 stars.
But eats lot of battery on S6 Marsmallow. Please fix and it'll be 5 stars again
Very bad . Can't Uninstall it . Very bad
I wish you could bring more updates like 3rd oarty widget support in bigger size
Every time when i restart my phone I have to approve permissions to activate it.. Pls improve it...
It would be great if I could set a wallpaper that is not the one on my homescreen.
Except for wave to wake everything works nicely on my N5.  It works but after waving like 5 times.
Disables itself and bit laggy.
Needs a longer lockscreen delay.
kích hoạt thêm chức năng trả lời sms, app không cần mở.
Add double tap to wake feature....make app more stable...add some new features
unable to uninstall...waste app...i giv zero
Its one of the nicest apps available. But the pause button of music player doesnt works . please fix that !!!
Pin/passcode/pattern unlock options would add a lot of value to this app.
I want to yours it as a lock screen but i so want a password
When you leave the notification, the next time you turn the phone on, it will not let you use biometrics
Please finish the lockscreen and add some security pin or pass. The home button unlocks the home screen.
One thing needed  Security if you set a pattern or a pin it would be great
Doesnt sync itslf with the proximity sensor,so wave to wakeup doesnt work.
Give option of setting different colours for clock . And this is the best app I have ever use
Can you make background setting light or dark.(i mean too dark of wallpaper)
Simple and Perfect.  Please add lock mechanism to access the phone  Update: Actually it works with default lock.  so it has it
Fingerprint Unlock. Please support to be able to unlock directly with fingerprint, from then I'll give 5 stars.
awesome potential but not stable . work the thee bugs out and it'll be a favorite .
It's a little glichy, but that means it's only in need of a little development. It works so well, and has been getting better!!
It is spam don't install
Love the black list feature.
I like to uninstall on my honor 4x mob but its not happening.. Help!!!!
Plz Add Lock Screen Feature to make it perfect..  Plz.......   And give it to a scroll bar to view all the notifications.. plz.
It's great. But fingerprint scanners are in now. Can you integrate that security measure into the lockscreen?
Media player doesn't work
Can you set your own Wallpaper? I want to know if it's possible.
the apps very smooth and love the UI..it would be awesome if this apps have pincode/ password to make it secure.
Just like my old 2nd gen moto x, runs perfectly fine with no problems
I like the font. I like that it uses my wallpaper. I like that it has so many options including glance screen stuff.
Simply the best lockscreen out there.          Best looks+ambient display works better than i expected. Great job!!!!!
Simple lock screen & notification screen (& not blotted with suggestions and ads)
Installed, tried, now want to uninstall. Won't let me unless deactivated. Tried to deactivate, again, won't let me.
Doesn't work on miui 8
I hate it. I can't uninstall it.
Great apps, only one things that need to improve is the lockscreen, it's kinda unstable to me
I really do like my new lockscreen, but i does have some bugs to it.
I LOVE this lockscreen! But, it needs more improvements! Like prevent messenger chat heads showing on the lockscreen.
bad..no security options...
Using it with an IPS LCD panel and haven't seen too much of an effect on battery life.
Pls include blur option for the wallpaper and option to place the clock on the upper center of the screen.
This is the best lockscreen notification application i have ever seen . Hope to see much more 😊
It sucks it won't let me uninstall very bad
i can't delate this app
Can you add 2 options above?
I have a moto x which uses moto display but this is a great replacement for non Motorola phones.
Great app. It was my default lockscreen for years. But active mode doesn't work on my Mi4c 🙁
Good app, sometimes gets hanged that maybe due to phone capabilities
What's the point of a lockscreen if it opens after I'm already at my homepage
I always wanted ambient dislplay like oneplus has ..This one is far better Thank you
best. but many bug and little lag please improve more and add more fuction.
Sometimes laggy but overall look and feel is highly appreciable
Was (some kind of still) great app, but abandoned by dev 😠
Please bring music widget feature to android 4.2.2 and older. Everything else is very excellent
Ich kann die Hintergrund nicht wechseln
Loved it ! Simple & Awesome .. jst need some security options
More than 6 months now... i am reducing one star... please update it soon with custom wallpaper feature... really need it...
Used to work ok, now it shows multiple notifications for a single text and keeps adding notifications every minute.
Please help. I can't deactivate this app because it won't let me. How can I???
Has been my favorite lockscreen app since its release. Please add fingerprint functionality. Thanks.
Need to add a password lock screen not just a un-secure one
Would give 5 stars because it is the best app for lock screen notifications. Thumbs up. Keep up the good work.
Great concept, love the app. Just a little request to add security pin to make it more secure
Please add pattern or password lock in next update then i will rate it 5 stars...thank you
Won't let you delete the app even tho it clogs up memory and makes your phone slower😑😤
Please help. Cannot used on my redmi note 4x. How to setup apps?
Customisable and looks good, but Spotify controls don't work. Could we get a fix for this, cheers.
It's a very good app; love it but it needs a password option and it will be perfect.
Somehow same notifications keep on shown on the screen, making it full half  of the screen. Fix this pls.
Sometimes when I lock my phone it goes to the regular lock screen. Please fix on GS5
It wont let me delete it i hate this app and it wont let me delete it it takes up so much storage and it wont even  let me delete  it ugh
i really love this lock screen however is it possible to add finger print support                thank you
I've tried a lot of the lock screens in the store, this one is almost perfect for me, thanks...
Why..?
I love this app but the reason why i rated it 3 stars is because it doesnt  have security opsions
Boringggg.  I just had to root my phone to simply uninstall this app
It won't let me unistall the app. If i still can't do it im reporting this app.
Doesn't work with lollipop.
Rarely actually shows the dynamic background and music controller when using Google play music.
Works great. Great Job 👍. Being able to weather update would be nice along with the Clock.
Doesn't work for me most time once it sleeps it didnt wake up again
Can you add a security option.. Like a password or a pattern. Other then that.. Best lock screen.
Why does it have to match the home screen one?
Thanks to team Arthem chepurnoy... it's been sop easy to see and access notifications... keep up
I really like it,  but I'd prefer being able to chose a picture from my gallery as background.
One of my favorite Lock screen...thanks team.. i think adding additional wallpaper feature make it awesome..
And I mean it. It is the best, with all those amazing single animations. Excellent.
Y don't u arrange a security pin or pattern with a black and white thin interface....I felt it....Thank u....
It disables fingerprint lock on note 5 and asks for pattern as additional security measure ... please suggest a solution!!!
Sucks battery a lot...battery drop from 100 to 82 in one night(around 4 hour)
I really like this app, its the best lockscreen I've ever seen... Simple and elegant.
Good app but it needs the double tap to wake up the screen function
Its wonderful!!! all features are good. The lock screen is pretty simpler . The wave to unlock feature is useful and wonderful
Needs pin or password unlock. But great if you don't want or need that feature.
widget not working for me ..it crash everytime ichoose widget..im on kitkat 4.4.2 lg..but still i donated..hope theres a fix
The lockscreen doesn't work whenever I press the power on off button
Please add always on feature other wise the apps is awesome. Loved it
Doesn't work sometimes.
One of the most useful app in my phone...  Saves a lot of time as well as button pressing... 😀
Great app overall, just wish there was an option to set a lockscreen wallpaper within the app's settings
Please make an always on display option!
I only wanted one more option to make that clock to float.
The developer needs to  add security features where the users can secure their gadgets through the app.
Muy buena para los que no tenemos LED de notificacion
You need to add a security password of some kind.
I can't get it use Widgets...I keep getting a force close of Android settings
It's alright but how do I get rid of it please help
Wish I could hide the notification of this app in the notification bar
I love all the things and work. Nothing else but compliments.
Installed it to try it out and legit can not been uninstalled from my phone
Please this is so beautiful... I love if u devolp a lockscreen same like this
Can you please add fix the screen lock function to not mess with the finger print unlocking?
If you add fingerprint lock and pattern lock I'd use it.
Only stopped using it because i needed stock widgets but otherwise, flawless.
Please try and continue to improve the lockscreen sometimes it goes to the default lock screen
I want to deactivate it
It works perfect, very useful loved it
Can't uninstall.
I cannot deactivate it as it occupies large memory on ram ... How to deactivate it ?help plz
Fix it from automatically snoozing my alarm and it would get 5-stars
For example allowing it to use your lock screen background not your home screen wallpaper
Great design and a very useful app... I kinda like the blackscreen too... So im lovin' it
Awesome... Though it would've been better if u add a pass code option while using it as a lockscreen...
Won't let me uninstall it after granted it device administration permission.
Y u have to do this
Can't control Spotify and Netflix from the screen anymore.  Any chance to fix?
Would be better if it has a password feature. But overall, great app!!
It need to be get updates its has ancient tym interface it need to be change
Bad really bad 👎👎
But can you add the option to disable vibration feedback when unlocking?
As of now no problem, let me know.  But its the best when compare to other
Please add a secure lock screen pin or pattern lock so that it could be used as a perfect lock screen.
Main Home button unlocks the phone..please clear the issue..all its the best lockscreen
I can't uninstall the app
Doesn't work!
If possible, give an option to chose the wallpaper from gallery. And make it support MX player.
For a beta, its surprisingly stable and rich with useful, but non obtrusive features
Like the interface just wish there was a pin,, pattern, password option.
Not compatible with Android 8
touch not working properly
Too much irritating ads
Not always work on op2
I cant uninstall dis.pls help me.want it out of my device right nw
Not working properly
Awesome! But lacks basic feature of choosing your own wallpaper as lock screen wallpaper :/
Please give option to move clock position as in center it blocks the feel of wallpaper
It is surprisingly good for a free app. The motion detection is spot on. And it looks very professional.
Doesn't work.
Please add finger print support.
Would not uninstall
I can not control musixmatch player in lock screen. 😥😥 that's bad.  Pls fix. Please...
Would rate 5 stars if you added security,like a pin/pattern
Cant change track for spotify in lockscreen on galaxy s5. Apart from that pretty good
How do you deactivate the app from my phone 📱
Hope you guys add secured lock for this app
Once it's installed it can't be uninstalled
Overall it's a great lockscreen app but please add the option to change wallpaper besides the home screen wallpaper!!!
Please add option for pin code or pattern code to unlock..
Well, can you make the default clock in AcDisplay a separate widget?
This is the badest app I have ever seen it is not uninstalling
Please add some sort of pin lock to the lockscreen
It randomly locks my phone again when trying to unlock it
you should add lockscreen features like Pattern,Password,Pin.. Etc.. it would be great..
Cant uninstall. Stupid apps.
How can i remove the app 😠😠😠😠😠
Just 1 request pls turn this notification off from the status bar...
not good app
How do you deactivat it please tell me
Me gustaria desbloquear el dispositivo con la huella digital
Update ? Is this app decontinued ? It hasn't been updated for 2 years.
It has an xposed module? Dunno what it does but it's getting activated
Nice app. One of my favourite. Keep up. Please add a feature to keep our fav wallpaper.
Would love to use it but i already have my moto display on X2
Great,  but in my LCD Display it drains my battery too fast.
Awesome app.  Works as advertised.  No spamming your phone with ads like GoLocker.  Highly recommended!
Please try and incorporate the feature whereby you can use a pin code to lock your device
NIce app but this messge is for admin please give many obstion of clock like s8 and s7
But draining batery ...
The perfect lock screen app. I've tried them all and this is the one!
Almost perfect, except it doesn't have the option to lock behind a pin, so what's the point?
Love the app, desperately needs nexus 6p fingerprint support.
One of the finest app i have ever used.... just one request plz increase sensetivity of proximity
Can not be uninstalled! Watch it! It is deactivated but still can not be uninstalled
moreover it is more like motorolla lock screen.. i like it
Having one problem of using fingerprint sensor
It won't let me uninstall this no matter what I do
Plssss! Make an update of this app to have a lockscreen pass Plsssss.
Please help, i really like this app, but is nt working on my Sony Xperia Z1...
The recent button still functions in lockscreen.  Fix it
That is some really piece of art  and very innovative way of knowing notification
It would be awesome if there is a passcode, pin code or a pattern security option
5 stars if it has double tap to wake up
I m enjoying it so much great effect and superb features.
5 stars if you add the option to use fingerprint scanning to unlock the phone from AcDisplay.
Please add security!
Need help to "deactivate" so can uninstall it!
Really didn't care for this one....i was expecting something completely different...not my thing thanks
It needs a pattern or password option, if you include that it would be perfect
Is it pronounced "Ahkdisplay" or "A C Display"
Plz add an option to change clock interface..form Digital to Analog
This would be really good if u can set a pattern lock or numerical password
Just what I need, simple, easy, light, and nice ui design. Really love it
Please add screen lock as well in that. It would be secure n nice then
cant complain it work as it shoud be, but can we have a call option
Jst add a feature like pattern lock or pin lokc..it'll bcm more classy..
How about adding fingerprint lock too. That works swell I guess
Active mode not working in Cyanogenmod 14.1, Moto x 2nd generation
it's ok bt plz improve more features like security lock (passcode and pattern lock)
Why cannot set paterrn or pin in lock screen ?
nice but laggy in galaxy s2
It's noy uninstalling from my mobile and also it requires administration's access
Best lockscreen available but sadly unsupported after Lollipop
Kenapa gak bisa di uninsttal dari device administrator
Please add some type of security on the lock screen
Everything is nice but the home button issue that have other users too and a pincode that's missing too
The screen turns on only once as soon as the notification arrives.
Some minor improvements and this app will be a must have on every device.
it would be killer if you add pin and pattern security 👌
Please add an option to use custom wallpaper
Where are the photos saved which I clicked with the shortcut on the screen
Does everything a lockscreen needs to do except lock
I can't uninstall it, when I uncheck admin my settings crash. LG G6 btw
This will be the best lockscreen of all time if it will allow fingerprint activation! Please??
Please add a security feature to this lockscreen?! It would be perfect if you do.
Remove the bar from notification bar or make it optional.
But please get the lockscreen mode to work properly.
doesnt work on miui8
Thanks for making this
I don't like it, it doesnt work so good and also i cannot uninstall the app from the phone
It's really cool looking. I only wish they would add a pin for the lockscreen.
It doesn't control any widgets and all it amounts to is bloatware that cannot be removed without rooting
It shows notification which are  when phone is unlocked... Please do something
Feature request : I would love to have the ability to set custom lockscreen background.
Just loved it simply beautiful......please give some amazing update...i just love this app
Works like a charm, must get app if u are too active socially!.
Impossible to delete.
I've done what the app said but still can't delete it
Literally does nothing.
just one feature that i would like to be added is the always on display just like the new s7 please!
The wave feature thing doesn't work for me
A lock screen every mobile screen dreams
If I receive one message, it shows multiple message icons
I need to set a password. Please allow this app to set password
It shows only on landscape mode on tablets
Still trying to figure out if you can secure it though.
How the hell do you set a pass code or a pin code
Can anyone tell me how to apply password
Only lock screen app that supports widget. Please add more widget support.  Btw, it's perfect.
Does an excellent job replicating the functionality of Motorola's Moto Display.
Wish that companies would hire great artists like you, Артем.
If there's Fingerprint authorization, would have rate 5 star. Pls update.
Could have more corner gestures
Приложение очень классное, удачи разработчику!
Good app for managing notification.  The lock screen requires improvement and more customization options.
Out of all the other lockscreen apps, this is the best. Simple, stylish and just superb
Nice UI "upgrade" from an LG lock screen. Works perfectly and looks good while doing it.
Loading time is too long, like 5sec pls fix it
Nycc Plzz add always on display feature
Best lockscreen app it's so smooth can you please add access to camera from the lockscreen
Best design ever. Loved it. Would be much better if security lock patterns or pin added to it.
Have the option to choose a different image, I have a different image for my lock screen then for my wallpaper
Clean, simple not filled with a bunch of clutter just what I wanted don't change anything
I wish I could Add a passcode on the lock screen!
Very good. Please include security options like Pattern and PIN code please?
Perfect app also please bring option ALWAYS DISPLAY LOCKSCREEN Feature thanks everything...
Application does not allow me to uninstall it.
I would love to see some security added to the lock screen function
Great app but please add a feature where you need a password to open your phone
Its just one of the best amoled screen type  With simple and worth it diplay interface
The app improved, but still not great.
I can not delete even in phone admnistration
Please: Add a fingerprint scanner to the lock screen also
But please add a security its my request
I will give five stars if you add more features in this app
Whats app notifications are not working
Nem tudom törölni ezt. Nem jó semmire. How to uninstal?
Will there be updates that fix stuff..?
Pls  add  another way without screen sensive
It won't let me deactivate it off my device !!!!!!
Need to be blocked from bypassing ACDisplay unlock.
Whoud be better if i can use custom wallpapers instead of my home screen
Can I use Zooper Widget Pro with this app
cnt deactivate or uninstall plss hlppp  Android 6.1 Samsung
Security lock is missing like as pattern and pin
Good, minimal, but has inconsistent lockscreen, and notifications repeat.
Make more...patern lock..or another else...n fix lockscreen bug quickly
It should have inbuilt security management.
Garbage.
Like moto x.                   But it have to include password in it
i cannot uninstall it ?? any solution ?? im using xiaomi redmi note 4g
Plz add pattern and numbers lock..  It's so important
Waving doesn't unlock/lock the screen, please fix this.
I think bet hai lekin thodi kami hai
Cant uninstall this app.  Tell me how should i do it
Issues on m8 lollipop
Why always double notification on the lockscreen display, how to configuration..?
After u install u cant uninstall it so be carefull
Never download this app. U cant unistall afterwards
Works perfectly for my phone. Keep up the good work 👍
App doesnt let me remove it from device admin...
fingerprint because  pin only 4 . Please fix
Nothing much to say its look cool and thats good enough for me
Not working on miui7. waiting for fix soon
A Fingerprint unlock is all I need but it has none...
Its very good but the problem is it rotates all​ the time​.
Motion pretty much doesn't work at all on my moto x 2014
Best lock screen. I love it, but I get double lock screens :(
It would not allow me to delete the app.
It's good however draining battery too much
Working beautifully again, thanks for the prompt response and fix, great app great dev
There's no option to add pin or other security settings
Nice app but facing problems in fingerprint unlock
Just try it, I would recommend it for lollipop  and above device owners  too
No me deja desinstalar.
Many options available which makes it very versatile.
Would love it if lockscreen passwords/security measures were available to Xposed users
i have been using the app before then suddenly i have remembered how useful this was... keep it up
If only it could show me my notifications when i pick it up face up from the desk
Would be very useful if it also had the ability to enable ambient display.
I would give it 5 stars if it had the password option!
The best thing I have ever seen!
Simply awesome.Some niggles apart it functions a great lockscreen.
This is best app I ever seen Ac display is amazing I love it thnk u
I like this app. But it must have a pin or pattern security. Just suggesting ☺
It would be awesome if you put a security lock passcode or something on it.
I love how elegant and stylish this looks but live wallpaper support would be nice.
Please do your own launcher that maches this lockscreen and add wallpaper suport😉
NO COMMENT JUST PERFECT THIS APP .
musixplayer dont support? play pause previous
Probably my best android lock screen Personalization app yet for the last 3-4 years...
A beautiful lock screen. Shows just what I need when I need it. Thanks!
Over due for an upgrade. Please upgrade. Reminds me of MotoDisplay but could be better.
Awesome lockscreen if you're looking for simple lockscreen. Many improvements possible but good.
Nice Plain lock screen. I'm missing fingerprint unlock feature.
It would be good if I can change the position of the clock!
Can you add always on clock feature?
I want to uninstall this app  pls help
nice.. bt should give option to change the lockscreen wallpaper.. it shows same as that of home screen wallpaper
Will reinstall when you add a password option
Allow facity to add a custom lockscreen wallpaper
It sucks now i cant even uninstall
Please make pattern or lock in next update
Just Add Lock And ill Give You five Star And Fix The Bugs
I cant unistall the app !!!! because i cant disable it !!! Please fix this bug + thanks
Not in my HTC desire816g fix it plzz
It is the wrost app because it wont uninstall
Pressing home button disables the lock screen
It unlocks when home button is touched
Can't finish setup.
How to remove this app plz help me
Samsung Galaxy s4
This is a very good app. Now I finally have a beautiful lockscreen!
Excellent, but should come with fingerprint unlock for supported Samsung devices.
It doesn't behave like a lockscreen,it should prevent home button from unlocking
Resembles Moto active display, got potential to be better than that.
This is a great lockscreen but please add password lock.
Wow I can't believe how fluid and responsive this is. Awesome just DL.
lock screen works only few of the times.
Won't deactivate
Using it for a year now I guess and still would love to!!Good job dev!
The notification didn't appear on the lock screen.
Thank you for the free app that working so well. It is awesome.😆.4 stars given.
Great lock screen! In the next update please consider adding security passwords!
Won't let me deactivate in order to uninstall.
I hated it!!it's not good!!!
New and unique way of notifications. I recommended it to my friends too. They loved it too. Thanks. Great work.
Its great but the music widget doesnt work all the time :(
Really love the design, but I wish there was an unlock by PIN feature.
I love it for my Nexus 4,.. releases a lot of pressure from the power button :)
You cannot uninstall it.
It's nice one but fingerprint scanner not working to unlock the phone.
Works great but consumes a LOT of battery
It's amazing just can you guys add fingerprint lock integration?
Radi odlično,  nemam zamjerki.
Cant uninstall.
I like this app!! Simple and quite awesome really! So easy to use and it's pretty convenient!
How do i manually choose which apps to blacklist?
I just like this app a lot!!! Thanks
Device administrator I can't get it of tablet :(
It looks amazing however it does not work with the aspect ratio of the galaxy s8
One of some app that i always using in my phones from time to time, always work like a charm
Please  add "no action" option in corner gesture
I LOOVE IT!! The perfect thing I needed.
I don't like it and it won't uninstall
Please put an option for a security lock.
Great app but the notification is always displaying on my notification panel, how would i remove it?
This app will be perfect if they add passcode feature and finger print
In it swap to unlock the device they have to provide a partton lock as well
Just a few animation fixes and this app will be even better. Get it now!!
Dude really loved it, but missing security feature, pls look after it
How do I uninstall this app?
Cannot uninstall. What is up with that?!
I like it a lot. Great alternative to stock lock screen on HTC One.
For Some Reason I Can't Uninstall The App?!
Great app and very stable. A rrequest... Please add custom wallpaper.
I wish if it could support for a fingerprint unlock...
Hey developer !!! Plz add password option
Won't let me Uninstall :(
It needs a pin lock or other locks to make it safer 👌👌
A knock code or a pattern would be great
Nice app, but, on Android 5.1.1 sometimes works, sometimes doesn't...pls fix
Won't let me uninstall please fix it  didn't work on my Samsung S6
Reduce the battery use pls
Add secure lock option please
Will not allow me to uninstall
I can't uninstall this app... please help me...😕😓
Why there is no option to set pattern?
Please add fingerprint lock please
Must include pin or pattern
The lightest lock screen I had ever used .. Simple and best
Pls update other clock style
The only lockscreen i wont change
Esteticamente mi piace molto
Could you add a password feature
Please add security functions please
Very fast and lightweight. Beautiful and at same minimalistic. Keep up the good work!
You should add a password for unlock.
Plz add screen lock security
IT WONT LET ME UNINSTALL
Backlight always on seem not working.
This is a cool app. Completely different lock screen from all others apps.really fantastic.
Nao me deixa desinstalar
Needs some security at least
Please add calender and weather integration
Simple interface, simple unlock. Good work you did there
awesome - an option for no screentimeout would be nice
How can I deactivate this app
Make it like Motorola ui
Sometimes it makes me unlock twice
Everything at your lock screen..what else i need
It keeps asking me for a donation
Please add weather support in the lockscreen
Add pattern or password, also add option to change wallpaper and it will be perfect
Improve the detection of motion in active mode cause it currently rarely works
Just cudnt find the settings for the time duration of the lock screen
Awesum app. But plz enable it to use accelerometer so it can sense motion.
Should have an option to have a pin or pattern to increase the privacy and security. Anyway, great app :)
Pressing home key unlocks the phone.
Well this is the most visually perfected lockscreen I've ever seen on android
Can't control Spotify from Lockscreen. Please fix it.
Very very simple and sleek design absolutely the best locker out there
Need some improvement however. Best notification lockscreen so far.
A good app but it doesn't give privacy settings that a stock lockscreen does..
No pin no pattern lock why?
Been using it for a couple of days.  This is a really nice app!  Well done.
Add passwor fiture pls
What a great app very useful I would recommend this to all people
I've tried a bunch of lockscreens and this is my favorite. I love how simple and clean it is.
It's intuitive, minimalistic & simple. Thanks!
Can't delete it
so gorgeous and minimalistic but some form of security is a must.
Awesome app with minimal battery drain.
Please update, disable with fingerprint !
It's great to use thank u developers keep updatef
AcDisplay brings a refreshing lock screen to any device.
One of the better lock screen appd but could use some fixes.
Only lacks a password option like a pin or a pattern.
Amazing. It works very well on Android 4.3 root. Thank you. I was very happy to donate.
Otherwise it's really good
Great, clean, eye pleasing, quite light battery on amoled samsung. 5 stars
I wn uninstalling this app. Bt didn't uninstalling. Why 😡😡
It would be a perfect lockscreen application if there is a lockscreen wallpaper setting.
no security features... uninstalled... :(
I will never change to any other lock screen.
Iam need password feature in lockscreen. Thanks.
Would have given 5 stars. But the active mode isn't working.
Nice app bt i missed my moto x display
Great app. Was looking for a notification screen and love the display and what it does!
Wooow, great app, it's useful more then you think, definitely try out
All is perfect except, when I pressed home button, it unlocked the lock screen..
Please add a password or pin option please, otherwise great work!
App won't uninstall ? Are u serious
How to uninstall??
It won't let me uninstall
I love this lockscreen, but it should have a passcode or something, but either way I love it
Tried so many apps but this one is really simple and the best
I absolutely love this lock screen but my notifications aren't showing up on my lock screen
Updated July 29, 2015  R.I.P.
How to uninstall it..it does not want to be uninstall
It don't have pin lock
I love the app, really. But I need security lock screen functionality.
Excellent but not to my liking.
Best lock screen app ever. Don't y'all think?
Epic locksreen ever!
I can't deactive and for that reason I can't Uninstaled
Causing not responding problem since last week...
Minimal in looks and resource usage but not in function.
No modification since 2 years...
would've given 5 if it incorporates pin or pattern lock.
battery drain issue
cum îl dezinstalez? că nu merge.
But when I do it means the app is really wonderful
Not working in my Huawei p9 lite.....please help
Why does the home button unlock?
Just press home button and it unlocks the device??
It's The Best Lock Screen App In The Universe
Please add more corner swipe like messages, contacts, mail, etc..
Why doesn't the dev update it anymore?
Fingerprint ain't work on it....
Best notification based lock screen I've ever used.
Minimalist but can't enable pins, customizable lock, etc
Best lock screen i ever used i like how simple is it
Beautiful, amazing, functional. Why didn't I download this sooner
For the lock screen you should allow fingerprint scanners to unlock the device
If only they add passcode I would happily keep this app
Why miss screen lock option?
Could not uninstall!!!
pls, make lock with the password
Is there a way that i can increase my proximity sensor
U just need to add more lock security then it would be perfect
It would be better if there was security lock feature
add the option to unlock while the phone is using fingerprint
Why its not diactivating
Pls don't download this app
I cannot uninstall :( sucks
I love the simplicity, but I wish there was a pin lock for it.
Needs home key lock
Can't uninstall... help
Where's security code option
This is far better than the Samsung always on display. Such a great app.
Media widget doesn't work when it is set as a lockscreen
The motion sensing to show time & messages barely works...if ever.
Awesome app. Very stylish. Would be better if it had security options
It does what it says !
Bugs too much!
This is a great app at all. But please support fingerprint function!!
Need a password /pin security feature..
I can't remove this app. Need help.
How can I uninstall this.
Where is the password or pattern setting?
how to become a beta tester for this app?
Guys, it can't be deleted.
Doesn't wanna unistall
Great notification/lockscreen app. Really like it, thank you
How to uninstall this freaking app
Little bit complicated
cannot set password
Too complicated
Rubbish
Cannot uninstall this app
worst of worst app🙈😠😠
Need PATTERN LOCK option
Need a lock pattern or pin
Music seek is always on the last
STUK ON MY PHONE
Won't let me delete it
Won't let me uninstall
Must change wall paper
Beat ever lockscreen app
Guys don't install this app.. it sucks..!!!😨
Unable to uninstall from device
Very Smooth much wow very doge good job!
How to use it as default lockscreen?
Still missing a music player
I unable to uninstall
Buggy when recieving carrier flash messages,long way to go for perfection
WONT LET ME UNINSTALL
Unable to uninstall the app
Lots of time Not responding
add fingerprint lockscreen feature
Showing same notification twice
Won't let me uninstall
Not able to uninstall
Developer u should include pin lock security......
This is an excellent lockscreen app. Spotify music controls fixed. 5stars!
Needs some bug fixing
How to un install this app
Can't unistall!!!
Dont use thia app
The Best Active display I ever use it was really asowem I love it
Best Lock screen app ever! Just add security Lock screen such as Pattern Lock!
Try add a pass code.
Works fine with xiaomi redmi pro. Xposed module installed as well
Very nice app, needs a little improvements but good overall
It's alright but the active mode could do with a bit of work
Doesn't do anything on note 4
No fingerprint scanner support it is a no go for me.
Responsive and also great for lockscreen too.
It can't be removed or uninstall bekar worst app ever
awesome app 5★, but it needs a pattern or password setting.
THIS IS A BUG. IT CANNOT BE UNINSTALLED!!! :(((
How the hell do i uninstall it?
It's great I just wish it had a password option
This app is very awesome...simple...this is best lockscreen...but i want password protection... please add password protection
add password features maybe?
wow, the 1st app I must have on any device
Great app. Please add ALWAYS ON MODE
Amazing application, just what was I looking for my smartphone Lockscreen.
Please please please add the feture of adding a lock.
This is a good app but need some improve and an update .
Notifications don't show (A. Lollipop)
It's The best, but use too much battery 😤💀
My notification not showing,why?
Please add security and  then it will be 5 star app
Nyc material design simple minimalistic  bt passcode option would be good............
I just love it! Thank you for creating it!
No other lockscreen comes close to this one. Great job!
Can't uninstall can't uninstall app
I really like it, works just like moto display
Upto Now not bad, keep developing, add a charging display.
But needs a password (pin ) option :P
How to uninstall it and how to deactivate it.
Its nice but i wish the wallpaper could be change with that it will be awesome
The app was awsom but reduce the battery usage
How do I add a password to the lock screen?
Really love this application. Will it be possible to customize the font color?
It should support smart lock and fingerprint otherwise its great
Its an amazing lockscreen, just needs some updating.
Been using since ages and donated for Developer efforts
Can u guy make more setting like lockscreen
Lock screen wallpaper and weather forecasts
It said it has to be deactivate before Uninstalling . How to deactivate it??
How do I uninstall it ?
Plz add more wigets
Better than stock active display on Moto g5 plus models
Hey!!! I can't deactivate it To device administrator!! I want to uninstalln it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great app..but add separate lock screen wallpaper function
Very nice and sleek design.. Just wish it had a lock function
The most reliable lock screen on the market. Simple, fast, and beautiful.
Simple, Smart and most of all it works well 😀
Great app. However don't make the settings menu hidden
Where's the updates
How do you delete it?
Thanks for making this app😍
Really neat and clean design and style. I recommend it.
One of a kind. Try it, you'll love it!
No battery drain. Working well. Update with password lock
Can't uninstall the app
i can't uninstal this app
Please add "always on" mode
It Is Good But Plzz Add Security Options..Plzzzz
I can't remove it !!!
Almost perfect. But I need lock/unlock sound
It is good but not 1feature of taping screen to unlock is not available
finally now i found my perfect lock screen!
Make a fingerprint password :)
No security option 👎
other than that, great lockscreen launcher!
Having moto e3 power not working on it
This app same as moto g 3 glance I love this app
Its too awsome but i want more secure i want security code in that
Project closed.
Please add a way to view the alarm clock time
-1star for no lock
Lockscreen Beta feature & the last update was a Year ago..........sheeeeesh!
App crushing again and again
doesn't show notify
Most functional and most aesthetically pleasing locker I've used
Best lock screen app, which enables active display
Battery drains fast very fast its not battery race guys
I'm using this app since 5 minutes and I'm loving it
This is best minimal lockscreen i have ever used.trust me. 😊
Very nice app. Simple and material design.
Why can't uninstall
Can't uninstall
Nice application!! Best lock screen i have used so far...
Fingerprint support missing?
Best lockscreen ever. Please add secure screen options..
You have developed an awesome app...keep up the good work...!!! :)
loved    nailed  it  coooool
Should add fingerprint/pin/pattern security and then it'd be perfect
No security
Very useful application!
Cant uninstall
Plus some bug.. Other than that it good..
Great app so long as you have xposed installed.
Can't uninstall - what to do?
It would be awesome if we have a password.
Why is this apps cant be uninstalled??
Great lockscreen,simple yet great design
Very neat! Reminds me of the active display on Motorola!
administrator? R u kidding me?
Beautiful and simple locker. But it need faster unlock animation
Needs fingerprint support. (Nexus). 5 stars once available.
Best lock screen ever... Google should adopt it as default lock screen...
I cant f***ing uninstall it
Nagyon hasznos!
thanks! got a nice app!
Doesn't work
Been using it for years now....still the best lockscreen
How to delete this app?
This app is sooo good it's nice and its clean and its simple
No lockscreen password?
I can't remove
A must have app especially for MotoG phones.
Doesn't work
Has potential to be great app *is now the BEST app of it's kind!
But can u block homebutton in lockscreen
Offers great customization and notifications. Option to add widgets was brilliant.
No problem just needed security pin or pattern
This is the best lockscreen ever I absolutely love it
I wish it had fingerprint to unlock
plz update it .. and add the password ..
When is a password is coming to this app it would make it a lot better
Very useful. Love the quick glance
Much better than the built-in lockscreen of Samsung.
Great app.... very low ram usage.. excellent
It is cool app...just change the position of clock.. move it to top...!
We can add Zooper widget to cool man
I cant change the circle colour though
First ever lock screen that I actually like
Awesome display love it ever common friends must download it
Wont let me add custom widget
Please don't install this it's damage my mobile software it's a virus don't install
ALL IT NEEDS NOW IS IT'S OWN LOCK
no password setting?
Needs password locking
Works great but doesn't detect movement of the phone.
Eating by battery in background
Pls update the app
Just needs to improve stability, otherwise it's okay.
Everything is perfect. Please add download status feature.
Not working confirmed
No password unlock
Perfect for my AMOLED screen. Gives the lockscreen a unique look.
Not working on Nougat
plz add security option plz plz plz
Proximity sensor is nt working....
Wow!!
Why i cant unstall this app??
You need a security option
I think, it's the finest app in my phone
Like flow is amazing ..feelss smooth i really really love it
You cant delete it
Needs security lock
For an older version
please provide some security.
Awesome. .. will definitely gonna recommend this to my colleagues
Not working in marshmallow
No Security Option
I like this app
Best app. But please add more features!
Lack of dev support
Installation needs root
Just at its peak
Cant uninstall this app
Amazing best lockscreen... So minimalistic... So clean interface.. so beautiful... I love it..
There are more ads
Marvelous lock screen. Hats off for developers who made this app.
Not uninstall from phone
Very ac display
I remember when this was new, still a great app.
O_O
Awesome but some time it not works beacuse it not autostarting
It makes your phone feel like a motorola phone
Why does it work only when it is charging and why not when it is not??  😐
Does not work with Smart Lock or fingerprint unlocking.
Has a lot of potential. Best among all lockscreens.
Finally I have find superb notification app
Can't Add Multiple Widgets :-/
Does what it say. No frills. But needs password feature.
using it about 3 years
I want a pattern option or pin code
need update for oreo..
Would be nice to have an option to set a custom wallpaper.
Breathtaking. I adore how minimalistic & clean it is. Works perfectly~ for 10 stars. Thanks~~~
Great app, serves its perpous well.
Ok.  But couldn't add widget..
Minimalistic design and easier to follow notifications.
I just love it. Definitely my style.
This is what I looking for , perfect lockscreen app
Perfect but I'd like to secure my lockscreen
Cool in theory, doesn't work consistently. Uninstalled
Easy to se my message. Very useful app.
Please add pattern, code for security
Very simple but powerful. Thank you!
New Updates (Y)
Nice design, and a better replacement for receiving notifications
Can't uninstall
I love this app.
I can't deactivate & uninstall it
Used to work fine, now acting really buggy
Frequent Crashes....
Simple and neat.. Keep improving slowly
Needs security, if it would have password it would be great
Google should hire the Dev of this fantastic app!
Why I can't uninstall it? :(
Love this app lockscreen.. Keep it up. 😄😄
Please include more control over when it is on or off
No lock, no pattern, no pass....
If sensor calibre ..... Please
Designs very good its just so cool
Cannot uninstall this app the phone hangs when i try to uninstall this app.
how can i uninstall this app ??
Anyone know of an app like this that will work on S8?
Wanted to give it 10 stars!!
Everything is perfect but it drains battery very quickly
Please update this app and keep on developing it pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Awesome just needs its own wallpaper
Even better than apple lock screens
But still the Best app
but please add security.
Should also have lockscreen password security :)
When will there be an update?
Can't give access to active lock screen....
Just needs a bit more customization and security options
Awesome app but please add a security option
Contains the flat and the cool desine and more
Would love a landscape option for tablets
Make lockscreen with security then it is the best app for future
Really liked it. It's simple and really useful
Pretty cool features and Drippler brought me here
How to deactivate and uninstall it?
Not worrking on s6.edge
Simply the best lockscreen app out there... Keep up the great work guys!!!
Nice but Not working properly 😢😢😢
Can't delete it.
Can't deactivate it
Won't uninstall.
Notifications won't show up on lockscreen! :(
Love it, except it deletes incoming Snapchat messages.
Can't uninstall.
A perfect lock screen. I loved it. Thanks to the developers.
wont uninstall 😖
how to uninstall this app?
but some changes may be there
Great app. Need pattern lock or passwords on this though.
when pressing home it returns into the home screen
Can't uninstall
Can't uninstall
Good luck trying to uninstall it!!!
Keep going on and making it better faviourite app
Can't uninstall
Thank you.
Love it. Just need a finger print unlock function.
What to say.Absolutely amazing.Great job developer keep it up.
Would like to see some security though.
Okay for old phones...
Widgets needs work otherwise great lockscreen replacement
Cant uninstall this app??
Please Update this version, & Add More System!
Would be better if fingerprint unlock was included.
Isn't uninstalling !!! No passcodes too
used to be great
I want this #### uninstalled but i wont let me. Which ### #### made it this way and why?
Very Smooth and Reliable
Please add option to mod clock 😃
Can't delete
Awesome features!Highly recommend giving it a try!
How to uninstall this :/
Would be great if the screen actually locked.
Just like moto x daydream
Perfect app ... just add lock screen security options ....
there is a music widgets : such as Spotify....
Old one was good ....
the notifications are great.  i love the Swipe too.  perfect.
Needs a battery percentage bar or glow or something.
How to unistall it !!??
I been using this app for months love it !!
Does what it claims! And very usefull
Very Cool, just try to make it stable
Dabble tap screen on option provide than best...
It's good but just need security
Awesome app.. And it doesn't drain battery
Helpful for  devices with old version
5 stars if pw lock is built in
Best lock screen on play
No worry without led
Until now its useful and good
It would be perfect with a pin or pattern lock
Using it for monyhs still rocks
The most fantastic lock screen ever
Please add ability to adjust display time
Very useful
Best app and widgets are so beautiful and minimalistic
Vey smooth almost like moto g3
it should have its own lock screen
Definitely my go to lock screen
Love it!
drains battery a little but its good
Add password or pattern to it and it will be amazing!
Exactly what I've been needing..
Just awesome.  Better than all !
We need custom backgrounds different from homscreen!!!
Slick, pretty, useful. Well worth 5 stars.
All great but I need password
Very nice minimalistic design
Amazing. Nice and coolest design ever. Minimal to see.
No pin!!!?
I only 5 star apps I like.
Superb neat and smooth.  Love it.
I can't uninstall this app this region I hated​ this app
es compatible con sensor de huella?
Exactly what I needed!
Don't install, very difficult to uninstall
Simple and reliable.  Thanks!
Best lock screen ever! Love it!
Best ever lock screen replacement
Its an anazing app.
I love it..but it should have passeord
I'm willing to donate 💲
Just like the notification display i wanted.AWESOME
I would like to have security options..
Soo amazing. Need lollipop style pattern ;-)
the best lock screen apps ever ... keep it up !!!
Simple, easy to use, and much more
Light & perfect for my samsung A9 pro
Very minimalistic lockscreen app...5 stars for this..
Great minimal lock screen/notifications
Great app but it comes on when on a call.
Thankyou for such an awesome app.
Pandora doesn't refresh when song changes
Thank you for the amazing app!
It's great but not for me .
Awesome. Best lock screen replacement
Works smooth and beautifully minimal!
Best app for ambient display in miui.
Love it.   Works very well with my phone.
I like it. It's so simple..
Best app just wanted to say that.
How about supporting always on display?
Very usefull
No words to say. Coolest ever
Thanks man nice work and effort....... Salute!!!
Best lock screen ever used.
Needs support for fingerprint and or password 💯💯💯💯
It doesn't work everytime...
Very nice app. I like it
no security option
Does exactly what it says
If there was security it would be perfect
Nice.. without delusions
Pretty fast and class lock screen
Perfectly beautiful app
Love your work
Theme very good
The title say it all
No security
Need to be able to change lockscreen wallpaper
But we need updates
Absolutely great one must install
This app may be improved soon
Awesome but lacks lock screen
Best app in store for lock screen
Its really great and quite stable
Everything you could ask for
Thanks
Live the UI
Best lockscreen app ever !
Can you add brightness settings?
Keep it up !
Very useful!
Simply app and looks great!
I like that
How to unstall
Not loading
Battery drainer
Not working
_
Not working
Perfectly working... Best app.. Thank you
Update theme
No words
Cant unstall
Home button
Leve
Owssm app
Cnt uninstall
0 security
It works
Works well
Motorola experience
What a rbb
Thank you
not display
Bahot karre
Kinda average
Simple and usefull app.. Just love it..
Integrate fingerprint security and it'll be perfect
Love this app because this app like lollipop
Love it needs security feature
Really love this app!! :D
Awesome, just needs security.
There is no unintall button!
Smooth interface
It works good..
Really nice application .
Great looking and fully functional.
Just amazing,download it
Simple perfect useful
Bullshit app
Bad app
Terrible
Consumes battery
Nice simple smooth .
