内容
I know that CNN has been working overtime ever since Trump came into politics. Please stay on top of gun control reform and separate the difference between 2nd amendment and right to own a gun, I think NRA has clouded many people’s minds and many have been brainwashed over years. This is so important, do not stop on this issue.
Feeling that I needed to Laugh, I turned on Fox Noise, Watched it until I could not stand laughing anymore, Just retired from the bathroom throwing up!!!!
Honestly there is no place like CNN to be informed.
Overall the app is decent, though it has an excessive amount of ads interspersed with the same design as actual stories which can be deceptive. I have never reviewed an app before, and love CNN, but the 10-minute free preview is WORTHLESS and insanely frustrating. I’ve actually kept track  , and only about 25% of the time do you get 5 minutes of actual reporting. 25% of the time you get GREATER THAN 8 minutes of black screen just saying “commercial break in progress”. The additional 50% is usually about 3-4 minutes of reporting. Ridiculous and honestly just kind a waste to even advertise. If you’re going to offer 10 minutes free - then make it actual airtime - and pause the timer when there is a blank screen telling me there are commercials. Frustrating...
Deleted, fake news
We need an Update to stop Fake News!!!
I can’t understand how anyone with common sense can continue to be fed this total garbage and believe it?
I’m so sick and tired of CNN. It’s more of a gossip station, you all are making us Americans look stupid, most of all making American journalists look judgmental, bitter, stupid and not thankful to be living in America.  All of you need to go live in another country. I’m so embarrassed by CNN and you do not represent the America I know. Please stop! Respect your leaders and get on with real news.
Most biased “news” by far. More like liberal propaganda. Twists everything for their agenda. Promotes racism and civil disobedience. Deletes bad reviews. National enquirer has more decency
It’s gotten so slow. Takes 30 minutes just to scroll through the stories before reaching the bottom. Freezes after reaching every story.  Content is good though. 
...is absolutely terrible! Look at iPad app vs. CNN online.
Truly just an opinion network, im getting so tired of it, what happened??????
All I see is fake news
I’ve had the app for years, but ever since Trump mentioned running for office, they have become so one-sided. It seems their goal is to divide the people in the United States and to keep people from supporting our president. I want to hear all the news...not democratic motivated news. An article i just read said “Trump Voter: Woman thinks AR-15 Is A ‘Fabulous’ Gun For Women”. Tell me that’s not an attempt to divide people based on who they voted for.
Like all the great news stories thank you CNN
CNN no longer reports the news. They just bash trump.  I have had the CNN app for years and years and I am tired of reading the garbage they publish.  I just want to read the news from and unbiased source. CNN is no longer that
Do you seriously think you can fool me? Nice try. Stop bashing on Trump with your lies.
Notifications are much slower than every other news app on my phone and most of the stories are just anti-Trump/anti-US propaganda.
CNN keeps crashing on my iphone
Best Tv Station
When I watch CNN I get an authentic feel for the world. On the other hand, when I watch FOX news I see and hear about a world that I don’t recognize.
Simply put “ it keeps me on the go” love it!!
Most truest coverage of our world 😩
I am a fan of CNN. Love the app and reporting of daily news.
Get up to date news anytime.
Way to many.
When ads load in each article the app freezes for anywhere from 5-40 seconds.  Ads should never cause an app to stop working to the point that you don’t even want to use the app anymore.
Long to load and locks up - need to delete and reload frequently.  Use another news service for online reading.  Disappointing for such a global service.
I watch CNN because they keep me up to date on a lot of issues. I don’t regularly watch news but I like this app
Love it! Real news. Real time .  The best news app ever. Keep up that great honestly work . 
I love CNN and being able to watch the news, all the specials and catch up on clips I missed using the app when I am on the go just allows me to watch that much more ❤️  Katherine  Austin, TX 
I find a CNN News app very informative for me!
No
5 star excellence Keep up the awesome work!!!
I love cnn.
Please do something about the crashing ! Whoever you are paying to make your app should be fired ! Click on a story and it crashes , click on a video and it shows the wrong video !
Slow slow slow to load
There’s a reason they are referred to as fake news.  They’re reporting is not only extremely biased but it is supported often times by opinions reported as fact, from anonymous sources (with information which turns out to be false), staged reporting and events, unfair representation of the President simply because they don’t like him, and occasionally completely false reporting for which they do not offer retractions.  CNN needs to get it together. As I said in the title the app is nice in how it functions but the news becomes unreadable and unreliable almost instantly.
Constantly crashes. Takes forever to load. Freezes constantly durning scrolling. Yours is the only app on my phone with this problem. I’ve had to delete & reload multiple times. Please fix. My only other options would be to get the Fox News app or just go on being ignorant. So I guess that means just one option really. Ignorance. C’mon CNN. Do better. Thanks!
I’m a news junky and need this app to work well.  Often it freezes and causes me great frustration as I’m simply looking to digest the news.  I’m also noticing that many news reports are being filed with grammatical and spelling errors. I’m sure my review has plenty of typos so who am I to cast stones. This lack of editorial review is not just on CNN articles but is becoming more prevalent in other news articles I’m seeing online. Writing an intro paragraph, with typos, followed by screenshots of twitter posts is not journalism.  Is it?  Showing my age perhaps?  I certain the dev team that supports this app is working to remediate the bugs and will have this app working seemlessly.  I look forward to upgrading to a 5 Star review.  But until then...
Great  ic app with up to date news
Let me be clear and focused that this is a review of the CNN Apple TV app, and not of the news channel.  The app is not ready for prime time. If you can design a lifestyle that does not include it, then I would certainly recommend that. It works sometimes, but often not at all. It works for a while and then stops. It makes you log in constantly—like once a week—to prove that you have a cable subscription that includes CNN, and about 33% of the time that login doesn’t work, leaving you without a functioning CNN app for days, until for some unknown reason it starts to accept your login again. I have the right cable subscription (yes I am paying for CNN) and I stay current with their bills. I am a tech savvy guy, quite resourceful, patient, and I am willing to work around reasonable challenges. This app is simply not reasonable, in terms of the way it treats CNN’s paying customers.  The Apple TV version of the CNN app is actually even worse. Same problems, more frequent. (So... -1 stars for that one?) 
The latest version of the app is horrible and unusable.
This is about the app not the company. Stop inflating the app rating because you like the company.  Never works 
I only watch CNN ! They are best !
I always tune in to CNN for the live news  when at work. Thanks. 
I trust my CNN app on my phone to give me solid, honest and informed reporting on current events throughout the day. I see through all the BS that is slung from vested interests about honest reporting. It really should be known that if the coverage is not favorable, certain persons label it as fake news. They are not fooling me. Keep on keepin on CNN.  Keep up the honest reporting and let the chips fall where they may. Long live the free press.
Best app
I don't know what they did to this app, but it is no longer possible to watch CNN live. The only options are to read news and to watch pre-recorded videos.   I can do this on the website. Such a waste of time! 
Why not offer a  IAP VIP function， remove all Ads and focused on the topic i just interested?
Why does the app insist on the download of a ne version every time I open the app on the iPad? It doesn't do that on the iPhone. This is going on for months now.  PLEASE FIX THIS, it's extremely annoying! 
This is the worst app I've ever used. it never works because I keep getting messages such as...."you're not authorized to use this app"...."you have to many open streaming to use this App"...."NULL"....I've tried deleting the app and reinstalling it. Logging out and back in. Even resetting my phone and nothing works!!!!!! This is truly the worst app I have ever tried to use. I would not recommend this to anyone!!!!!
Excellent and up to date newscast.
The app as a whole is fine, but for about a month or more, I’ve been getting a pop up asking me to download an updated version. I’ve followed the directions and I continue to get this pop up. Is this a bug? If so, get rid of it please.
Everything about this app is anti-president/America..I’m neither democrat or republican...I’m American and this news feed does nothing but trash talk our president and government. So tired of the negativity. I’ll spend my time elsewhere positively affecting our amazing country ✌🏼
Unfortunately I had to delete the app after it became apparent they manipulate the stories to push their agenda. Its ashame that we cant just get straight up unbiased news.
I enjoy the CNN app, but every time I open it, it says I need to upgrade to a new version. Yet when I try to do that, I am already on the latest version and it says to open the app. It's a pain to have to go to the App Store in order to actually open CNN.
CNN is a dependable news source. I hear what people are saying on all sides of the issues. I appreciate hearing what is being said by all sides of the political spectrum, especially by different types of media. Hearing what our elected officials are saying brings clarity to the issues. No guess work, just the facts coming straight from the mouth! I enjoy all the other topics as well so that I can laugh as well as being informed. Thanks CNN!!
I like CNNs news and would love to be able to access it on my phone, but I can no longer do that using this app. It freezes constantly - upon opening, when selecting an article, when reading an article. I am deleting this app now.
Great! Awesome! Love getting my on go morning news fix with CNN!
Get real cnn
I love CCN. They have the most honest, progressive, passionate, caring, non biased News anchors that I trust and Rely on. Keep up the great work. Please continue to represent the people of the United States by not backing down from this uphill battle with the worst fake president of all time. How is this monster the president!!!!! Trump supporters are truly pathetic
Not bad hold Town halls multi-city live stream sanctuary cities and higher violence cities bring your expertise to to people
This is where I get my unbiased news unlike State TV (aka Fox “News”).
I want to be able to thumbs up or thumbs down news articles. I want to be able to respond to articles that are absolutely stupid and articles that are absolutely phenomenal and moving! I want to be able to include my feedback about what I think about the news that is being shared.
This is fake news. #maga #trump2020 #dtom 
I use CNN as my news source, I do not believe in fake news. Fake news is something you don’t want to hear although it is the truth. What would Walter Cronkite say? 
If you want to hear liberal lies then this is the app for you.
It freezes and crashes all the time.
I like cnn app on Apple TV.The issue I am facing is - it always logs me out of appletv whenever iOS/CNN updates their software/app.it expects me to re-authenticate all the time.
I depend on this app all day, every day.
I just want a news app that tells me when big world events happen. This isnt it. I originally downloaded it and received about 8-10 notifications a day... way too many considering the content was basically just what trump ate for breakfast and his golf scores. I found in the settings that you can turn down notifications to"0-2 a day/ Just the big stuff". I thought it would be better but i haven't noticed a difference at all since making the settings change. Still getting around 8 garbage notifications a day. Deleting this app and going to AP app.
CNN app is just that good and CNN should always be respected for the quality... News
I am trying to log in using my directTV information and it will not authenticate. Very frustrating.
It gives me every aspect of the news nationally or internationally. I travel a lot so this app is my morning newspaper and my evening news.
App is well designed however chock full of liberal biased fake news. No surprise CNN is failing financially as the republican boycott keeps beating revenues down.
FCC has identified CNN as propaganda news network. Fake to the core and bias.
My only complain is that sometimes the “live TV” options disappears for no reason, and your forced to watch short segmented videos. At that point I tune out.
If ever a time for News to be Authentic and balance it is Now! CNN tells and gives it like it is happening - Straight - unfiltered - unbiased  - honest! Thanks CNN!
I tried but I can't do it anymore!  I grew up watching CNN and always knew I would get unbiased news, not anymore!  I'm not even a Trump fan but all CNN is is Trump/conservative bashing, it's impossible to keep this app anymore or watch your station.  Please go back to your old ways, it's worked much better!
App serves its purpose.  As for the news itself, to get a truthful view of events, one must balance this news with Fox and other INDEPENDENT sources.  I’m old enough to remember true news.  What passes today is definitely slanted.  And people stick to their extreme view whichever direction.
That says it all..
Thanks for Providing real-time breaking news. It keeps me abreast of Current events and allows me to accurately keep in focus The big picture Of the Trump administration. Without this information the big picture would  become quickly muddeled and confused
News and stories are so slanted and biased that it is nearly useless
Outstaning in Elglish What about one for CÑÑ..? CÑÑ is outstanding along with Conclusiones and Fernando Del Rincon is the most..! 
It’s always asking to enter user name and password, even though I’m a spectrum subscriber. I’ve changed password so many times I have no idea what it is any more
Great go to for news on demand. Thank you.
This news app is pretty cool but I won’t go crazy over it but it is worth the time to look at the app and see if you like it but I real like it so am going to keep this app I think you should at least give it a look .
Best news show Period.  Honest & truthful.
The app is worse. There are ad breaks all the time, then the news does not come back. Really horrible.
This site is so misleading and preys on our ignorance.  Stay far away!!!
I finally have had to uninstall the CNN app. I really liked getting breaking news updates, but the Trump vs. CNN rivalry has been taking the place of other news. I don’t need breaking news updates about what Trump’s tweeting. I can read those on Twitter.
This is a good at but every time I open it on my iPad it tells me I need to download the latest version.  It then directs me to the Apple to the App.  There is no update, just an “open” button which I click and I’m taken right into the app.  Strange.
CNN is a joke
You are fake news - Trump
This app will stop responding to screen touches, on both my iPhone X, and iPad Air 2.  I have to quit this app, and restart it, to restore functionality.  Accessing CNN from Safari, is more reliable. 
I love, love cnn app. It’s a must read for me everyday
Great
I Thank your business and message something we need Thanks
Always like the up to date news and the in deepth information given by CNN
Every day your main concern is president Trump. As have been said for many mental health experts, it looks likes,he has a NPD (Narcisistic Personality Disorder). You should know that the more you refer to his twitter compulsion, the more you are feeding this behavior. Like or dislike,he is the president of USA. There are an enormous amount of news that concerns a majority of people, and that has lead to reed and watch BBC and many others news companies,and not yours, because  CNN´s obsession related to Donald Trump twitters. 
4.7 stars? What a joke!!! It had 1 Star just a little while ago. And now it’s Apple approved? Sounds like the numbers are messed with. If you want lies and deceit this is the place for you. Only have it to keep an eye on the lies.
Regarding the trend to go to all video and audio news, please remember that those of us who are hard of hearing prefer text or at least captioning on videos. Thanks.
"Fake news" is far from the truth! CNN is not even news! The narratives of fiction created hourly are like childrens storys!! Along with the "anti-American" "anti-white" people racist monologue only a very shallow and ignorant person would listen to such themes day in n day out! Truth and grounded logic have no place on this channel. Most "every" article are laced with childish inserted lies promoting racism, sexism, anti-americanism and just endless divisions of people into groups against American values, culture and history! People who believe in channels like cnn are just lost! The truth is out there but they really don't want the truth becouse it doesn't fit with their beliefs or help them feel good about their selves! What a bunch of nonsense our culture has become when the likes of don lemon is considered a "news reporte" and not a racist! REALLY?!??
I would like the opportunity to read the stories on my I-Pod like on my phone...I'm not a Republican...I can read and I am often in a place where listening is not an option...this new app. Is terrible...
So far what I have read I have found enjoyable on this site.
CNN has made an art form out of taking the truth and twisting it like salt water taffy.  Lies and distortions are their bread and butter.  Real journalism died when clueless CNN commentators started interviewing their own biased commentators and called it “breaking news” 24 hours a day. Any lie they think will get ratings is what they report. Very sad.
This is NOT a news app. First of all, you have to agree to a lengthy and questionable legal terms of service to use the app. There are only three topics dispersed throughout a handful of news stories. Every video has an ad before it. Really CNN, this is the best you can do?
I ❤️ CNN!!!
I love how CNN reports the news! Very factual and informative not like some channels that portray themselves as “news” but are actually considered as entertainment.. (wink wink)
Phenomenal and relentless pursuit of TRUTH.  Great job of TRUE journalism.  You set the bar.  Keep up the very tough fight.  Don’t back down.  Please continue to counter the sad and relentless distorted lies of FOX.
Fake news ?  : BS !! This is the one and only voice that speaks the truth .( alternative? BS)
An abortive and ultimately doctored "news source", Unless you find charm in watching the current  president get continuously   witch-hunted for calling this company of vile scum out for what it really is. As a note, deleting negative reviews about your app isn't helping to solve this problem anytime soon.
And CNN reports the truth.
My favorite application!!!
Everything is spun in favor of the Democrats.  Rare bad press for the left.  A lot of fake news and outrage against the right.  Unreadable unless you’re a gullible leftist.
Nothing but slander and gossip. Get back to real honest reporting. This app is is fine for those who hate the USA and God fearing people.
Thanks for the TRUTH!
Thank you for wasting two years of our lives telling us that Trump colluded with Russia.
Name the app"Go" and then keep it on commercial breaks for minutes. Just perfect! 9/10 times when it's back from it's lengthy commercial breaks, it's time for it's users to go. Fail in my opinion. Other than that it's a news app which is fairly okay but full of spam/junk ads, which you don't expect from CNN.
Never in the history of US media has there been a more biased and vile news organization.  Mainstream journalism continues to die daily at CNN
LOVE IT! FOR LIFE
Thank you CNN for this app...I can watch live stuff and time... my heart goes out to the families who lost their luv ones...
Excellent coverage of the facts. Facts matter!
I haven't found many of the articles to be reliable. I compare my stats and information across multiple sources and CNN has been consistently lackluster. I will no longer use this source.
No need to say more CNN will always get my support as long as they speak the truth
I enjoy getting just the right amount of CNN notifications throughout the day, and congratulate CNN for exposing Trumpolini and his rancid cast of characters.  Keep up the great job!
And that's a lot more than I can say for far-right media like breitbart, drudge report, or Fox News..I know CNN and other media can't always be 100% precise or accurate but I know they try, unlike the fake news put out by mainstream right wing media.
For saving the dignity of the nation For telling the truth.   Your competition is biased. 
I understand that CNN is a one-sided, opinion-based, activist organization BUT at least allow the users to turn off notifications. They are all mostly about Trump. Uninstalling
Guys, your hard work and dedication in keeping us informed it is outstanding, thank you CNN
News is about “new” events that have high importance.  When 90% of the news is about just one subject day after day, albeit an important subject, one wonders if the motivations are aligned with the true spirit of reporting “news”.  This behavior has an adverse effect, and perhaps, that’s the true intent and CNN in reality is in fact a Trump supporter.                        Signed:  Not a republican, not a Trump supporter. 
CNN was my choice of network news. But since the 2016 election coverage I lost interest. I could not help seeing the bias in their news. I only watch it now if someone turns on the TV and CNN is on.   CNN hates Trump and Republicsns. That is obvious. They no longer respect the non-judgemental code of ethics by which all journalists subscribe to. They have become  a Trump  basher   network. All they report  on is the latest negatives of Trump. CNN journalists have no clue how Americans are living when neighborhood s change, when immigrants get better medical service as I recently saw first hand in an emergency room where I was left on a gurney for hours without attention. Yet people with little or no insurance got taken care of by minority staff. That's how it happens they take care of their own.  I don't hate immigrants but it makes me wonder what happens to my family financial status when our taxes take care of people who never fought a war. When south Koreans buy neighborhoods, open Korean only businesses that prefer helping Korean customers over Americans. I know since I lived in one of those neighborhoods. Now. South Korea forgets about Americsns who fought their war. Opening their arms to North Korea. Then what happens when it falls apart?  Americans have to help them again?  CNN go to these neighborhoods and face the discrimination Americans face because they are now a minority  I will give you credit on gun control. Our President and Congress need to disband the NRA. They should not be allowed to.accept campaign money. It's like accepting money from ISIS. ARE all our government officials whores?  Have. They lost touch with humanity?   CNN no Trump bashing just action to stop gun violence. You have the.power now put it to good use!!  You do this and I will have your back  I do not think a wall will help us from drug trafficking. Dealing with Mexivo and letting them know they need to take care of their people and not drug lords which we all know they do!!  Been there too as well as ElPaseo and Juraez. Mexican people are not bad. Just complacent. They need to fight back. We can't protect everyone st the cost of Americand  Marilyn 
It’s like carrying my tv around with me. It helps me stay up to date with what’s going on in the world.
For me this is the best news app out there. It’s always up-to-date and just the right amount of detail. It is easy to use which is a bonus.
I just wanted to say, for CNN being “fake news” it sure has a better rating than Fox News. Anyway, I love CNN they aren’t afraid to report the facts and have many types of people on their show from both sides of the fence. Unlike Fox News who only ever has the alt right on their programming for the most part. That and they constantly won’t let their Democratic guests talk either. In all, thank you CNN for being the light in a dark tunnel!
It's just right on?
Love everything and everyone at CNN. Watch 24/7. Thank you.
I call my CNN because it has played a large part in providing  the best details and live news on my IPad  and IPhone and Computer. ABC-ACTION NEWS is Second but it Mostly local. CNN IS NUMBER ONE. There is no other news that provides News from around the world. You have the best Commentators. TV included.   Thank you.  Charles Rapelyea 
One thing I must say, I hav been watching cnn for years and you guys are the most honest, up to date, credible, reliable, compassionate, unbiased, professional, lovable, caring, respectful, knowledgeable, informative, I can go on! Please I watch CNN in my car, at my job, in the bathroom  and even when I am reading, I am obsessed! Thank you  CNN for good reporting, God bless W 
But I would like to here less abought Trump. Because we have big time News also. 🙏. Peace For America and the World
Garbage
The most honest and most informative News I’ve ever watched.
I get up to the minute news all the time from this mobile app. I’ve even tested the app vs live tv and the updates are incredibly fast. Thank you.
Every time I go to the CNN site on my iPhone and iPAD, I am told I need to download a new version of the app before I can use the website. Every single time. I am a news junkie and used to almost exclusively start my morning’s scan of the news on the old CNN site and used to watch Anderson Cooper or Don Lemon LIVE if I was out at night. Not anymore. Too bad. Please fix bug.
Anderson Cooper is amazing!
I love all of the notifications and the clean design of the app, although it could be cleaner. I think If CNN moved more towards facts instead of opinion, they would be doing better. My only other complaint is that they attach videos to some articles that are not relevant to the news. The app could be cleaner and simpler, something that young people appreciate.
No thanks don’t interrupt my viewing
Real news all the time
I am one of millions who depend on CNN for honest and vetted news and I am on there every day.  There have been times when I really wanted to comment on a story but it is never clear how to text the presenter.
I’ve viewed the same Chevron commercial at least 7 times as I read through articles. Annoying and I will not be supporting annoying Chevron for disturbing my morning news time.
Just admit it CNN... I think we all would have more respect for you if you’re just honest about being pro liberal and anti-Trump.  It’s so obvious.  Lots of opinion articles...no hard news it seems.  You’ve got an agenda.  I get it.  Btw, sometimes your app freezes and doesn’t load properly.  I like your app design, especially what appears to be article previews (gifs maybe), and large article pictures.  Just wish you’d be on the ‘straight and narrow’ with us. Report the news, stop the partisan narrative, please...thanks for listening...
Deleting this app. Can’t stand news apps that feel the need to announce winners via message so you can’t avoid it. Announce a teaser and I will click if I want to know the winner. Classless.
Love to get news that is real, as it’s happening and investigative. I appreciate hearing different points of view and the never-ending courage to fight gaslighting from the current broken White House.
CNN the best news app!
CNN isn’t anti-trump...They’re pro truth.  I wonder if a PhD candidate in Psychology could do a correlation of Fox/CNN viewer IQs.  Of course, the result would ‭‭be classified as “fake news.”
I like having the ability to keep up with the news no matter where I am.  CNN provides people with up to date accurate news. Thank You !
CNN Is not fake news.
Love it. Love it. Love it
My source of news, love them AC360, DON LENNON, TAPPER 
Why do I get message EVERY time open the CNN app to download update?  When I go there, to the App Store, the app is open.. me updates are correct.  Can't give this app a five star rating.
Too much about politics and not enough news. 3/4 of the articles are about Trump. I get it, you don't like Trump.
I like CNN but hate this app, flooded with adds and crashes.
The description reads as if they have fixed the ability for iPhones to use this app! Well it does work on the iPhone, but you still can not cast to Chrome cast with an iPhone!
Reliable trusted reporting for many years. Trust they vet their news unlike many others. No Russian trolls skewing theses news.
I find your briefs — videos and narratives — to be very informative and timely.
Great break from cable
Seems to have been removed, or hidden?
It’s the best News and it’s not fake News would not watch any other news channel than CNN
CNN is the clown news network!
I love CNN although there is too political commentary and not quite news on other topics that are newsworthy.
Fair and as unbiased as can be! Thumbs Up! Highly recommended! 
Love it , look very hour at work
Very high definition, well organized, easy to navigate around with different options
Provides the news straight up but allows me to choose how much of the arguments and drama I want to watch while getting the news (not much). CNN personalities give their opinions but also can listen to others
CNN can’t seem get their push notifications and “breaking news” right. The notifications are slow when they are actually important, and pushes Olympics results to people’s phones before their television broadcast.
Tired of all the FAKE NEWS from the FLAKE network. Want the real truth. Follow CNN not the political nutjobs in Washington DC or their 1% self absorbed wack jobs. Never saw a bigger pack of morons in office than what there is now! Time to VOTE OUT all the unqualified career politicians and demand REAL college degrees for future politicians. VOTE THEM ALL OUT IN THR MIDTERM ELECTIONS. Make America SANE again. BALANCE the federal deficit not the checkbooks of the 1%ers!!! 
Reliable sources
Much better but keep on innovating - the latest  (makeover) is really coo
Love CNN!  Always count on honesty and integrity when I have CNN on. It’s my go-to source for the real story on politics - with the knowledge that I’ll be be getting information in its purest form.
Most information you can get. Honest and reliable!!
an embarrassment
Staccato performance
Would like to have a search option for videos and other storyies
Alerts sometimes are not posted on app.  Just got one on Hope Hicks. Went to site.  Wasn't there.
Over the years I’ve always liked CNN. They report the news with courage and honesty. Their journalists are some of the best around.
Pretty sure the just eliminated the live feed, which is all I used the app for.
Is the most honest and best news information you can get very reliable thank you yes I love CNN i watch CNN all day everyday 
Fake News Fake News  Fake News Fake News Fake News ad nauseam ... 
The app is hard to use. No search bar (if there is one it isn’t easy enough to find). If you click a notification, it brings you to the article, but if you accidentally click another one you cannot navigate back. You also cannot click the notification again because it disappears from your past notifications on your phone. And, like I mentioned before, you can’t search for the article. Overall, the app looks nice, but is not functional enough. I need a news app I can search for the things I want to read.
I got this app so I could READ the news. If I wanted to watch it on TV I would.  The new update is not conducive to READING.  Your app keep pushing pop ups to LIVE TV. And I have to keep putting the read more options.  You have a section on the app for watching LIVE.  Leave the part that is for reading for READING.  This is very bothersome.  If you can leave the reading part fir reading. I will just have to stop using this app.
Great new app!!
Just a simple yet effective news source.
I thought I should rate one of the apps and news sources that I regularly depend on for accurate news.  And I also wanted to rate this to balance out all the negative reviews. It’s amazing how many of the one star reviews say that they use Fox News instead of CNN. Fox - an organization that had to label itself an “entertainment” station because of their biased and inaccurate stories. That’s not news. It’s propaganda.  Now more than ever the American people need to stay informed. Read a number of sources. Stay vigilant. Investigate. Question. Be vocal.  There’s no better place to start than with CNN. 
The best in news
Doesn’t really work.
Other cable channels are Chromecast ready.  Why not CNN?  All the others are up to date with technology.  CNN should be too.
Full of bias, and absolute garbage fake news! Fake, Fake, Fake. Left propaganda all day long, 24/7. There are COUNTLESS examples of fake news, where to begin! Your audiences are a bunch of mindless lemmings following you off a cliff. You are the definition of corruption!
I don’t need an app. I can watch CNN on YouTube if I’m going to sit thru an ad before each video.
Every story starts with an ad. There are other news apps.
Another Update: as the market corrected and lost ~1,000 points(down just 4%), CNN had wall to wall coverage blaming Trump for the drop. The next day, the market recovered at +600 points. There wasn’t one mention of this on CNN. FAKE NEWS at its finest.   CNN is nothing more than a wing of the DNC, constant Trump bashing and hating.   Those saying CNN is balance likely have a severe case of TDS (Trump Derangement Syndrome)  Update to my original review: it's become quite clear that CNN is actively trying to undermine the president and they are hurting the American people with their lies and propaganda.   Original review: CNN has become a corrupt news network that spreads lies. They constantly race bait and contribute to the division of the country. Stay away at all cost. You will be heavily misinformed if you trust CNN. .  Everyone I know who use to watch CNN no longer trust them. They are a joke  Edit: CNN has gotten even more insane. They constantly push the fake Russian narrative and ignore any positive news coming from the Trump administration. Both the DOW and S&P reached all time record highs and it wasn't even covered. Just more Russia BS. 
Lemon and cooper ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ you guys are just amazing thank you .. Lemon I send you my love and condolences stay strong!
Only on CNN can I get direct news as it happens.  The reporters are brilliant in their portrayal of facts and fact checking!
If Kelly, POTUS and whoever covers up when they tell lies say that it’s a joke is deceiving themselves. There’s a passage in scripture that says, “you know the tree by the fruit that is bears.” I’ve seen and heard nothing but rotten fruit.
Thanks to your App, I can keep track of breaking news when out of home, and don’t miss special moments occurring right in the moment, right there, right now ;)
CNN decided to scrape headlines and organization for the three across grid of images with headlines. I don’t need images. I was using the app for news. News involves text, not eye candy. I will likely just delete the app and look for a better source of news.  Where are categories hidden?  Why do I need five different pictures of Trump on five different articles when the pictures are unrelated to the particular headline. Why do we need to see so many stock photos. 
CNN is my number one source of news and information, whether I am watching TV at home or listening to Sirius XM in the car.
Its all fake, propaganda
That’s why I check CNN - most objective - thank you👍👍❤️
CNN NEWS, it does not lick the boots or shoes of the FAKE SPEAKING PRESIDENT TRUMP(speaks with forked tongue). like the other news station. That’s why l give it a try 5 star rating.(CNN).
You get what you expect... 💩
No Chromecast. Boooooooo!
CNN gives you the facts period. I turn on CNN each day when I want to know what’s really going on in the world! Love it and thanks! JHonoré
Complete pile of garbage. Hates America and Americans
Very good app to keep you informed of everything go around the world!
What used to be a fantastic news app is now so minimal it has become useless.
I love being able to watch CNN on my phone, anywhere, anytime, to get the latest news & updates when I’m away from home!  Thank you, CNN, for helping me get my “truth fix” whenever I want! (I listen to CNN on SiriusXM radio in my car, too!)
The CNN video does not fill in the whole screen for iPhone X. Please include for next update.
Is the casting broken on this app? I just get my iTunes music when I try to cast.
Rarely works, cannot find what I want to read about.  I deleted it and went back to the old fashioned safari browser version.  It gets worse and worse with every update.
The app is extremely awesome and well distributed.
Since you have constantly updated your app I find more crashes frozen pages or just plain nothing working. I like your app so how about you fix it so it’s worth keeping.
I’ve never seen a more biased news outlet, CNN Clinton News network.
If I could give them 0 stars I absolutely would- the way they spin these stories so that they’re not even a fraction of the truth is a slap in the face to all journalists.  Zero integrity, leading sheep to the slaughter. 
I don’t think it’s necessary for us to be signing in with our cable network provider because some of us don’t have cable network providers and we would just like to listen to the news in the go.   This will make me more inclined to watch things like the daily show or get my news from PBS if you catch my drift 
App displays nothing but the CNN logo at the bottom.
Doesn’t load after latest update.
Looks like you messed up the app. Live news shuts down after 1 minute.
When I first logged into the app I was instantly barraged with a series of news alerts. At first I was alarmed, thought our country was in peril. And but after a little bit of fact checking I realized that most if not all of the stories were false. But that isn't even the scary part.  I left the CNN app to go post a meme on Facebook. I immediately then got another security alert from CNN. I opened it, which then prompted my phone to ring. It was a journalist from CNN. He said that he could see my phone activity and that I had posted a meme about CNN. He told me if I did not remove it that they would reveal my personal identity, address, and SSN to the public. Fearing for my safety, I had no choice but to remove my meme. He said they would be keeping an eye on me and that if my behavior resumed I would regret it.  Download this app at your own risk, you have been warned! 
The only thing worse than this app is the garbage “news & rumors” the communist news network regurgitate on a daily basis.
Bias. Jesuit dialectics. Jesuit brainwashed foolish actors that shall have their reward...
Needs a landscape version to read and use.
Love it coz I always have news live on the go.... Great , user friendly...highly recommended to everyone... Thanks CNN... NEWS you can TRUST....👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 
What a stupid update.   Why would you want that noise as you open the app.   Also CNN doesnt provide news it provides liberal disease 
Most biased news station I’ve ever come across. Pathetic!
Too much politics and not enough other news.  If you created another section you could see most don’t care about the politics on Washington.
Works well on iphone 5 and delivers breaking news faster and more often than my other news apps. But, We don't need a voice at app launch, we need it or an audio tone when receiving alerts!!
James Earl Jones should be saying: This is FAKE NEWS.
Abysmal design and even worse reporting
Facts first news reporting! Most up to date news.
An audio only option would be nice so my cell battery is not drained keeping the screen light.
Thank you for being the most honest news network. I am shocked and truly amazed at what’s happening in our country right now. And how the so called President has tried to turn free press to garbage. Your anchors have integrity and ask the questions we want answered. Don’t ever waiver. Thank you.
It takes FOREVER to down load on a iPhone.  Then it freeze when scrolling through stories.  If you open this app and wait 15 minutes it works perfectly.
This app WAS very good and once deserved the high ratings. They made a major update a few months ago and the app has been terrible ever since. I hoped they would eventually fix it, but I just uninstalled it and will begin using a different news app.
Excellent reporting, can alway depend CNN to give me the facts.
After last update constant issues...freezing, not loading, crashes, On my iPhone 6s.  Do you test things before you deploy...was once good, now below sub-par👎🏼 
The best news, but get rid of Jack KIngston who will never put America first.
What CNN considers “Breaking News” and worthy of push notifications under this headline has become a joke. They have become more often distracting, useless and annoying than informative. I’m moving on.
As a life long democrat I’m ashamed and embarrassed that we’ve all been kept in the dark and lied to by CNN and other biased media outlets about the Clinton and FISA corruption and coverup. Please do your job! Your the media and your sitting on the biggest coverup and corruption story in the history of the U.S. The American people aren’t stupid! After watching the SOTU address no democrat or independent wants to be associated with the sour puss likes of Nancy Pelosi and the other old farts representing our party who refused to stand for God, our flag, our military and our country!   That’s not who Americans are!  I always thought of the Democratic Party as the true American party of the people until this past election. Since when does being a democrat mean we have to deny our God and our patriotism for our country? Your the reason that more and more people are tuning into FOX news and why Hannity is the #1 rated news show! It’s your fault for not telling the whole story! People want to know the truth and that’s why we always turned to you! The media that’s supposed to be unbiased and tell us the truth and not brainwash us into spewing hate and lies of a collusion of Trump that was made up to hide the collusion of Hillary.  The Democratic Party is going to lose the next election too if you think that Democrats and independents are going to give up their faith in God, their love for their country and their respect and love of our flag and our military! CNN I’m begging you to reveal to the American people all of the facts about the Clinton corruption.  Please use this memo to come clean to the American people and maybe you can regain their respect again before it’s too late. 
I love CNN! But the app for my iPhone is not good. It freezes, crashes, and is unreliable. Please fix this! By the way, I have an iPhone 6+, so that might be an issue, but it shouldn’t be.
The app is very focused on video content. It would be nice to have an option to see mostly or entirely text articles.
..Or much, much cheaper to be fair: as part of the cable package, I get some 90 channels for $50, with HBO and Showtime included free for the first year, and no contract lock-in, meaning that in 1 year I would find another deal, or have my wife come in as a new customer -- there are 100's ways to always use these deals, if you are not lasy and complacent to stay on top of it). In these 90 channels, at least 20 are good ones, having streaming apps, each want wanting $10 Subscribtion, or $15 for Premiums, which I have 2 included for free  That's $230 if I git all corresponding apps and bought Subscribtion. Plus periodical publications -- NYT, WashPost, HafPost, but leaving these beside the point.  Even CBS All Access -- by TG the free federally subsidized broadcast network wants Subscribtion, two levels, with some or no commercials, yet in fine print: "television brodcast has commercial breaks, so there will be corresponding interruptions." what? Even when I shelled $10 for no commercials subscribtion? Sitting in front of the message "your programming will return after commercial break" for 5 minutes every 10 minutes? CNN life broadcast via the app, has the same thing, or now they run CNN self-oromotion during these breaks -- doesn't matter if I gained access to the app through my cable subscription or dedicated subscription to the app, which, as established above is noinally ~$200/$50=4 times more expensive (however this is justified -- maybe by allbthose commercials that run on the Food network and Home Imorovement Channel, which are watched by the same people who are likely to tune not to CNN or MSNBC, but yo the GOP Propaganda Network Fox Fox news.  Now, what CNN doesn't get via cable is to re-use the material which was ones played and that's it, while in the app is is being accessed again and agaib, encresig the net viewership of that programing. You don't have to be a genius to figure out how to minimize on that, and there are much more than one way. That should be driving ROI into that material which on TV is only run ones, and seen only  by those who happen to be watching, not all those millions who would come to watch it on-demand, on their time, which TTY heoreticaticaly should be a larger viewership, if the access to the app was made available in a smart way, not to rip off early adopters of the future (this is akin to when banks 10-15 years ago were surcharging for access to your account info via the Web, and now the trans is for the inyernent-onnly, branchless banks -- I want to see now those geniuses nowbwho were deciding to charge for the on-line access, come and proudly say publicly that it was me who was making those STUPID decisions). Going against progress  and halt innovation is always STUPID, because being so close-minded to recognize and exploit new opportunities and lead the technology-fueled revolution is petty, the opposite we feel towards disruptors like Apple and Amazon.  But back to the point, one very important thing that will never happen with cable TV, and which is guaranteed with consuming programming via the app -- is the social sharing aspect. The amount of promotion of your material which the app users would freely give you, and the monetization opportunities from reusing of the same programming already created and used only once on cable TV, is a true treasure troub. But in course one need to embed sharing capabilities into the app, which, again, it's highest potential for keep raising  the ROI on the programing which is already created and normally would be destined to the archives, where as here it could be re-used and monetized again and again. But yesterday, there was no way to share State of the Union by sending, testing or posting a link to it from CNN app which was broadcasting it for free (even to attract new customers to the existing mode of use of the app, nevermind the future ways which I just discussed. What a pathetic loss of free advertisement and growing your customer base which doesn't cost anything, like running ads about your mobile up. And I haven't even touched on the big data analytics that could be tapped by studying what people watch and and what actually try uskky earns try be most ROI to drive the ways of presenting the newsreporting and clearly separating it from the commentary, run pilots and study the response to the new innovative ways for news reporting and presentation, and even maximizing the attention viewers pay to the advertisement, to be able to achieve the same or better results for the advertisers, your revenue sources, while running less adds, have them be less disruptive to the viewers, consumers of YOUR core product, simply by enabling artificial intelince to drive the best and optimal placement for adds, which could oersonalized for each individual online viewer, what is impossible via cable broadcast; I can bet that switching to Googke Adwords in the our app and keep growing intelligence about each individual user of the streaming app, would alone quadroople your ad revenue, because you wouldn't need to run ads of the Alzheimer's and Hippotitus drugs to people who don't need it and are only annoyed by it, while you can be advertising  travel for those who travel, and education for those who are on the verge of signing up for the on-line courses. Borrow a page from Google, it's now a public knowledge how try hey make money and and have people not hate advertisement, and most importantly for the advertizers -- increasing their ROI in asvetizement, by driving u pool the rates if conversion to the levels undreamed of by playing the same stupid stuff for everybody.  Mark my words, in 10 years you would be looking for ways to convert yu our pay paying cable viewers to the the free users I'd your online steaming apps (yes, many apps, more channels to be be able to do better customer segmentation via the whole slew of the parameters, and the Politcak palls would gathered always, in a real time. This is not even furure 
Looks like all of the reviews are done by trolls.  Give me a break!    Bad Trump, good Clinton dems. Bad police, good thugs.   Your channel used to set the standard now you're little more than a political mouthpiece for the democrats      Sad!! 
I get my CNN fixes with this app.
It would be nice if we could minimize the app and still hear the sound (so users can check messages or emails) or even just have the tiny screen hovering in the corner. Sorry for the lack of technical verbiage.
CNN is one of  my most favorite station  it tells how it is . Can’t stomach Fox News I think they should get off air.  You watch the cast , is as if they are there to show their make up and suits they got on instead of giving us the truth and what is happening
I find CNN to tell the truth.
CNN has alway and will always be our first choice to hear about current events.
After watching CNN most people don’t need to see a campaign.  It’s utterly ridiculous
Some of us dont hear and need to read topic on the video
CNN is the most made up garbage you can slap on TV these days . They are almost as bad as Kim Jung Un and continue to pollute the minds of Americans with socialists and communists garbage
I use multiple news apps, and by far CNN is the most biased app with nonsense tabloidesqe stories. I’m finished with this hot trash app
No thought on the users or their experience. As if you didn’t think this through.
I hate to say it but no wonder fox gets more viewers. I mean guys there is no way that someone up high at cnn hasn’t realized how slow the app is. Certainly on iOS. I love cnn, it is my primary source for news but this app is terribly slow. Please fix it.
Love all world around news
What Van said is true. There are cultural differences through out the diversity of our countrymen. Until we stop evading open communication and wanting to know why we are so divided, nothing will unite us. The Stars and Stripes on our flag and the meanings given to the flag, has not and does not represent nor include ALL AMERICANS, citizens or not, the protesters are trying to open your eyes, hearts, and minds to recognize, accept, and admit this, and offer apologies with sincerity by attempting to make all inclusive decisions and changes as a step forward.  Bottom line, that is not showing disrespect, it’s exposing truth and facts.  A spade is a spade and fat meat is greasy.  Together we can be everything you portray us to be and a heck more.  In GOD WE TRUST IS WHY WE WERE EVERYONE’S DREAM.  It is still our motto.
I don’t want your fake new. Stop sending me notifications already!
Face News Network (FNN)
App works well, too bad it's fake news.
It’s very much truth biased.
Could not face another minute with Trump as President without you
I’ve gotten the same notification from CNN and Apple News about the Hawaiian missile thing like 20 times. Stop!
My CNN Notifications have been going off for the past 20 minutes and won’t stop...  They keep coming back to back every 12-15 seconds...
Please turn off the alerts!
I always like this app until today... I have just gotten the same news alert every 10 second for an hour and its still going . I deleted the app and downloaded it again and then turned off notifications and nothing is stopping it . Never been more irritated with an app .
A lot of push notifications with this app... which is great because it’s like scanning the headlines.  The problem is that at least half of the time when you click on the notification, it sends you to the App Store to update and then the notification disappears.  Half the time you miss the article all together,  so basically the app exists mostly to update.
Dear devs pls stop spamming me about the worker who triggered Hawaii's fasle ballistic missile. Tnx
I don't like iPhone or Watch apps. CNN is largely dishonest fake news and I've had enough.  Fox News is MUCH better.
I love CNN but too biased toward the dem side to the point of being nocious. U will lose me if you don’t act fair soon. Even if you hate Trump, u should respect the office offbeat the of presidency.john
So very fake and biased!
I really don't like the layout.  There is no top-level navigation screen (that I can find), and it is not at all obvious that you have to swipe the lead picture left or right to access the other news sections.  If there was an instruction guide, it has now disappeared from the launch window.  I much prefer the navigation layout of NBCNews or USAToday.  Version 5.10 review.  The format is better, but it takes a loooong  time to load on iPad.  It also seems use use 2 to3% battery power in just a few minutes of use. 
Navigation is cumbersome in the mobile app. I am sure it can be improved.  Also, it would be great to show choice of new selection beside big news. 
The performance of the App is a disservice to the content. It takes ages to load up and when changing between news items sometimes it freezes! 
Keep it up with the good job.True will always be on our side.  Many cheers! @paulosiqueira 
Great app being I love it news is always up to date
Great news coverage with true balance on TV and the Internet! The only flaw I have seen is there it’s not always easy to share videos! Perhaps it’s more me than the site.
Good news channel
Lately the app will just freeze, noticed when I try to scroll any page. If I wait long enough, it will come back, but I'm usually impatient so I just force quit. Very annoying.
Thank you CNN!  Now, more than ever it is important to state and restate the FACTS!
Great app.  I use it daily.  That place to go for FACTS.  Every time 45 screams “Fake News” about CNN, I know they’ve struck a cord that his fragile ego can’t handle.  Keep up the good work, CNN!
It’s always locking and lagging now.  Started with one of the big ios updates recently.  I'm on a 6 plus but it's almost useless now.
CNN app is my window to the world. I will be in the dark without it!
I appreciate the accurate and honest reporting that CNN produces on a daily basis despite oppositional criticism. I know I can simply open my app and get the truth. Thank you all for your tireless efforts to help truth and justice prevail. I know the hardworking journalists are at times putting their family, loved-ones, and personal interests at risk everyday to deliver the American people the truth. Thank you, thank you!
I like this app but over the last month it takes forever to open on my new iPad. Sometimes it never opens.  What the hell!    I probably delete the app and use Google news.  It opens right up and is more up to date with news stories.  Fix this app! 
CNN is a great news organization- they should ask the app maker for their money back until they fix it. Scrolling issues, slow to load etc..... it used to work well
Keep up the good work!
Love being able to get CNN Breaking News as it’s happening.
So slow on an iPhone 6 thatvit is unusable.
As always, CNN does a fantastic job providing timely, in-depth coverage of the news.  However, the app has become very slow and I find myself turning to other news sources like BBC out of frustration.  Please fix the app CNN!!
Every time it loads there is a message that it needs to be updated!!! Can you please fix this in your next release??
Constantly freezes when scrolling and tries to redirect to their live content without clear obvious navigation back to regular content. I liked the older version better.
Love CNN ! Very American! The America i want to live in. Tolerant and more for coexistence, equal rights, opportunities and transparent news
Do you ever wonder why this network is called cnn because this channel is the crooked news network who will give you the wrong information on politics and pretty much everything else I love this app and the amount of garbage the people over at cnn put out there to the people of America to watch so download this app today to here the Clinton news network rant about how much they hate trump
CNN does a great job of reporting unbiased news from around the world.
I used to like this app for reading lies from the left side so I can compare them with the lies from Fox News on the right. Somewhere in the middle I find the truth. Unfortunately the app became glitchy and eventually stopped working. It remains glitchy but somewhat better.
Progress for the future of the world is wonderful to be seen by our next generation!
Loads slow, hangs up. Wish I could go back to previous version. Anybody care?
Super
Grabbing some color good love the way it works keep it up
I would like to thank and congratulate Van Jones for a job well done on his new show!   Van’s interview with Jay Z was right on point and comprehensive.  I felt very proud seeing men of color presented in such a positive light.  Also, I feel that the van ride was ingenious!  Please keep the van ride in future episodes.  Thank you CNN!
What I like about my CNN app is that I feel that I get a thorough understanding of what is going on in today’s world. I just open my app and I get what’s going right now as well as what is trending and I can get to this anywhere and at anytime. Currently, and I love my provider but I cannot connect to the Live 📺 TV which bothers me and I will call my provider because my Internet connection just keeps going round and round which is very unusual.
Look at Fox News app headline and then look at CNN’s all headlines. When I look at Fox all I see is them digging up dirt on other news networks and they’ll change the news to boost their own opinions. And they almost always report stuff on celebrities, on the front page. CNN tells the important stuff and when they do give opinionated reports it even says “opinion” on it. Fox News is all opinion. I trust CNN to let me know what’s going on in the world. People only want to hear what they want, the second they hear something bad about the world or someone/something they like they call it fake news. In this world now negativity is fake news and positivity is the only real news. Don’t always tell people what they want to hear, keep reporting the news. Keep up the good work CNN.
Thank you, I mean every word of it.  Thank you for focusing on this issues.   Thank you for your information, thank you for focusing on the people’s issues. 
What the heck happened to CNN??? Used to be a good network. Useless now.
Great Awesome App! It’s great
Your use of video has slowed my iPad to a crawl...
I Love this CNN app......I look for the news there Every morning!  However, this morning some of the articles would not open.  And the page/screen wouldn’t move smoothly when trying to go up or down.  And some of the videos had glitches in them. But, I’m keeping it, and I recommend it! 
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen of CNN,  Thank you for your courageous commitment to keeping us well informed during these increasingly tumultuous times. The survival of American democracy relies on the the persistence toward and the defense of truth rooted in real facts. An apple is an apple! Keep up the great work!🍎  Brendan Reade Ohio swing-voter 
Every time I want to read something this thing pops up telling me I have to down load.  Then I can’t find the article I want to read.  This was great until that started.
Always updating. I can see what is going on around the world. CNN does not slight the truth. I love the courage and character of each reporter. Thank you again 👍🏾
Y’all r stupid and Fox News is the news channel that Americans can trust
I logged in with my TV providers info to view the shows online. It still has twice as many commercials and it won’t let us fast forward! This feels super outdated and old. No younger people will continue to watch your channel if you keep this up. Greed is ruining it. Please change!!!
This app is becoming increasingly frustrating as it locks up when trying to scroll through stories. This was supposed to have been fixed in a previous update, however at least on my device it seems to have become worse.
I really really like the CNN app. I like it because it goes straight to the point. You get the bottom line up front, you do not have to dig through all the noise to get to what the truth what is really going on so CNN keep it going. In addition to that, I really like that there are so many different perspectives given on any given topic.
I appreciate your commitment to reporting a broad array of news and commentary. Please continue to be honest and unbiased
Great way to get news 24-7
It is really great , truthfulness and international net of news , I admire it ; so I always follow its latest news . Thanks .
I’m a fan of CNN reporting but hate their app, at least this version loads but I want to see the news not be pushed to watch videos with bad ads.  The app is too black and overly optimized to video.  Give me an option to see multiple news articles instead of having to scroll through overly large photos.  Gave the app a try because I’m moving away from Facebook for CNN, which I originally went to because the app at the time was just broken and wouldn’t load. 
Daily morning updates get me going, quickly.  Continual updates throughout the day keep me going.  The best!
I live in the hills in California, with slow internet, not in a city where there are more choices. I wait for your app to come up & then the pictures to load. Scrolling down is an exercise in patience, it just locks up. I usually quit & try different news feed that actually works! I may just delete it.
Every time I open the app it asked me to update a quick update and it will not update garbage. Besides that they really pretended to be bias I wish they would just come out and say the Democrat news network.
A couple of weeks ago the CNN app on my iPhone 8 started freezing up for up to a minute or more. Sometimes it’s only a few seconds. Other times I have to close out and reopen the app. It’s getting pretty annoying so if it isn’t just me that’s experiencing this I hope a fix is coming soon. Note that nothing else on my phone is doing the same thing.   On the flip side I like CNNs reporting and I think the articles and opinion pieces are interesting reads. It’s a quick and easy way to catch up on non local news. 
It’s good to get factual and concise information on what’s actually going on when others claim them to be filled with lies. The finger pointers from allied news agencies try to block the truth. When will they accept the truth and allow this nation to heal. I’ve never been so embarrassed about what going on today with today’s so called leaders. What are they hiding. The truth and nothing but the truth.
Keep doing what you are doing! Keep them honest; especially that lying Trump and his minions.
It’s like a bunch of ditch diggers and toilet cleaners got a hold of some microphones and cameras and thought they were now reporters!lol,help America out cnn  go back to what your good at and grab a bucket and mop and do your thing.Thank you and have a great day.
It is too bad that so many foreign persons rely upon this app for their view of American politics.  Not worthy of respect.
I love the app and it runs smoothly, I just wish it had a Chrome Cast tab.
Love the app. Love that it's captioned as I am deaf. It keeps me up to date in world news and news in America . I just wish it rolled more smoothly through my phone. But overall I think CNN tells it like it is.
It’s very reliable
Fake news
CNN used to be my go-to app for news.  With their recent big format change, no more.  The initial page takes forever to load now, and freezes on me constantly.    As far as updated stories, I can often get news sooner from a local app from Fargo than I can from CNN.  They need to devote more tech and news resources to their electronic delivery.
I checked out the news on the CNN app before going to bed last night then went to sleep. I had about 30-40% battery left which should have been plenty to get to morning. Except when I woke up my phone was completely dead. Once charged some I checked battery usage (iphone x, settings, battery) it said that in the last 24hrs the CNN app had used 43% of my battery. Which is nuts. I cringe to think how much data is was drawing that whole time...good thing I was in my WiFi.   Please look into this! 
I use this app to grab the news I want when I need it it's there at my finger tips five star app use 4 or more times a day the new is changing all day and the cnn app keeps you up to date do you want to stay on top of news in this country or around the world the CNN app is for you
I strive to read multiple viewpoints when formulating opinions. CNN used to be a good place to go to read valid perspectives on current issues. They have steadily strayed into outright false propaganda and falsehoods. The final straw was a "news" story suggesting that cuckold may be healthy for couples. I felt like I was reading some lousy magazine written by teenagers.  I am interested in important news, not this kind of garbage.
Home of real journalism
I work three jobs and am rarely home to watch TV. The mobile app. Is a fabulous resource that allows me to get up to date news during work breaks and commute times.
CNN is the place for news. They present balanced reporting that is carefully vetted. For world and political reporting the CNN staff is top notch. I rely on CNN to keep it honest.
Hold s politicians accountable. Well researched stories. Professional journalism.
I’m updating this review to 5 stars because today they aren’t running their incredibly lame self-promotional ads that you have to watch 10 times an hour.  Now that I don’t have to turn down the volume every five minutes so I don’t have to watch Weir pretend to be a college student touring Europe I see a lot more news and a lot less Weir which is GREAT.  Oops, back to 2 stars for showing the same self-promoting ads every 5 minutes.  I’m already watching CNN you idiots.  I don’t need to watch 20 ads an hour asking me to watch CNN.  Also, on the ipad pro, once you minimize the video you have to restart the app to get back to full screen. 
This app use to work like a charm. Something happened recently where the app takes a long time to load and it gets really glitchy. Really frustrating to use.
I absolutely love The Cnn app. It is very informative, gives great updates on current events, and the videos are amazing.
The only reason CNN receives high scores is because 99% of the people responding with comments are CNN fans and worshippers of “Fake News”!!!  I’m thankful to be in the 1% who accidentally found this site and responded.
My highest commendation to CNN, for their incredible work of journalism. Thank you CNN, for getting the FACTS right on ALL issues and reporting them to us. Please continue the great work, despite all efforts of intimidations from the highest level in the land.  My highest KUDOS to CNN’s Don Lemon, Wolf Blitz, Anderson Cooper, Erin Burnet, Chris Cuomo, Jim Schuito, ALL the Unsung Heroes and Staff behind the scene.   The FIRST AMENDMENT Shall Never die nor be silenced in the USA. 
Bluetooth Streaming functionality would be a nice improvement to the app.
This news team tries their best to obliterate fake news and conspiracy theories. We need to keep pushing back on racism and antisemitism. We are a country of diversity. I would like less video and more text.
Informative app.
This is about the app itself. It’s horrible and gets worse with every release. Takes forever to start, scrolling is so choppy you can barely navigate. I suspect this is because a large amount of the content seems to be ads that load from other sites. Very frustrating.
This is a wonderful means to be in tune with the whole wide world events impacting mankind.
Come on guys! First of all, I love you guys and support the work you do, a free press is important in a true democracy. But the app has been freezing. I scroll down the main feed and the app stops scrolling indefinitely. I have to reboot the app for it to work, and it takes a long time to load. I don’t have a slow phone so what is it?! Anyway, fix this, and I’ll give 5 stars!
FOR FAKE PEOPLE- ALL NEWS IS FAKE NEWS.   FOR OTHERS-RARELY SOME IS FAKE NEWS - THEY HAVE MENTAL CAPACITY TO DIFFERENTIATE BETWEEN THEM.   BUT FAKE PEOPLE CAN’T- SO SAD 
Nothing to see here folks. Move along.
Thank you for continuing your excellent Job of news coverage in spite Of the moron some Call president continually criticizing you for Just doing your jobs. Maybe he should take a Lesson from your team of competent Intelligent messengers, reporters, dignified human beings! 
Cofefe
I love CNN news. Outstanding reporters and have REAL NEWS (facts first). Keep up the great work.
#FakeNews
App is less than user friendly for access to real news. CNN’s perspective has grown increasingly narrow and bigoted towards anyone who does not identify with it’s opinionated world view. CNN labels others as "bigots" but by definition, that is exactly the label by which CNN is now known. Instead of NEWS Casters, they have chosen to become a collection of individuals, intolerant towards those holding different opinions than their own and now practice what they say they stand against.
Nothing but lies!
Terrible app. All fake news
Easily accessible, convenient news format for the informed. News on the run.
This app takes forever to open, crashes, freezes and/or shows days-old news.  I’m about ready to get my “fake news” somewhere else after a month of putting up with this, with no end in sight.  Also, but a lesser issue...you would a little more credible if you didn’t report on your reporting, reporters, or anchors quite so much. 
Great app
I have been watching CNN nightly News with Don Lemon for many years. I am a fan and so are many of my friends. I watched him on NBC when he was in Chicago.  All the news on CNN day or night is spoken with Truthful-fullness, without bias, honestly and in good taste. The Reporters and Anchors in whatever rank they hold  are excellent I will always be a fan! Keep up the good work  God bless to all the people on CNN.
100% left wing propaganda..  Everything on the network is either biased or fake.
I watch CNN because I rely on hearing the truth about what is happening in our world . It saddens me to hear that your journalist have been threatened and have to live their life in fear day in and day out 🙁 please stay safe and keep reporting the truth .   Praying that everyone stays safe ... feel like you guys are part of my family and care about everyone’s safety!! 
You are fake news
1. You cannot slide at all to access articles. It’s the only site that is so backward.  2. If you email a CNN story, CNN doesn’t place the title in the heading of the email.  3. CNN doesn’t allow to highlight text to copy or look up.  4. CNN stuffs numerous articles & videos under the same heading; extremely annoying.  5. CNN fills its content with adds; it’s the only news site to do this.   Overall, CNN is a poor site designed by weak software product manager.  Check out the BBC site to see what a news site is supposed to look like in the 21st century. 
Sharp accurate timely factual real news thank you!
I downloaded the app multiple times and every time I tap a story to read it, it never loads. I have a brand new iphone and for whatever reason, this is the only app in which content never loads, no matter how much time I give it. Until this problem is fixed I cannot read any stories and am getting other news apps which are working fine.
Enough said.
Not to have all guest like lawyers  ,commentators professionals, doctors , law professors but street people
The CNN app loads extremely slowly and often freezes
Always great stories. Kudos to you. VJ FROM MO
CNN is the best and most neutral news source available!
Fox has gone fanatical & I no longer watch.   CNN is much more enjoyable & the news casters are the best.
Always gets hung up after playing for a few minutes
Love watching it. You get the full story not like local channels
I hate Trump and can’t stand the obsessive coverage of his every fart by CNN. CNN is utterly consumed giving his latest ignorance or stunts full priority and content to ignore the rest of world news. Stop letting a moron dictate and control your resources and brand CNN. It’s beneath you to participate in a juvenile feud with asshat Trump and his band of insecure cheerleaders. Get back to covering actual news.
This is one of my favorite stations-(app)-because the reporters are passionate about sharing the TRUTH!!!
If you appreciate quality and an easy to use app, this is it.
Always able to get the current news. And keep myself in the know.
I love CNN, been watching for years.
Most trusted news.
THIS IS GREAT PROPAGANDA. IT SHUNS THE WESTERN WORLD AND PROMOTES THE EASTERN WORLD EVEN MORE. I NEED ANOTHER PHONE BUT OUR GOVERNMENT IS TOO POOR- I MEAN TO BUSY WORKING ON THE PEOPLES RIGHTS!
Love the CNN news.    AdelC from Alexandria 
Me histeria un poco más de izquierdas.
This app used to be much better.  Now it takes over a minute to load, stories also load slowly, and it’s jerky to scroll through or within stories.  I’m almost at the point of going to something (anything) else.
CNN has great content, but accessing it through the app is nearly impossible on my iPhone 6.  It hangs and crashes in nearly every article, while the advertising loads automatically when I try to scroll past it.  Please fix this, CNN.  Your news reporting is useless for access from my phone if the app is not functional.  If your advertising can load so fast, why is it so difficult to load the news? I don't have problems this severe with other news sites.  Please issue an update that addresses this problem and I will gladly give you a five star review.
A good source for current, honest news.
Too frustrating to deal with ... deleting
I love this app, news always up to date. Very accurate and professional info. I never saw “fake” news here ,but faith news. 
So sad to see that a “news” channel is so obsessed with trump that they report lies as soon as they come out without checking and never report the truth after it comes out. Maybe don’t be so left biased and you’ll become a reliable “news” source again.
The app is slow to load and also sometimes slow when scrolling, it also seems to use a lot fo battery when in the background. News is good but app needs work.
Correcting a previous review:  Good reporting not God reporting
CNN is the foremost news broadcast ! You can rely on the excellent reporting and wide range of topics.
CNN take yellow journalism to a whole new level. That’s bad enough, but the news app that requires me to read and agree to a 5000 word TOS before “allowing” me the privilege of reading their deceptions and decent, that really takes the cake!
Doesn't matter what side of the aisle you vote for, you want your news to be truthful. This is not it!
Very biased and unfair.
My gratitude goes out to CNN for providing Live CNN TV on my iPad so I can follow it as I walk around. Thanks CNN
They made up a bunch of lies about my brother! They have no idea what they are talking about!! They focus too much on their own opinion and not enough just telling you what they know! I don’t ever recommend them! Screw CNN! First time I am going to say this; FAKE NEWS! 
Takes forever to open.   Old version was faster.
This mainstream media news network is so socialistic and all about feelings. Months ago, this app had one of the worst reviews of all the news apps on the App Store, but they had to pay their way out of all their bad reviews on here due to their ranking being only 1 Star. This network is so fake. As a millennial, I’m not going to get sucked into being politically correct and worry about hurting others opinions, resulting in a need for a safe space.
You took away one of the best feature this app had!!!! Stream live CNN Headline news and International news... You turned CNN into a real mediocre 💩 app!!!  Sorry for the harsh review... something weird is happening ...    I’ve noticed I have live feed available and sometimes I don’t ... Mmm... 
This app should be standard on all mobile devices no one should leave home without it
Should change their name to CPN (cable polarized news).
The news that is reported is accurate, succinct, and needed to be known at the national and international levels.
You're biased against trump, just be fair on both sides!
Hi CNN,  Please take 2.5 seconds out of your busy news reporting day (maybe the app developers are on vacation in Mar-a-Lago?), to add HULU as one of your ‘new’ live tv streaming choices for the CNN app.  I’ve already sent you a note about this previously.  YES, believe it or not— & this is not fake news— CNN is now being streamed live via HULU (you should probably already know this & this should had been arranged by now?), & maybe, this should properly be acknowledged for HULU’s upgraded streaming efforts?..., so people like me who have a HULU account can consider your app useful when trying to stream the world’s #1 news source?  Again, this is not fake news!  Wolf Blitzer, Jake Tapper, Don Lemon, Anderson Cooper, & others on your staff, would agree!? Just maybe? Thanks for listening!? 
The scripted 5 star rated comments coming off as a trashing of trump and the admin are easily identifiable as pure propaganda. CNN and all corporate media are #FakeNews.
Total filth get your news any where but here. Seriously don't waste your time with these lies and one sided opinions.
Mr. Donald J. Trump was right!!! CNN? how about FNN for Fake News Network! Fake News, They never tell you the true side of the story and they are always telling you only what they want you to hear not what is really happening. And they are very very very untrustworthy too. Fake News! Absolutely Fake News! Fake News!
Fake news
Any comment that you see saying CNN is real news is obviously a fake review made by CNN 😂😂 were not dumb apple.
Especially now ! MSNBC is eating your lunch because your app can do better and it’s not really.... Too much lag and blank screens that go on for too long!
I like the previous version better.
If I could listen to the live broadcast without having to leave my screen on it would be five stars for sure.
Every video you post should have closed captions!  Do you have any idea how much we deaf people rely on our computers and cell phones?
There is no unbiased reporting.  CNN is far left in its reporting and fails to cover many stories that reflect stories favorable to the right.  Fox News is the exact opposite, mainly choosing to cover stories that favor the conservative points of view.  How unfortunate that our news has become so biased that it’s impossible to get accurate news reporting.  All media, from the reporters to the editorial staff should be embarrassed.    I personally have to watch both CNN, FOX, and other news outlets so I can weigh stories with both points of view and form my own opinion. 
I think CNN is great he keeps me up-to-date with just a brief report and I can move onto other things. Love the live broadcast
I absolutely applaud your drive to uncover the truth!! I immense my current \"awakening\" to all the thousands who will no longer be slaughtered or victimized with the day in, business as usual and weave into this imploding time of living our truth! I thirst to be the best \"me\" I can be and stand up for  living my truth as a woman, mother, daughter, aunt, friend, sister, confident, citizen, entrepreneur, humanitarian, teacher, coach, critic and any other  interchangeable mask that I juggle. I am beautifully and wonderfully made! I will no longer be silent! I have come up for air, exhaled and it is my year, my time!! Thank You for such truthful, heartfelt articles and hard work that are equally freeing! LOOSE THE SHACKLES CNN.
This app is useless. Sometimes it loads, sometimes not. Then, it takes forever to scroll up and down. I would rather have a newspaper.
It’s nice to have CNN that I paid for anywhere on the go.  But if you stop the live video the app will never resume.  You need to exit, reset the app, then restart it every single time.
Great app for FAKE news!
But I think it’s great so far. Very clear visual & sound. Concise. On point.
The CNN (iPad) app provides a nice layout for presenting the news as well as design of the navigation between sections. However, upon launch, it's so slow it seems like it's locked up/ frozen for a few minutes.  It also often locks up/freezes for a few minutes during use; content is visible but you can't scroll.   I can only guess it how the code loads content and ads that makes it virtually unusable.    PS, I have the most powerful iPad mini made and the CNN app on my iPhone works great. Other news apps USA Today, Newsroom, Fox News) don't have these issues. 
CNN Rates 5 Stars because they have plenty of coverage and they present it very well.
Thank you for being the standup voice for what’s right and against what’s wrong in these challenging times and amid a leader who cares only about his orange self.
Working, unable to afford more than basic cable and a busy life prevent me from the news I can only get from CNN and one other news group. I trust and rely on the app to keep me current. Thank you CNN!
I love listening to Anderson Cooper and Don Lemon the most bring the news. They tell the truth and don’t back down when there is fake news being spread. Honest journalism presented worldwide.
Keep up the great work!!!  Keep after Trump. Don’t let him breathe.
I love the updates. It keep you informed all day.
Best news,stay on all the time
Since about a week ago, every time I attempt to launch the app, CNN opens but fails to load. This occurs on my data connection and also when I connect to wifi.
CNN reports the facts and claims nothing but what the facts reveal. Other media outlets "FOX NEWS" want to talk about fake Hilary Clinton scandals all day with clowns like Hannity.
Do the best research.
CNN  is true, tasty, and 100% real 🍎=Apple
CNN has too many long advertisements. I can go to other news sources and get the same news without the long winded advertisements.
I have voted Republican for all my life (74 years old).  One reason I’m changing parties is because I believe that CNN is the most reliable source of political reporting.
Is very good news
The most recent UI design is cluttered and uglier. The large CNN logo at the bottom intrudes into content. Designing ads to look like news to fool the reader is insulting the intelligence of the user. I am using this app less.
Accurate reporting of top news stories and breaking events with all points of view! Continue your outstanding coverage of news events!
What’s with everything being a video anymore? And what articles that do appear in the app are usually 3 paragraphs.  Provide more written content!!!
App is freezing when scrolling up or down on the news feed.
A simple scroll through the headlines will reveal the liberal bias of this news agency. Spend a few more seconds actually reading an article and you will see multiple examples of poor journalism and editing. It's a challenge to find a single story that quotes a named source.
Very transparent, more relevant issue good mission to everyone
For a news junkie like me I have to hear all available sides. CNN has an obvious bias just as Fox and OAN does.  Between them, plus overseas network I hope to find that the truth is somewhere in the middle and not fall into the Internet trap of only listening to what fortifies my own bias. I need all sides
This is a helpful app, to be sure, but I was disappointed with the overhaul. It ISN’T as straightforward and easy to use, and the content seems to have been cut in half!
Oh how times have changed. American’s used to be able to depend on the news media to be unbiased and factual. That is obviously a thing of the past as media organizations like CNN are just arms of whatever political party owns them, in this case, the Democratic Party. While other stories may have some fact, anything with political undertones will most surely be full of whatever is necessary to make their political ownership happy. America is tired of this...and them!
The repetition can sometimes be overwhelming and the Trump coverage is too much but overall I watch all the news stations but mostly CNN really the question for the century should be what happens after death we have enough science to answer that question and all the chaos on the planet with all the warring murder could be resolved The mythology of after death is the root of all the chaos on the planet the truth is when you die you dead there’s nothing happening after death the answers are in the rocks and there the bones of history
I look at this app daily and love it...👍
Fake News
CNN is the best and only news network I will follow. Left wing forever. Clinton true president of the United States
Don’t post sensational articles related to sicknesses.
I’ve been watching CNN for almost 1 year. I found CNN have the BEST Newscasters in their reporting the FACTS !!
Jumpiness is improved but still present. And for some reason, the app resists scrolling through the headlines. It stops for a bit, then resumes. Still wish you would not stay with or repeat old stories but on the whole I appreciate the newsworthiness of the stories and I rely on the app to keep me up to date with breaking news. I like the news of cnn better than the opinion pieces.
Best news
I’m deleting this until they start to report the news fairly. I understand that many of them don’t like trump but to make it their mission to do their best to discredit him only makes them look like tabloid rags. I always relied on them for the liberal side of things but they have gone off the deep end. And now there are so many times that they have reported wrong information, that I’m sorry to say, but are living down to the “fake news” nickname. Whatever happened to just reporting the facts without bias or personal opinion. Too bad.
This App, since I updated it, has been horrible!  On my iPad, it scrolls so slowly and jerky!  The content does not change as frequently as it did on the former app.  The CNNgo is inconsistent to watch live TV.  Often, it pauses and then fast forwards with people looking like they are in a cartoon, or something and then it stops and the visual is normal, but the audio is way, way off and not synched at all.  And, the CNNgo on my MAC computer will not allow me to sign in at all with my U-verse provider info.  It just loops back to Step 1 when I am on Step 2.  I never get signed on, so cannot watch live CNN TV.  HELP!!
Love cnn. But this app is trash. As usual the past couple years. Now the links for stories take you to the wrong story?? Seriously??
CNN news reporting is one of the best in the country. Unlike Fox CNN really is an accurate source for truthful and factual information on current events and Politics. In the unlikely event they make an error they quickly set the record right. I for one am grateful that we do have a media organization that helps protect freedom of the press with integrity. 
I love CNN, it's my favorite station.  I love how it works on my apple I phone and sends me breaking news.  I love - TRUTH 
One word why I like CNN ! I GET THE TRUTH .TRUTH !!!
All the aspects laid out thoroughly of the horrors besetting our Nation hourly since the Trump horror has beset us with his low life approach to living and
A one. Terrific. Reliable.
Every time I try to use the CNN apt on my iPad, I am directed to update the app.  I do so, and screen goes to app update with open block prominent.   When I click on this open block, I get a blank screen after a few seconds.  What am I missing????? 
Thanks CNN for giving us great news not FAKE news!!  My favorite anchors, Anderson, Don, Wolfe and Jake are always on point. Totally my go to for awesome news.
The content is good but the app is often slow to load, slow to update, and often unresponsive to finger swipes.
I love CNN I watch it when I want to know what’s gooding on in the world, CNN is unfiltered no holding back news channel.. A channel not afraid to speak the truth !! Keep up the good work !!
Is the most trusted news in the world period.
Thank you for all the hard work, My God bless you all, 😊🌹🙏🍀 
CNN is fake news for liberal crybabies who can’t stand simple facts like there’s only two genders
Rating reflects how slow the iPad App has become.  I love the content, but navigation is slower than a crawl!  Fix it!!
It's hard to quietly catch up on the news when in the bathroom when half of the content consists of noisy videos.   Optional video is great but text is a must.   Respect my data plan and desire to quickly read the news, not have it read to me. 
CNN doing great job
TERRIBLE, BIASED, RUSSIAN BASED NEWS ORGANIZATION!
Good news source 🙂.
Totally fair and balanced! Great crew!
I used to go to The Onion for fake news and entertainment, but over the last year I use CNN, as The Onion is now a more reliable news source.
I wish I could skip the free preview because the preview stops the live broadcast as I fumble to long in.
cnn deserves no attention they are a terrible company and this is a terrible app.
I like the news coverage but the latest version loads much slower than the last version. It often hangs up while scrolling through the articles too.
I love CNN because they give the true story, and they aren\'t afraid of trump, and his minions when they do!  Fox News claims to be entertainment tv only, not a news channel!  That must be true, because you can\'t get real news from them, they\'re a total republican Channel!  You will never get the true story from Fox, and certainly never the entire story!  CNN will give you complete, and accurate reporting, and stay impartial when they do!  CNN doesn\'t blow smoke up your a_ _ , and tell you everything\'s wonderful so trump won\'t freak!  You just get the news, and truth in their reporting, no matter if trumps going to like it, or not!  Trump tries to be like a dictator, pressuring, and bullying the media to cover up the truth about him, and his administration!  CNN won\'t buckle to trumps pressure, they just keep reporting the truth about every dirty, rotten, thing he\'s doing behind our backs, and to our country!  That is most appreciated!   The app\'s great too!
Not fake news
The title says it all.
My device is a 1st generation iPad Mini. It cannot be updated to iOS10. The CNN update will not download unless the device is at least iOS10. I can no longer use the CNN app.
CNN is a great news channel, not trump propaganda like Fox News. It’s concise and pointed, I will say the focus on video news is not good I would rather read vs watch. Unfortunately the Trump Sheep want to bash anything CNN related because he’s a idiot fool of a man and they do as he tells them too, Keep telling the truth about this Racist, ignorant loser of a President!!
You are #Fakenews
I have always liked CNN for news.  I do think they are reliable. 
It has gone down, it is all pictures and mostly video clips now.
Excellent
I do not like having a lead story at top. It is not always updated. I like that I don’t have to Watch a video but can choose to read OR watch. I do not like the sparse videos that have the captions running along, summarizing the story. I want an actual story 
Despite the fact that they call themselves "the most trusted name in news," it's becoming clear to viewers worldwide that CNN spews more left wing propaganda than WW2 Germany.  The "journalists" are a complete joke and the constant Trump bashing is comical.  For those that support this garbage network, take a look at the latest Pew research study along with the Media Bias study conducted by Harvard University.
It’s totally great and informative.
This is a phenomenal App...designed to get the truth out to the American people. Love CNN! 
Getting better but still not compared with European news
Es bueno estar informando
CNN seems to cover the exact same ten subjects for weeks on end. Deleting the app and never looking back.
Watch CNN because of its objective news reporting
This thing is jittery as hell
I love being able to access CNN through their amazing app!
❇️❇️❇️❇️❇️excellent
Best News Ever! On time, every time.
Update is terrible! Takes forever to load ! You took best news app and turned into a boat anchor! Fix quickly or I am moving on!
I like CNN but your app is so slow. Sometimes I thought that my iPad has frozen but when I go to the other news apps, they’re functioning well. Hope you’re going to fix this.
If you input the wrong username or password for your tv provider it doesn’t let you try again.
Y’all remember when we raided CNN’s reviews and got the app to half a star lmaoooo
Worst app of all time. Should get 0 stars but you can’t give that amount. It’s so bad apple should make a feature so you can only rate CNN 0 stars. LOTS of fake news about Trump and Republicans but guess who’s the president CNN literally just love Hillary and the liberals that make lies. like literally liberals just live off of lying about republicans. This is what Trump means by Fake News. WORST APP EVER
Combat Fox “News,” Cracker “News,” Stupid-People “News,” Non-Critical-Thinker “News,” Breitbart, Infowars, etc. Watch CNN or PBS, listen to NPR. “Clear your mind of cant, Sir”—Samuel Johnson
CNN app is getting from bad to worse. It takes at least twice as long as it used to to start. Scrolling experience is very very frustrating. I've been using it for more than a year. It is sad that no improvement was made.
fake news
There is no other news organization I hold in higher esteem, I find that CNN is the most honest and hardworking news organization around. I love Anderson Cooper and his colleagues compassion and their integrity to call out others bs. I love my CNN app! I check it every morning after I wake up, and every night before I go to bed. I fallow other news organizations too, just for fairness, but CNN is by far the best and the most trusted news source as far as I’m concerned.
I can always depend on CNN for all the current happenings facing the nation  The app is a staple on my I phone
CNN is fake news
Supposedly the jumpy CNN app has been fixed but I find it worse than ever.  Scrolling is erratic and sometimes the display will freeze for some time, making me wonder if my iPad crashed.  It sued to be smoother to display the various story tiles but now it’s always a gamble.  Come on guys, get somebody who knows what they’re doing on this problem!
I find it funny that CNN deleted their app and re-booted it because they were getting such bad ratings. The articles written by CNN are laughable, and don’t even give facts. I would give less than 1 star if I could.
Thank you to all the journalist that risk their lives day in and day out to bring us news from around the world. God continue to give strength to April Ryan and Jim Acosta covering the White House professionally even while being attacked constantly along with other coworkers from this President constantly. Good will win in the end.💕
I have been using the app for about three months now and it is so awesome and it works great and it does have the latest updates .
I love CNN for bringing the details about a story that I don’t see on the evening news. Thanks donor being bullied by politicians and social media trolls. We need you. Thanks for telling the truth, we need this. I call you the anti-Fox News Channel.
CNN’s tag line says “watch anywhere” (or something to that effect), but that turns out to be a fake claim when one is abroad. The app requires one to watch it as “CNNgo”, i.e., access it through one’s US cable provider (in my case, Xfinity who charges an arm and a leg) who, in turn, does not allow for viewing of ANY of their content abroad.   Disappointing. 
CNN has an apparent bias against trump and conservatives. They will report anything even if it is uncorroborated, and with a painfully obvious liberal bias. Please delete this trash fake news network off the App Store.
Thank you for keeping up with all the latest and past news.
Content is fine, but I’m over having to “download the new version of the app” EVERY time I want to open it on my iPad.
Thank you CNN - especially Don Lemon and Anderson Cooper- for excellent news reporting and for maintaining cool heads and keeping the public informed. At this moment in history, your dignity and rational thinking feels like a safe oasis and a rock to hang onto in the middle of a country gone mad.
Look, I like the App and CNN, but the ads that play music are driving me nuts.  I don’t mind the ads that are just visual,  it when I’m trying to read an article at the office and all of a sudden a loud and obnoxious ad plays, it’s annoying.  To all the alt right people who are bashing CNN, please do a reality check and look at how far right fox news and breitbart and the like are.  They are the ones doing the brainwashing and feeding you what they want you to believe.  I watch a variety of news to stay well informed and hear all sides of a topic, and let me tell you, the way Fox News goes at it by attacking the “mainstream media” is ugly.  And since they are the #1 news network, aren’t they the mainstream? Anyway, just think for yourselves. 
These days we need all of the real news we can take.  This is one you need to be of the enlightened
Always fair and balanced love Anderson’s  copper god bless you
Please continue to do what you do best.....despite the intimidation attempts to squash legitimate, accurate reporting of facts and stories around the globe.  Stay Strong!  The new site under the iPad mini app is yucko.  Hope you can improve on your site while trimming the adds as well
THANK YOU CNN for always keeping it real for the mentally sane Americans like me! The best news network we have hands down!
Thank you soooo very much for keeping it real and separating fact from fiction. Thank you for calling the liers out. Thank you for reporting truth to power. Thank you!
LOVE the CNN app. It’s very interactive. Could use some less ads but still, very nice.
thank you  i love the app
CNN app is easy to navigate, carries print as well as AV content, is frequently updated and contains excellent coverage of current events. This is my go to source for news. Plus, it carries Anderson Cooper...a kind soul with a brilliant mind.
Is a little too obvious CNN has bots giving this crappy app 5 stars given it was 3 in December and their rep has gotten even worse since then. Other 1 star reviews are right. I have CNN, Fox, and NBC apps and you can tell they’re all biased but CNN is on a different level. (NBC is really bad too). Fox is biased but fair, and reports real news, not just attempting to bash trump 24/7.
I like the CNN app because it provides good access to News both national and international which is printed. However, my problem with the CNN app is that it is very stingy with live CNN TV reporting. It continually tells me that I can have less and less time to watch live CNN until I have to pay for it.
Global app which can keep you posted on the real time developments. Like the feeds so I can open only what I'd like to follow. Best news channel in the world!
I’m surprised this app is not optimized for the iPhone X. CBS, NBC, Yahoo are. It’s CNN, left wing, anti-Trump and that’s fine. However, the app is far too video-intensive. There’s very little real written journalism.
You should bring republicans for interviews
You all did a great job on this one.
Anderson Cooper, that's how you tell the real truth!!!💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼☕️
I’m blown away that normal people see truth in Fake Fox assumption, Reports of Tonto Trompas, Spanish nickname for POTUS, that he is a great job. Obama has such class, TT, can’t even touch him. This is what conclude with your factual journalist reporting. Thank you, you’re like NPR. 👍🏽
CNN is to “excellent journalism”  As TRUMP is to “excrement sandwich”. 
CNN is has completely lost the American people’s trust. There tv ratings are lower than Nickelodeon News.
Nothing fake about the news coverage here! Love CNN’s objective coverage with top notch anchors Tapper & Cooper. Keep up the fantastic work & stay strong.
Thank you for sharing our sentiment to Haiti for the tragic comment trump made. Name calling is so small and mindless! Disgraceful! 
CNN is a joke now. I can’t believe anyone has this app. It’s completely laughable
The App works well and is state of the art. I wish we had news that are unbiased. Unfortunately most of the content seems to be driven by interest groups. Polemic describes the content best: "A polemic is a forceful argument or controversy made against one opinion, doctrine, or person. It is one-sided and extreme, not a debate or discussion."
I really appreciate CNN’s brutal honesty about the bigoted and hateful comments from President Trump.  Thank you factual media.
CNN seems to be jealous of Hollywood and has decided to stretch the boundaries of good taste and frankly good sense. Biased reporting, reporters smoking weed on air, reporting only their side of the news. I actually never thought I would see CNN head in this direction. CNN went from keeping the world totally informed to making the world totally confused on what is truth in news and what is CNN’s opinion on what we should think is right. I am not sure that where they have taken us can be undone.
Just as bad as the television broadcast. Blatantly biased, left leaning stories, and opinion pieces of all things political.
Up to the minute every minute!
You keep me informed keep it up with keeping it TRUE
Great news
CNN is my go to for news...I find the reporting to be honest and fair...I’ve watched CNN for more than 10 years...
I honestly liked the old app a lot better. This one seems like a shadow of what that one was.  And, please, make the headline font smaller so that headlines don't look like: "Trump meeting was like watching the S..." 
Get the latest fake news daily from the best app for people that don’t like to think for themselves!
This latest version was forced into updating this app, and the new layout is terrible. So bad I no longer use the app. Terrible update.
CNN networks offer outstanding reporting and insightful and fair commentary, why can’t the app mirror that?  My suggestions:  There’s too much fluff on the app, not enough real news. I don’t go to CNN to see cute videos of puppies.   The video clips should have more heft. Often I load a video clip and have to watch a commercial that’s longer than the actual video. Unless it’s important, must-see video, don’t put it up on the app.   Finally, it’s disappointing to see the CNN app is becoming more like the FOX app. The format, the content, the content that’s not really news.   CNN can and should do more with the app. Please. 
I love it. Awesome
The new tiling layout has many headlines cut off (ending in ...). This is very frustrating since it makes them hard or impossible to understand. Other more professional news apps (e.g. BBC News) do not have this problem. Why can't CNN get this right?
CNN is the best news ever covers from elections to everything around the world do not miss out
The best
What happened to the seamless CNN app?  This version loads slowly and jerks while loading.  At first I thought my network connection was the problem, but no - only CNN has a problem. Can’t we just load thumb-nails for each article?  It seems like the app is immediately starting to load voice and/or video, thereby slowing everything down.  Please remember that there still are many loyal readers/viewers who have 5mb (or slower) access.
1) I don't see any clear indication on how I would access settings or add a TV provider.   I just want to watch live without it being a time boxed preview.   2) You need to first, pull your schedule data and support current time +72 hours and then surface it in the app so that a user with a TV provider can select television event reminders to be notified when a event is about to start.   Example: Today is Monday 5pm and I see through the TV schedule within the app that the State of the Union is tomorrow at 8pm. I can tap the TV event and set an event reminder that will sent a push notification when the event starts. 
I enjoy receiving the CNN news, but despise when expecting to read news and to get a video with noise.There are times I just want to read and am very annoyed when a video comes on, especially when in bed and I can not turn to CNN as my husband is sleeping and I have no way of silencing it if I want to just read the news.
I admit I’m a”Newsy” . I Like to keep track of what’s going on in the Inited States. I love the convenience of this app and the news is in a format that is so easy to access. I just would like more news throughout the world! Can’t CNN be the new BBC of the US? Thank you so much fir this app! 
It seems like in different countries stills can watched,how amazing it is!
Always start my day with Allyson and Chris on New Day. What a pair! Their intellect and genuine emotions that they share is refreshing. Neither one comes across as being fake. What you see is what you get every time. They break down the issues so the “average Jane/Joe” can understand. They also are not afraid to get dirty as they showed us during the horrific storms this past Fall. Keep it coming!!
Always up to date news
in a world dominated by fake politicians, real news keeps us on track
I check this app throughout a busy day just to see what I’ve missed. Keeps me up to date on events around the world.
CNN is doing an extraordinary job of reporting facts to the the public about everything going on in politics. Continue your work as “straight shooters” and your will always be the shining star in the horizon.
I watch CNN all the time and rely on CNN as an extremely “reliable source.”  I can identify all the commentators and credible hosts and reporters in the field. I appreciate their very interesting and most often thought provoking viewpoints.  The work shows as a very impressive effort and a command of the issues.  My only criticism is the constant interruptions of the panel of guests and regulars who, much too often,  all talk at once. The hosts need to step up and shut the rude interruptions down. The panel free for all adds no value and no one can be heard.  Otherwise a definite Grade A. Thank you for being there to light the way of truth.
Every week I am kicked out of the app, which is supposed to have a login used from the operating system. Doesn’t quickly set back up.   Sidebar nuisance: why do I have to go cnn.it/appletv if I just have to select appletv when I get to that page in order to proceed.   Too frustrating to deal with. 
Keep on top of the lying Administration and Faux News. Continue to do your jobs and fact check everything that comes out of their mouths! Our Democracy depends on it!
Please take off the title that says 5 things you need to know about today. Or something like that.  Just give the headlines
I hate it
Compatible for iPhone X full screen.
Love the app Wish I could get it live without having to purchase tv 
Every single alert this app sends out is something negative about our President. How can I read anything as news here when every topic has a biased tone? Deleted the app and won’t tune in either. Try to stay classy CNN, because right now you sound like a whining baby.
I love being in the know. The CNN app provides important and timely events as they happen in interesting formats.
CNN does it right, the staff are professionals. They know what questions to ask. This is not fake news like a certain a person who does not know how to tell the Truth. I watch CNN, knowing that the truth will come out on the current issues. I believe in CNN, their reporting is top notch. The Reporting makes people think about the current situation that our country is a tragic mess do to the incompetence of the “Man in Charge”.
buggy.
I have updated, but every time I open it, it says I need to update and pushes me to the update screen where I just click on Open to go to the app.  Please cut it out.
Commercials every 5 minutes makes me mental. Especially when it’s the same loop over and over....And over.
This app is not good. It always freezes and it never seems to keep me logged in I constantly have to select my tv provider and enter my credentials.
CNN is very precise and on topic, includes the latest news with objectivity and seriousness.
I don’t have the time - or the inclination - to spend hours in front of a tv; too much to get done.  CNN gives me sound bites, I can then select what I what to learn more about.  Good source and NOT fake news!
I’m impressed with CNN and their professional presentation of the news together with good use of computer tech to make the news available.
CNN is the best network by far. They have the best reporters hands down. I love this network.
The only go to in cable news
We live in Egypt and we have tried to broadcast live news from our iPad, and we can’t. That’s why we didn’t give the app 5 stars.
It’s the news that I can trust.
Fake news with lots of manipulation with less then 1 million viewers across America. Anderson Cooper is white Privilege that does not live in the real world. Sheltered rich boy who does not deal with minorities on a daily basis or in his personal life.   Cnn couldn't even report the 2016 election accurately or honestly. Media blackout on all positives for 2017. Loyalist news media. Patriots do not watch or read CNN. Dishonest journalism at its finest. Guess what CNN? You do not run this country! 
Thanks for continuing to pursue and fairly share the truth with your viewers on a daily basis. I count on CNN as my source of honest news!
Hate that I can’t skip ads.
KRAZY KEITH RULES One Planet One Peace 
Reliable and fresh
You helped us get through one of our darkest days on 9/11
I deleted this fake news media app from my phone!!  Never again will I subject myself to such bias.
It is a pleasure to watch and alway gets the facts right .
My "Go To" daily briefing from trusted and hard working dedicated reporters❗️I truly enjoy the " Up To Date" Real Time Reporting and variety of 5💥Programming CNN never fails to offer❗️Thank You Again and Again❗️
Do whatever you can to stop Americans make same mistake again !
the reviews of the cnn app demonstrate clearly the excessive partisanship of our society.   Apple app reviews are suppose to be about how well the app functions not about the extent you don’t like the information presented.  any one over the age of at least 21 knows that we all have biases.  don’t expect completely bias free reporting. it never has and never will exist.   This app function relatively well. cnn at least endeavors to filter out its biases which is a lot better than other sites from huffington post to drudge and fox.  I give the app 4 stars instead of 5 because i’d prefer that it make faster updates and add or change the stotries more often. 
I SEE THE UPDATES WILL CONTINUE , UNTILL ALL NEGATIVE REVIEWS ARE PURGED TO GET 5 STARS BACK. THE STAR RATINGS ARE MISREPRESENTING  IN REPORTING SINCE 10,000"S OF REVIEWS WHERE  POTENTIAL REMOVED . BECAUSE IT HAD 2 STARS... THAT IS 100% FARE REVIEW BASED ON GUIDELINES REQUIRED TO LEAVE A REVIEW.. THE ARTICLES ARE CLEARLY BIASED. EVERY STORY HAS TWO SIDES. A APPLE TO ONE PERSON MAY BE PINEAPPLE TO SOMEONE ELSE.  THAT IS CALLED BIAS to see  A APPLE ONE WAY . Rather interesting the new book fire and fury.  Bi lines are exactly would has been on CNN for TWO YEARS
Works well REAL news by professional journalists. 
Each time I use the app I have to up–date the app, what a waste of Time.
Esta bien
Excellent. Unlike others, CNN covers the most important news, well presented, and mostly does not cover frivolous news.  Five stars! 
CNN is the cable of News ITRUST.
CNN is a fake news central.
Thanks for sticking to facts!
Horrible news source they spend all their time saying how trump is connected to Russia with 0 proof they whine about how he drinks soda and eats ice cream and van jones admitted the Russia thing is fake cnn ur ratings are not even half of fox so stop reporting fake stuff with no sources
Worse content for pay than you get elsewhere for free- website tricks you to the crappy app from crappy source- plus apple hides reviews that dont conform to their beliefs!
I hate having to scroll just to see the next story. Why can’t there be a list of headlines like normal news apps.
The only unbiased network left.
I am heartened by CNN’s willingness to speak truth to power. All of the threats made by our benighted Moron-in-Chief cannot deter your honest and powerful reporting. Don't ever stop! With admiration, Mensa John 
In my opinion, CNN has the best team and their coverage around the Globe is exceptional. I love it and have full faith in it.
Your reporting and bias is so obvious I’m deleting your app. Getting my news now from NPR and bbc.
Liars America is great with Trump
If CNN doesn’t want people to think they are just the propaganda machine of the Democratic Party, they should improve their journalism. Not the worst journalists in the world, but not worthy of anything more than one star
I reviewed this app a few months ago and of course, the App Store deleted it. CNN as a news network was quite credible for many years but unfortunately they fell the way of Fox News but in reverse. The app is filled with articles about how bad Trump and his administration is. Only when I scroll down, WAY DOWN, do I start to see interesting articles that have nothing to with the President. I read an opinion piece about female representation in government and it was interesting. I enjoyed reading it. CNN, if you want to bring in a larger audience, may I suggest more stories and articles about other parts of the country. Everyday your top 5 stories are about the President and something that you don’t like. If you didn’t have a blatant agenda, I would be more inclined to read and watch.
Love CNN, they always are up to date... to the minute ... with very sound factual reporting....no "fake news" here!
CNN is always with true.
Great job! Unfortunately the latest app version doesn't work well with my iPad. Hope you can fix that!
These guys are literally doing all they can to smear the president it makes me sick to see this news agency just turn into this sick twisted deranged pos.  Waking up this morning to see CNN trying to explain how the president didn't impact the economy is so sickening.  CNN is that collage professor that says he's right and everything he knows is fact and can't be altered.  Go take some financial classes. You will understand that the president is responsible for the economic growth. Respect the POTUS. 
Every time I open app on iPad it says I need to update. When I hit download button it says I have latest version. I go back to app rinse and repeat
Always been my favorite news media/feed, 24/7! I’m a baby bummer current event watcher. Trump is afraid of CNN they bite for the truth. Apologies for any errors conveyed in content or text, real journalism at the core CNN gives the viewers, no sugar coated lies, nada.
Cnn
You should be ashamed of what you have become. Zero journalism, all biased opinion. Not News, more like gossip!
CNN actually deleted their app and re-uploaded it to avoid the firestorm that they caused. You are fake news, and you will not silence us.
I watch and read all the major news outlets, including those I don’t necessarily agree with but I want to get the stories from all angles, and CNN by far provides the best and up-to-the-minute news. Authentic and truthful, not the f word spewed by the President, are better descriptors for CNN. Keep up the good work!
App requires log in to network provider to watch stream. Useless
The page looks legitimate but when you open up the app it’s full of stories that try to fill in blanks with far fetched assumptions or just flat out make things up out of no where. I’ll try looking again for the CNN app but it’s extremely scary that Apple hasn’t noticed that a parody app is taking CNNs name. There’s a lot of misinformation being spread via the app to, I assume, many people since the app has been downloaded so many times. Hope this gets fixed soon!
It’s refreshing to know the real patriots of our country can depend on CNN to report facts as opposed to another network that masquerades as “news” when it’s nothing but a professional far right wing bloggers dream! I guess the FCC allows propaganda and outright lies to be regurgitated from the mouths of their “entertainers” who claim they are delivering news. I remember the time when we were doing bomb drills in school and taught about the Russians propaganda machine. Unfortunately, now It’s come to America, no-thanks to our so-called patriots who are more interested in building a wall and keeping people out who don’t look like them, than the Russians undermining our democracy and possibly taking over our country with the help of Trump and his heartless, selfish and greedy cohorts. I forgot to mention their rabid protests about athletes not standing for the flag and Yet these “patriotic” Americans are trying to suppress minorities voting rights and stack the federal courts with extreme right wing judges. Thank you CNN! Keep up the excellent coverage of “REAL” news.
Thankfully, CNN is committed to seeking truth and sharing that truth with the public at large and , in these times when truth seems to be no longer be valued ( especially in the White House),  this is so very much needed!
The most informative news broadcast within my bandwidth. Cooper (former editor, ABC TV Philadelphia) 
Thank you CNN for your commitment to truth during these trying times. App works well. Sends banner notifications for pressing or new events and provides quick synopses of our world with 5 things we need to know
I think I have to pick at least 1 star. You're so pretty, so pathetic. The damage that has been done is irreparable. I used to put on CNN and leave it on all day. Now, the only thing you're good at is lying and being a punchingbag for #the45!
App Continually locks up. I have to delete the app and reloaded to get it to work. I am using an iPad. This is been going on for at least a month or more. Keep waiting for a fix but it never happens.
Keep it up!!
Too much about trump. Would like to hear better news
The Clinton News Network is fake news
Glad to see they acknowledged and tried to fix it, but the jumpiness seems to actually be worse now.
CNN obsession with today’s Washington politics is typical of its reporting. It seems to get one subject and flog it to death. As an international news source, it is pathetic. That was not always the case. In earlier years, it was a balanced news source.  CNN International is not much better at providing news now either. The reporting by CNNI far too often looks at the "social" side of the event instead of giving the facts. Unfortunately to gather a better prospective of the world, you need to look elsewhere; and by that I mean at news sources outside the USA. 
I’m not a tv watcher, so I use this app on my iPad to keep up with the news.
It succc
Best place to get up to the minute news and information - trusted source!
Enjoy and looking forward every morning to CNN’s news. Makes my day better!!!
U
No search function, no categorization, just a page of news that may or may not interest you.
Why does the app ask me to update every time I open it?  It’s annoying as hell. Just update in the background like every other app.
Very informative
I watch with great interest lately, as I see our democracy under attack from the highest levels. I've always watched and read varying sources for any given news stories. I prefer facts. Several other media outlets seem to consider opinion and conjecture "news." I do not. Thank you for your factual reporting. I actually watch several news sources, I've been a critical (read - discriminating) consumer of various news outlets for many years. I find CNN as refreshing as possible, in these times. I have stopped watching  some outlets, having grown tired of opinions sold as news.  Please, keep up the good work folks! 
So much liberal bias. Not one article has mentioned anything good about Trump. EVERYTHING is biased. Everything is pro-Clinton, pro-liberal, there is only one side in these articles. Report quality is low, always biased, ALWAYS, and on New Years, they turned to POT. Yes POT, a high reporter in Colorado, THE HELL HAPPENED TO QUALITY? This app is Clinton News Network, Liberal HQ saying trump is racist, he’s a white supremacist he’s crazy he’s not tolerant is an extremist he doesn’t know what he’s doing he should be impeached. THATS ALL THEY SAY. THIS IS LIBERAL Head Quarters they don’t report on anything else. This is complete trash. I want both sides of the story!!!
It’s sad that this horrific joke of a company must continue to spew lies to enhance their ratings. It’s companies like this that give the media a bad name.
It's all fake news and CNN itself is a terrible corporation that blackmails dissenters and tries to discredit legitimate news sources
Lifelong Democrat and I am embarrassed at this network. I am no longer supporting the Democrat party and will be considering the Republican ticket 2020.
I turn to CNN for my real news....despite the fact that someone calls it “fake news”! I trust CNN to give me all the facts!
honest account. Objective, non political
Thank you very much.
@iamdondada
CNN is not fake news it is a reliable source of information.  Donald Trump is fake news.
I watch every day and love it!
I love CNN
I love, and sometimes hate, picking up my phone first thing in the morning and seeing what happened after I went to bed last night.
I am a totally blind user that depends on the voiceover option on my iPhone in order to read what’s on my screen. I have been using CNN news app for a very long time with no problems until this most recent update. My screen reader cannot read anything on the screen and I always used this app for my News. If this can be fixed it will be appreciated or else I’ll just take my news from somewhere else that’s accessible with my screen reading software
CNN has become a bit of a freak show and the app bearing its name has to be accountable for that as well. More important to its functionality however is the lack of a smooth and reliable interface. Clicking on a story that you may want to view in the app routes you first to the store, even if you have the app open and running on your phone, and then from there to the Landon page of the app and not the actual story you were trying to view. It’s frustrating and silly and ultimately makes you wonder why you bother at all.
Love CNN they are real news!!
I am fed up of watching CNN, all it does runs our President down whether he does right or wrong. The world is watching and when we don’t respect our democratically voted President, how do you expect the world to respect him or America. Shame upon CNN. By the way I am a Democrat who voted for Donald Trump. Had had enough of Clintons and their pocketing our money n doing nothing in return. Look at the state of our roads bridges etc , if it was taken care of our cities would not look worse than third world countries, our airports are shameful in comparison to other countries. Wake up and be fair. Trump is not a seasoned politician, yes he will make mistakes but at least he is trying to change things.
What else do you really need to know.
Nice design (the CNN button in the middle is a nice, and oddly natural feature) and good, unbiased reporting (I'm looking at you Fox News). My only complaint is that not all shows (AC360, Situation Room, etc.) show up in the TV section.
Takes forever to load. Scrolling down freezes. Ditch all the graphics and just give us news. And you are doing that audio thing again that kills what I’m listening to when try to surf your app.
I've been using this app for years. The latest update messed it up so bad I think I might delete it.  No search function?  Come on CNN, sometimes I'd like to feed myself. Also the app have moved to HUGE pictures and tiny headlines that you can't even read all of. Not enough substance for stories on first St page. 
You gave air time to Moore in Alabama but little to Doug Jones.  Why?  CNN gives air time to candidate who are controversial but little time to The underdogs
The app regularly freezes for a few seconds or is very slow to respond to taps and swipes. It appears to be really pushing the limits on my mobile in terms of demand on resources. I’d much prefer an app that delivers content smoothly as opposed to bells and whistles that seem gratuitous and ad heavy. Other news apps (e.g., BBC) are more responsive and deliver the content with little lag and app crashing. Still like being able to read CNNs reporting I just wish accessing the content wasn’t as frustrating.
The news does not scroll properly on iPhone.  It jitters, stalls, and jumps. These application behaviors render the application unuseable.  Looks like it might be related to Ads.  Ok it is now 2018 and the app on the iphone now works pretty good.  The new issue is that visiting CNN using IE is really messed up.   But Firefox and Chrome work well. 
Looking at some of these articles I almost felt like I was reading buzzfeed. I don’t think it’s wrong for a news agency to have a particular bias, however the ridiculous titles and childish sloppy writing is above the CNN name. I hope the agency tries to regain the integrity it once had before it’s too late.
I suppose it's a good app if you only want to hear about Donald Trump all day. Odd that CNN had thousands on 1 star reviews which are all mysteriously 5 star reviews now. Now CNN is higher rates than the Wall Street Journal. Thank goodness Apple is keeping it honest. I can’t wait for Amazon to eat Apples lunch.
I find very sad that a once great station has sunk to National Enquirer status.  It surprises me that once worthwhile commentators currently come across as raving fools.  They spend their time looking for negative stories they can run.  We used to be CNN viewers but quit when they became Trunk bashers. 
I loved the old app.  This new app is basically unusable.  Cannot get to news categories like old one.
I'm a huge fan of CNN.  It's the only coverage I follow because they are authentic.  I did have issues with the App not working but it's great now and I can always stay connected
This is the most annoying app ever. It’s like the ex that won’t stop texting you. I get 4-6 notifications every day and no matter how many times I change settings to turn off notifications I still get them. I even deleted the app because it gives me so many and I’m still getting notifications. Why!!!!!!! Make them stop!!!!
One cnn keep you up to speed in news  So I love it some might cal it what they like .fake news but it’s real news 
I agree with brightguy’s post - too many large pictures - perhaps to appeal to the dumbed-down public? I prefer reading a synopsis before clicking on a picture. Guess i’ll mainly be using CNBC app and Apple News from now on. And, as others have said, just a tad biased.
I try to view news from multiple outlets to get some balance.  Can’t include CNN any more because they assume only the worst about our elected president.  As he tries to move America forward, CNN has become an anchor that needs to be cut loose.
Before I get to my main topic, it’s worthy to note that the CNN App is a battery hog. For 2 consecutive nights, I left app open with my iPad in sleep mode. Woke up each morning to a dead iPad and saw that CNN consumed 93% of my battery. It’s all the  very unnecessary video thumbnails. Epic tech fail? Can anyone else confirm this issue?  Now back to my subject line...Politics and fact-checking aside, there are enough reviews to substantiate CNN’s political stance and their strategy to advance it. My issue is with the lack of grammar and spell checking of articles that are approved for public viewing. It is a sign of our texting and short-cut communication times when a news agency can’t put out content that does justice to the English language. No one cares anymore about that. It’s all about speed and who gets to press first. It teaches bad lessons to the younger generation, most of who cannot even write their name in cursive writing (that would be script for all of you scratching your head). The dumbing down of America has been on for quite some time in our educational system and technology, regardless of all its good, has contributed to it as well. Wouldn’t it make sense for news agencies to lead the way with at least the written word? Remember when news agencies apologized for misstating, misquoting or misspelling something in subsequent editions? Well, if that were the case today, CNN and a host of other news agencies would need an entire department dedicated to that 24-7 based on the mistakes I see daily. MELBA...MAKE ENGLISH LANGUAGE BETTER AGAIN...or as close to perfect as possible. I proofread this rating and I’m sure some literary could suggest a correction here or there (go for it Sis!), but it is far better than most because I made the effort and I care! Critics, grammar and spell checkers are welcome to comment. It will only make me a better writer. Thank You. 
The only problem with the app is that it doesn’t keep my settings for live news feed.
The redesigned app by CNN has to be the worst news app in existence. They typography is terrible. The size of the type is too small and can’t be adjusted by end-users. The advertisements are ridiculously repetitive and are nothing but an annoyance and an insult to readers. While I understand the need to sell ads to support the app, this is overkill. Along with the horrible typography is the advertisements that are placed right in the middle of every story. I’ve downloaded the app twice to try and get rid of the close-captioning that accompanies every single video and that is also impossible. Shame on CNN. I will no longer get my news from their app.
Learning from other cultures. CNN thank you for the news and good time. I love , articles, reports and the press, the freedom of speech I can learn other languages and practice them here in the USA. Thanks to make other languages more professional. Thanks to have professional teams that speak other languages and bring a very professional news to my professional persona. I love freedom of speech.  Thanks to the media to back me up in my ethics and values in culture.
The coverage of the hurricane in Florida was terrific. The coverage of the hurricane in the White House is a big lie. Don lemon is a racist and should be given a pink slip.  CNN should only broadcast on New Year’s Eve. Anderson is terrific in this comedy role. The rest of the year CNN is truly “Fake News,” and you guys and gals should be off the air. 
Tired of the constant lies about everything, cnn always points out any bad and always misses all the great things, with country, government, Trump, deleting app.
I think objectively. I
No, you are not fake news, say I.  I thank God you are there to put some sanity into the news.  Please continue to dig and dig and dig more to get the truth.  Yes, it is an apple, not a banana as some would like us to believe.
I am an American who has worked overseas for 30 years. I only watch CNN even when I am in the States. It has a better balance of global news rather just American slanted news.
Fake and Gay.
CNN has become unprofessional in their continual opinionated and biased reporting of news. They take the side and shape the news against Trump and Republican Party whenever they can.
The App is good overall. I don’t like all the adds between page spreads.
Why is it that every time I try to use the CNN app I am told that a new version is available and I will need to download it.  I have done what I’m asked countless times yet nothing ever works.  It has become quite annoying and I refuse to use it until this bug is fixed.  FOX, anyone?
This has been my general go-to for a quick update on the day’s news. I’m starting to turn more to Flipboard simply to escape the increased floating ads, pop-up ads and video ads that take me completely out of the app when I’m merely trying to expand the window.  If you touch ever so slightly in the wrong spot on a frame, you get thrown into advertising window without a clear way to get back to what you were trying to read or view in the news. Then there’s the annoying, floating ad that shows up after every sentence — it’s usually the same ad that shows up everywhere, and I’m constantly scooting the ad out of the way so that I can read the news. CNN, do you really want us to read the news or not?
While I am not even using the app, random content starts playing on my iPhone. First time when it happened, I froze, because I am accessing bank accounts from my iPhone, and I thought I was being hacked. I started closing apps one by one, and when I closed CNN app, it stopped. Second time, same behavior. The supreme irony is that the content that was playing sounded like a very interesting piece on a subject I am interested in, but I was unable to find it in the app and watch it properly, afterwards. It was just the voice of the reporter, coming seemingly from nowhere. I removed the app. Good bye!  PS At the beginning of the 2017 year, they had another ugly bug, which was fixed at some point. This is just poor engineering, and there are other news apps with better content, too. 
Please keep good cnn video with closed caption.. thank you for usDeaf able to read CC while we can’t hear the sound,    Million thanks!!! Happy New Year! 
Doesn’t work. It’s sent to “off” yet it’s always scrolling across the videos. So I’ve stopped using the app after contacting the developer, no response, and reinstalling.
Wonderful to get news from CNN. As an immigrant from in the Caribbean, CNN Helps me a lot such as improve my English. Being in politics, CNN is one of the station to learn from. Once again CNN, keep up doing great work to inform us how the world is moving.
Logs me out and messages me reenter my cable provider credentials. Especially if I'm watching something interesting.
This is the only news channel app.  I think CNN reporters are fair professionals that do reveal actual facts.  Great work.
Anything but fake news!
You are driving me crazy with the ads.  I had to watch the same movie trailer 4 times to get through my news feed.  Making me want to delete the app and get my online news content elsewhere...
Balanced and wide news delivery as fas as I can tell.
I wonder how much CNN payed people to write all these good reviews. CNN is by far the most biased new source out there today, all they do is rip on our President and make fake news reports and him and republicans around the country. Trump has already done so much for this country and the American people, but all you people want to do is make up bad things to say about him because you don’t agree with making our country great again. It’s truly sad to see, but thanks for showing us who true democrats are (crying little children who throw tantrums when they don’t get their way while calling everyone bigots, racists, sexist, homophobic, etc if you don’t agree with them). Peace out Fake News Network
A free press plays an essential role in our democracy.  Fair and balanced reporting, not “fake facts” is the key to our enduring democracy.  Thank you CNN - your team of distinguished reporters uphold the values that have made our country great over the past two centuries.
I really enjoy the CNN reporting. I find it to be accurate, detailed and balanced. I don’t consider CNN reports to be fake news as President Trump proclaims. Keep up the good work CNN. I have Wolf Blitzer’s Situation Room and Wolf programmed into my DVR.
If you want a news app that is going to reassure your leftist views and always tell you that you are right and everyone else is wrong then this is the app for you. However if you want a news app that is going to report on real, unbiased news then you need to move on. This news network is a joke to journalism and will twist anything that can to bash president Trump or any one on the right constantly with no regard to actual news or any type of real journalism. And I am in no way saying that other news apps don’t twist stories at all such as Fox but my god CNN is soooo bad about it that it doesn’t even compare. CNN either stands for counterfeit news network or Clinton news network. Mind you I do have this app downloaded, but it is in my entertainment folder. I find it amusing when a bs story pops up, or they do videos that clearly bash the right, it’s funny to see them think they are in charge.
CNN used to be my favorite news app until the new update. They took out the feature that let you swipe between articles and the best accessibility options I’ve seen anywhere. Now I can’t even read the articles! Not sure what they were thinking!
Serious, truthful national and international news. And it is better and better!
CNN used to be a reliable outlet for news but now is just hell bent to destroy President Trump with hate filled rhetoric and fake news.  Constant accusations of racism, insults to law enforcement, accusations of Republicans screwing the poor and making the rich richer, all nonsense.  This anti-US organization needs to be seen as the ruthless, false narrative, hate-filled news station that it really is.  A pretty app doesn’t help.  Lipstick on a pig.
Fake news
Failing CNN . . . can’t wait for you “Matt Lauer” 15-minutes of shame!
It neglects to produce a reliable live stream of CNN. This app has one job...
I find CNN to be the middle of the road, with MSNBC on the far left, and FOX on the far right. I've watched CNN for many, many years and will continue to do so. Keep up the good work!!
As a self-proclaimed news addict, I love the updates sent to my phone. The daily/weekly (Monday-Friday) update of news stories on the app is great. The only disappointing piece was that the weekend updates are rare and lack the caliber that I mostly seen during the week.  I listened to classical music while I read the articles. However, since the last update, my music is cutting off because there is an advertisement that has video. It is beyond distracting BTW also annoying. Please advise. 
I like that cnn keeps it real, no matter what donald trump says, big thumbs up to cnn!
TRUTH! IT IS WHAT IT IS!
Ha complete bunch of loser liberal snowflakes, fake news
That moment when you blackmail a 15 year old for making a meme
So good... Accurate... Trustful.. Reliable.. best of all media... love it..🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷
CNN is my go to news source but I had to delete the app because of the obnoxious constant ads. Everytime I tried to watch a video I had to listen to the promo for The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. CNN can do better than this! I will just go to the CNN website if I want the news and not be grossed out by Mrs. Maisel everytime.
In my opinion the CNN app is awesome !!!, but the notifications I get will indeed scare the hell out of me, especially when it comes to Trump
First I just want to say I like cnn compared to Fox News which is horrible and mainly have blondes who cater to mid aged men.  The app is ok except the stupid add that runs for 14 seconds about two main countries.  Do not get me wrong I m a moslem and Arab but I despise sellout for 2 terrorist nations that are paying billions of dollars to rage war just to preserve their existence.  If these commercials stay like this, Fox News might be right after all about fake news. 
I’ve updated the CNN app but continue to receive notification that I need to update the app. I’m just about ready to delete the app since I can’t see full site content.  That’s a real shame. I am a long time fan of CNN.
I have watched CNN for some time. I rely on their energy to get to the bottom of the news. If you are a Trump supporter you won’t care for CNN. Or the New York Times or the Washington Post, or Boston Globe. They have their faults, but they are not propaganda machines like Fox News.
Great app, great news, but I am waiting for the day that CNN offers a paid subscription to have the ads removed from the videos and middle of articles.
Keep sticking it to the lier in chief, the fake so-called president.
If everybody believed what they read on cnn, they would believe that  the government cares  about  the people. The democrats have done nothing for blacks yet we keep voting for them. It's time to vote them out. Cnn lives to lie. 
Every time I open this app it redirects me to AppStore for upgrade for which there is none making this app unusable.
Bad APP. Shuts down often. Bad layout
Excelent information
I noticed a few reviews by biased Trump supporters that do not like seeing any negative reporting on his performance. Unfortunately, news agencies report on both the good and bad. There has just been more negative than positive to report on with the current presidency. However, CNN, while slightly liberal has reported factually over the decades. Look thru their records and you’ll see plenty of negative press for Obama and Clinton and plenty of positive press for both Bushes.  The reporting has always followed the actions of our president with accuracy.  As for the app design, it’s a bit heavy with oversized elements that make it hard to scan and preview without lots of oversized graphics/images. I guess the new thing is to create news that is more similar to a 3 year old’s picture book (with PowerPoint style videos - just photos with oversized captions).  They have less and less word articles to READ and it’s sorely missed. They put advertising before reporting the news. 
The level of bias is downright appalling. Fake negative news.
As far as CNN, it is the best news channel out there.  Fair and honest reporting at all times, they are the first channel I turn to with breaking news.  Their reporting is the only one that I turn to.  Thank you CNN for all you do to keep America safe.
The app frequently freezes. Either while reading a story or scrolling up and down.  I then read the story I’m interested in on another news source.  CNN is one of my favorites but the current difficulty with the app on iPhone/iPad Pro is very frustrating. 
😊👍🏾
Keep up the good work CNN!
You are the best news station around! Happy New Year to all of the CNN staff and their families. Can’t wait to join Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen on New Year’s even from our living room in Massachusetts.
This app consisted of nothing but FAKE news bashing trump and is run by liberal lunatics, I would give it no stars at all if I could
I am amazed at how much CNN is getting attacked compared to the others. At the time of my review, Fox News has a few hundred decent reviews, probably because no decent person is going to bother attacking them for no reason. MSNBC has less than 100 at a 2 star average, and half of their bad reviews seem to be mostly on the performance of the app itself, the other half is the fake news screaming from trolls. They\'re even crapping on the CNN Money app which has absolutely nothing to do with politics.   CNN app has garnered some 12,000+ bad reviews based on this \"fake news\" propaganda that Trump has drummed up and as he continues to push his lies, you hard core Trump supporters trolling the review section just gobble it all up like a fat boy eating an entire extra large pizza. Trump and his “base” attacks CNN so much because they expose his lies and hypocrisy time and time and time again.   And you think the networks\' rating are falling like a rock? Quite the contrary, all these attacks are giving them more viewerships. More eyes on the network, critical or not = better tv ratings.   CNN is doing just fine thanks to you.   Apple, please do something about these a hole trolls. They\'ve tried the same thing in the google store CNN app, and google started taking care of them right away. 
As a Trump voter and supporter I appreciate the balanced news delivery this app provides. If you don’t want to read stories about what our government is doing, right or wrong, then you should bury your head in the sand. I believe an informed public is essential for democracy to survive. We need to keep all politicians in check. To label something “fake news” simply because you don’t like the truth is disingenuous. If Fox News is truly “Fair and Balanced” why is there never, ever, a negative story about our current administration? They had no problem attacking the previous president hourly. This, my fellow citizens, is textbook hypocrisy. I fear Fox News is slowly destroying my Republican Party, so I come to CNN to find out what is happening in the world.
CNN provides the most up to date news from around the world. I have never watched so much world news as I have since the presidential election. I am concerned about this nation and I am trying to become more educated about the political climate.
It does not work over cell service, only WiFi.  I have tried in many locations without WiFi, reinstalled app, and still get error message not connected to network.   But then it works when WiFi is available.  Useless most of the time for me.
Nothing to say that hasn’t been said before. This is hot garbage and they deleted my other review.
Fake News.
When the crooks have more rights than the law abiding home owners something is wrong. I'm just saying,   We should All make one of those blank boxes and hire Clint Eastwood for the shells that don't work.   Kevin M - Media, Pa 
Always up to date news and world is in your hands through CNN. I love CNN.
Americans need to know the truth about our current government lies!
I am not critiquing the content. The app is a nightmare. Links to stories that go who-knows-where? Random scrolling jumps as you read a story are maddening. CNN is compounding the already stressful experience of keeping up with events in the world. You owe it to us. Fix this train-wreck of an app. Please!!!!!!
CNN’s talking heads get lost in Trump’s distractions while America falls prey to a mad man.  The speculations, the sophisticated gossip...  I remember when CNN was great. Make CNN great again!   Stay relevant!  What are the facts and where’s the direction?
I trust CNN to stand up to Trumpenführer and his lies.  Acosta is a HERO.
Whoever gives this app a five star review is probably an extreme leftist open borders supporting soymilk drinking piece of garbage. But that's just my Opinion.
The only News that is not afraid to stand up to the new American Traitor President! Keep up the Good work and fighting against the unholy alliance between Trump,Pence, and the abhorrent GOP.
Deleted. Do not like the new format. Just a bunch of videos. I prefer to read articles. If I wanted to watch videos. I would watch television.
All they do is just delete the bad reviews. it’s a bad app and a bad new network. Don’t even bother
It’s better to give us a look up function in iphone bcuz we can’t understand all the words. It can be easy for international users.
The only thing that is fake in your news is Slick Donnie’s fake quaff. Peace and love at all of youz. Thanks for the real news.
Where’s the News? CNN used to be journalistic reporting. Now, it's mostly complaining about conservatives and espousing the virtue of liberals. They ignore huge events that don’t support their agenda and promote the tiniest things, if it fits their narrative. Very disappointing (not that CNN cares about the review, since the ‘big businesses’ they hate are still more than willing to support them).
If I hear of a story around town and want to read about it on my own when I get home, it would be nice if there was a search bar for us to get right to the story.  I just downloaded this app today, so maybe I'm missing something here, but I don't see "search"  Thanks. 
Not one article on Hillary, Obama, Dems!!!! Unbelievable!!!! I was looking for honest news but not here!!! Downloaded the Fox News App!
Blackmailing and Bad Journalism.
CNN keeps everyone up to date on the latest news. If you want to stay informed, stay tuned to CNN.
Don’t get distracted, keep doing what you are doing. CNN and most of the news agencies are Respectful, and yes, there maybe a hiccups in the process on accuracy of the news...as long as it is corrected in a timely fashion. 
💩 I want to love it but the Ads drive me crazy 
Downloaded this app hoping to get a quality, unbiased news source. I was SADLY mistaken. Every article is fake with extreme, left-leaning bias. CNN had an opportunity to rise above the influence and failed. They're nothing to me but FAKE news at this point. Deleting this app right away and never watching again. Also couldn’t help but notice they deleted all their 1-star reviews...fake news.
Excellent analysis first thing each morning!
Can’t trust what say.  They try to report on stories before they check it out
I am proud of being rate funs of this Chanel on Morocco
Factual news 24 hours a day.
Biased
CNN producers have repeatedly contacted me about The so called “Russian collusion” investigation by Bob Mueller.  It refuses to air one minute about the Uranium One allegations.  When I ask to comment about Uranium One, the booker/producers have said, “We’ll get back to you.”  Victoria Toensing
Every time I click CNN on my iPad, I get a message that I need to update - which I do because there is not another choice.  I shouldn’t have to update every time I use it should I?
It's either the worst news app ever or the best fake-news app ever. Just another msnbc liberal opinion app. Disgusting!
I have no issue with the content and subject matter reporting. I just hate that The app forces me to download CNN every time I click on it to read
IMoo
Every time I use it and pause the app it keeps playing sounds it has gotten really annoying. If you could please fix then the app might be better
When CNN or one of its employee makes an error, and yes, every MORTAL SOUL, makes errors, there are apologies AND action to try and remedy the error. When I listen to the “Liar-in-Chief” , his apologists, or his spokes-people, all I hear is lies followed by more lies with the claim that this is false news.  We NEVER hear them make the claim “look it up”!  The last thing they want is people to verify what they are being told.  CNN, keep up the GREAT work!
CNN is extremely bias and dose not offer real news
CNN is real time news.  Thanks for keeping us informed.  Thanks for keeping everything honest and straight.  It is very hard now days.  THANK YOU
These are the days of miracles and wonder. With an open mind, consume as much information as you can gather, and let the breadth of it educate you. Begin here.
This is my go to news app.  Have been watching CNN for years so I trusted this app.
For those of you who think that CNN is biased because they call Trump a liar, you are all Brownshirts in the making.  Trump endorsed Roy Moore for senate.  If you think you can trust people who are bigoted, sexist and devoid of any moral compass to manage policy in the best interests of all Americans, you are truly stupid.  Those issues are non starters for anyone with any sense.  Trump is a cancer, and so are his supporters.  An irredeemable cancer.  Hopefully they will get older and fade away while the get replaced by the 21’st century.  Thank you CNN for speaking truth, and to hell with these amoral Trump idiots.
Of the 3 major cable news networks available in the US this is the most complete. They seem to follow what is trending on social media as what they give the most time to.  MSNBC leads far left when FOX NEWS is basically “State Run TV” for the GOP.
Excellent But the app format before the new one was better 
Cry me a river! Get over it, Trump is your president, respect the fact, stop being obsessed. Embarrassing. 
I’m not a Trump supporter, and I agree with a lot of the cases made against him, but CNN will pick and pick away like little fleas at any bit of dirt they can get on Trump, even when it’s completely unfounded, such as whenever he argues with or insults a female senator, reporter, etc. He does it to everyone, not just females, but in the latter case, it’s sexist. On top of that, they constantly virtue signal about social issues.  That type of coverage is absolutely nauseating. Though they’re on “my side”, they make me cringe. I wish they would just report the news without throwing up a panel of liberals to comment on it. Be more like the Wall Street Journal, BBC, and Reuters and less like Salon, Buzzfeed, and the New York Times. 
Always up to minute with a variety of national news. Always read the five most important news to start the day. Not all of it bad. I like the analysis segments titled option, always well written & though provoking
Can barely read the text since the font is so small and can't be changed. The app needs options to increase font size and to embolden text to make the articles readable. A lot of the links go to the wrong article. The links to social media sites which could be used to share links to the articles seldom work at all.
Screen frequently freezes  Article descriptions frequently are not related to actual story   Way too many irrelevant annoying ads 
Wanted news. Got fake news instead. Sad!
My favorite channel is CNN.  All the journalists who work for this network are very profesional and trustworthy.  I get the real information by watching CNN.  The app is very convenient, I am able to access  CNN every time and everywhere I go, especially when I take my dog for her daily walk.
I haven’t had problems til now. I TRY TO OPEN the app weather clicking on the article i want or the app in general and it’ll start loading and then goes to a white screen. I thought it was my connection on my phone but tried when was connected to WiFi and still same results. Will change my rating when this is fixed. Thanx
This is flat out fake and biased news... FOX is better and more reliable!
Very unhappy with recent upgrade. Former version updated every time I opened it. The new one does not update very often. Even when I try to do a manual update it is difficult to get the app to update.
CNN is one of the few places I go to to get the facts strictly the facts. I am intelligent enough to draw my own conclusions. With the political climate that exists in United States at this time a free and truthful news coverage and newspaper coverage is more important than ever. Thanks to all of you for your convictions.
Although I love their news, the app is usually out of sink- videos don’t work and pictures don’t go with the stories.
C riminal  N azi N ews 
Best top news, since the 80’s
***Overwhelmed with ads, clickbait overtaking real news:  “INSANE SECRET TO PAY OFF YOUR MORTGAGE!!!!”***  Deleted the app. 
CNN app gives you latest headlines throughout the day   I’m always on top of main events due to CNN 
Worst news app, biased all the way. For those of you know wonder why CNN's ratings are so high, they pay Apple to withhold bad ratings.
You are NOT fake news. I count on you every day to provide what is really going on   Thank you.
I can get my summary of news for the day all day long - love the app!!
My morning starts with Chris Como and Poppy   Keep up the good work
3 stories come thru in breaking news. I select the story, it moves to the CNN app. App tells me to download current version...I choose download...it goes to App Store, tells me to OPEN ...I tried to update...it says I have...so far I have missed ALL 3 stories because of playing around with this..and still haven't got to read anything. ALSO, when I get a notification, I touch the story and it NEVER seems to go to the actual story...but some main page...If I wanted the main page, I would open the app and not ask for push notifications...How much of my time can an app waste in a day! Ridiculous LIST is much needed here!
Switching back to BBC news until CNN can restore the old app. We will not watch videos with repetitive ads we only want to read the news (quietly) and without the ability to choose any categories, it seems like nine stories is good enough.
I don’t know how anyone but a confirmed partisan hack could read any of the political drool from this source. So utterly fake and created out of thin air at times as to be laughable. it certainly isn’t journalism it’s where the truth goes to die.  It makes me question their other reporting and 
Thanks CNN for giving us REAL news. I rely on your unbiased information,
The news is what we want you to have access to; there is no search  fed up  with the news coverage being all about Trump and the White House problems; you give very little about anything else
CNN is, and always has been the news network you go to, if you want the truth and latest news that is happening in the U.S. & internationally. We watch it daily on our home T.V. & I check my CNN news updates regularly on my phone app. They are in our home and lives so much, that my husband & I have often discussed the anchors and correspondents as if they are family. We truly have CNN on in our home daily. We LOVE CNN!!❤️🎄👍🏼
Keep the true news coming. I appreciate your hard work to find the truth and keeping the world informed. 
You keep changing your app for the sake of change, and now it’s REALLY effed up. Will you please pick a SIMPLE, normal format with which to choose stories and categories and then leave it be?
Love CNN ....No FAKE news
I enjoy the current and accurate news reporting by CNN. It’s relevant  and timely. Essentially, it’s a one-stop resource for current news and issues.
It’s all part of profits , fake news and no responsibility—  liberal news sell due to all the different diversities in our country ., This is being written by a diverse citizen who is concern with using my diversity and others as a convenience to write fake or bad news. the news media has lost most of there credibility.   When I speak with thirty and younger citizens they either don’t watch the news or trust the media to be accurate .  You (CNN) must look at the current ratings of millennials and younger to see that you are losing your future base of viewers due to there mistrust.   Thanks-
The slant of this group is ridiculous. Completely biased and downright trash.
CNN holds an agenda of brainwashing their viewers with bias news.
Very very one sided. Agenda driven. Not balanced at all.
DELETED!  Sick of the Fake news. Whoever is president deal with it. Just like all the Americans that didn’t vote for Obama, they dealt with it. CNN takes every opportunity to report the downfalls of our current president. The current president isn’t perfect but no is unless you’re god. That’s CNN’s whole show 24/7 what our current president has done wrong.  Whatever happened to reporting the news and keeping personal feelings out of it? Stupid question, CNN is bought and paid for by a certain government committee and officials. 
Why am I forced to download the new version when all I want to do is read an article.  I don’t have time to wait for the download.  Gotta go.  Guess I really don’t need CNN for anything
CNN, your app “upgrade” is worse in every way. I get it that you want to showcase video, but you have dumbed down the app, instead of adding more features and control, and made it harder for news lovers to find the news they want. Your advertising system is buggy and freezes on ads. Fail. Actually, you should learn from the New York Times and give your viewership a way to give meaningful feedback. You are devolving not evolving, even though you have plenty of good content.
I wish I caught this guy’s name, he did an awesome job of summarizing the tax bill and explaining it in detail but understood!
App does nothing but hang.
I view multiple new sources to make sure I’m getting the real story.  CNN peels back the layers to provide the entire story.  You should never rely on only one new source to get your information.
No matter where in the world I go, I turn to CNN International for real news, from the worlds best reporters and anchors and the global reach that only CNN can offer. CNN is dependable. Thanks to everyone @ CNN.
Thank you for being bright, incisive, tenacious, and edgy during these parlous political times.
CNN is consistently slow in reporting the latest news.  My local tv station app is always before CNN in breaking news. New app is terrible. 
Part of my daily check in several times each day for the most current and unbiased news from a team of courageous journalists and insightful analysts.   Jim Acosta’s coverage of the White House is exceptional — always asking the hard questions.  CNN clearly works hard to shine a light on truth in many diverse stories and the breadth of their coverage around the world is amazing.
CNN has been extremely biased for many years, but this year, they have done nothing but bash President Trump. Just report the news, and leave your soap boxes at home.  On a side note, there sure are a lot of blind users who think CNN is fair? Don’t make me laugh. 
CNN is in my opinion is the most reliable news reporting station on nationwide television. They dig deep for the nuggets of truth but unfortunately now we live in a society that rejects the truth and buy into LIED 😩😩😩 !!!
Stop treating us like we’re 5 year-olds!  Big pretty pictures, lots of videos, fewer stories.  Some of us actually can read, like to scan multiple stores, and don’t need our news in picture form.  Go back to old format where there were more than a few stories on one screen.  A terrible dumbing-down of the app.
Never disappoints!
Battery usage list shows CNN app running in background. Cannot stop it with normal controls. 
I love CNN .... REAL NEWS for people who belief in Truth.
Where is the podcast player in the app?  But thank you for great news and a great app! 
I visited CNN in Atlanta and I knew they were real. They support the truth. I can give real examples of biased news.
CNN has no equal for me, the news , the analysis , the many various programs , the events coverage  CNN is b my best Network 
CNN this app could be great.  Too touchy hard to watch live
Very fast and clean interface. Easy to use and the news is always up to date and relevant
Have latest version of both OS and app for IPhone. App crashes locks up and freezes every minute or so. Have been intermittent problems over last few updates. Not the app is pretty much unusable. I used to love this app. Not interested in cashing it, hope to let them know so the app can get fixed.
CNN went down the tubes some time ago.  Not worth watching as they selectively show only their agenda.  Even as a democrat, no real information comes through. Pity 
Shows not available on mobile devices and it makes me reauthorize all the time. On the Apple TV i have to log in every time I try to watch! A real disappointment.
This app doesn’t stay current with breaking news. Many times it is not updated for 24 hours. Frustrating and disappointing.
CNN blackmailed a 15-year-old, after being caught LYING with the Russia connection in the presidential election. A truly awful company that needs to go bankrupt and cease to exist. The 4.7 star rating it currently has is fake too!
Trying to use Picture in Picture feature on the iPad Pro but this does not work - video always freezes when minimized
Every news source is slightly biased, but the one thing I like about CNN is how quickly it delivers on headlines. It's probably one of the best networks when it comes to presenting the news as it begins to unfold.
The “new” app is a huge step backwards, a shame since CNN is now a great source of news with unusable app!
Open the app, see some story tiles but the app is frozen
This app does better for live streaming than most of the other network apps.  I do not remember a time where the video has frozen.
The Best news network, first class programing with very professional people on and off the air.   CNN reports the news with facts and it's not fake news some people can't handle the truth... 
Political views at home are opposite. I’m Team CNN, MSNBC & he is team (ugh) Fox News 😞. I cant stand to see or hear one second of Fox News. He does not want me to watch CNN. Luckily I have CNN app on my phone & can watch live. We started as both voting for Obama but he changed. I’m still Team Obama but he is now Team (ugh) Trump. Sometimes change is not good. 😞 Some of the pro Trump people I see on CNN really get on my nerves. I don’t know his name but one Weasley guy who was harassing Anna Navarro recently was very annoying. Send him to Fox. Yuk. ShacaWe 
New app..is much slower to respond.  Also, it seems that there is less control moving between subject matter.   There are less categories to chose from and items are not updated very often. I hope this app is fixed. 
Yellow journalism at its worst. They make totally bogus stories about trump and are trying to brainwash people into thinking that socialism is the answer
I deleted this App. If you bring it up, inevitably a super loud video will start at the most inappropriate time as you are scrolling through story titles. I know they want to push their content but they pushed me away too.
Just as a young kid I am able to realize that CNN is fake news!
CNN is a great news organization and I have enjoyed reading your editorials for many years.   Keep up the good work.
Would love to have the ability to chrome cast to my tv.
Made up news
CNN is one of the most, if not most consistent News Broadcast always love love my CNN.
Stopped working!    Does  not open.    Update caused a catastrophic error.
How you got five stars is just as fake as your news.
Most adults, would prefer to Read the news and not have 1000 videos. The new version is absolutely worthless for the traveling, executive. As most times you do not have direct connection to the Internet you can’t watch all the video I would prefer to read the stories and not here talking bobble heads.
Yes why only 5 minutes on my iPhone , it's not fare😡
News is no longer news
Just updated cnn app...doesn’t work...deleted and reloaded...same issue...IT Dept may need to review for some bugs...thx
half the content won't even load, so what's the point?
Ever since the app was updated (lousy layout, by the way), it freezes, crashes, etc.  fix the app so I don’t have to go to other sources.  Bring back the Last layout as well.  It was easy to find everything (and I knew I was at CNN- your branding has all but disappeared w the new layout)
I love the detailed coverage. The live view. I’m very happy.
I like CNN so I get a lot of the news there. The app interface is also easy and clear. One flaw is that it doesn't update so I have to force updated whenever I go to it. Also, one has to get used to the giant ads that are there that mimic a story.
CNN set the st Standard for news in 1980 and continue to surpass their own standards their staff is well informed well educated and some of the best in the business now the downside commercials please I pay for my phone service on this media I don’t appreciate commercials
CNN reports the news regardless of the criticism. You also ask the questions and follow the stories that majority of the people wants to hear!   FYI: Continue reporting on all the FOOLISHNESS coming from the WH! 
The best
True News!
The new app is all pictures and videos. The headlines don’t even fit on the page.  The app seems designed for a junior high school class where kids won’t read. It’s insulting
Amazing app.
Like the app and the news channel. Fair reporting for to 20+ years I have followed this and other news channels.
number 1 real News channel worldwide
Always informative and I love the commentators!
Can’t live without it!
It's not hard to report the news just leave your biased  opinions out of it.let folks make up their own minds we don't need help  is that so hard for you just to report facts that aren't fake???
This is an 🍎!
Thanks for this great apps
What makes a decent app terrible? It’s false content.
My number one source of news
I think the fake reports that Trump had political ties with Russia completely outweighed any few redeeming qualities that the company has. This is not a company that should be allowed to spew its lies into the public domain.
Love the new app. Easy to skim over stories of interest. Short video accompanies each story. Well executed design and easy to see overview of many stories per page.
First five minutes of my ‘free’ trial was buffering and commercials. Gee I’m really excited to sign up and pay for this!
CNN thanks for always getting the truth out about so many things! Keep fighting the good fight of faith! Don’t back down for no one.
Thank you for standing up to all the bigotry coming out of the rights mouth, being a voice for people like me that don't have that platform. I'm a white blue collar union male, that believes this administration is ruining America. So much more to say about it, but there's no need from me. CNN just has to report the news and it's done for people like me.
Why can we no longer READ the news? I don’t want to watch a video all the time. If I wanted to do that I’d turn on the tv. What am I missing here?
CNN app got over 100k rating reviews, compare to rival FoxNews only 5k reviews. Whos more popular? LOL.. it says it all.
Wonderful source of authentic information
Dear Friends, Thank you for your drive,your relentless search for the truth and for being that voice crying out in the desert. I am old, cranky, tired and enraged at the chaos and ugliness chipping away at our beloved Constitution. It’s nothing new but the ugliness of our underbelly has finally crawled completely above ground and at this point  little more than  North Korea can possibly bring our demolition to a screeching halt. You represent sanity and truth. Please don’t crack under the strain. We need the hope you bring us day after day. 
I thought kind of peculiar for trump getting on cnns case all the time so I decided to find out and yeah, he’s totally right. This news group is all about trashing the moral standards of America. It’s disgusting. I think if you believe this crap they put out then you yourself are a horrible person. Sorry, I still love you, but you are a horrible person. Honest to God.
Nuff said
I get upset every time I watch these stupid waste of time press    briefings with Sarah Saunders! First, in defending trumps sexual assaults on women and saying he never made any inappropriate gestures to her. Trump basically told you that “ You are not his type, he loves beautiful women”. So why would you say what you did in his defense! Sarah is not his type to grab or kiss. I beg all the reporters to boycott the  so  called briefings with Sarah Hucklebee! It is a mockery of our free intelligent press to be asking questions of a trump robot! Please, do not stoop to their ignorant level. It is a waste of time and the press should not be a part of causing Sarah to look stupid and continue with a dialogue of lies!  Roberta Hargis 
In this politically charged climate, it’s important to keep calling out injustice. Whether on the left or the right, reporting facts is important. It’s also ok to report opinion as long as it’s represented as opinion as you do. Don’t be bullied into giving up please. And thank you for correcting mistakes when they occur. Double, triple checking before reporting is as important as an out of work employee proofing a resume.
It is fake and liberal
I give the app a 3 as there are way too many ads. I understand that is how you generate revenue but when I see the same ad on three consecutive videos I want to watch that is ridiculous. I could get the message seeing the ad 1 time.
Great show it’s better than sports these days.
The updated app is pretty good. However would like to see subsections added under the the major sections. ie Top News for instance (u.s., world, politics etc and the local weather if you allow the app to access your location. Other than the app it is pretty good.
This is an Apple and some FAKE PEOPLE tweet that this is a BANANA
I have watched CNN for so many years I can’t remember a time without CNN.You are far from fake news.I enjoy your program because you aren’t trying to create kaoss.You try to present facts and not sensationalize or attack or waste time  feeding into the far right nonsense.Bless you all.
The bestselling
After reading CNN's privacy statements, I will be deleting this app from my phone. CNN tracks your location, collects data on your social media, keeps track of which browser you use. Also, they share your data with third parties. I encourage everyone to read CNN's privacy statement. Also, check your privacy settings to see what CNN has access to. Also, while using this app, I noticed CNN is very biased. No wonder why people keep calling CNN fake news. You had to report that the president drinks 12 diet cokes a day. Really, how is that news? Come on, CNN be honest. Just openly admit you hate president Trump and love Obama. I am not fond of either one. 
Love it.
CNN had a great app for years.  With a quick touch, I could READ dozens of news stories.  Now the empty suits at CNN have decided, that I need a duplicate of my television set on my iPad even though it has to stop and buffer three or four times during the report, making the entire experience very painful.  If I need a talking head to explain the news to me, I have four television sets in my home and, when I travel, the airport has one every fifteen feet.  What I need is my old app back, so I can take a quick break and READ up on the news.  Sadly, this app has been deleted.
The real newsfeed 😊
All the stories are completely unbelievable I think they just make everything up.I have just noticed that even the app ratings are false have they no shame very fake!!!! I just want to thank CNN for that hard-hitting news that Donald Trump drinks diet soda oh my God!!!!
This network is truly cringeworthy to watch reporting. Always used to be more bias-free, and ever since Trump came in office the blatant agenda of the network against the President is embarrassingly obvious. Get off the air!
If you are a fan of The Onion, this is the perfect app for you. Just last Friday, CNN was the first and only news outlet to report the bombshell news story about how President Trump had early access to the Big Wikileaks information dump. I gave my conservatives friends so much grief over this, only to find out President Trump is right. FAKE NEWS!
Like most news organizations, CNN is under attack by an autocrat and his cronies.  Their lies far out distance the factual news CNN and others report daily. His 30% followers believe this muck-raking because they are not bright enough to look at the facts presented and make clear and correct analysis of the information provided.  What galls me the most is that a republican controlled House and Senate are in lock step with this president’s lies and allegations against the news organizations, the FBI, the intelligence organizations, and basic common decency. Keep up the good work and reporting. Your analysis of the news is backed up by many hours and days and weeks of hard work in gathering the information by competent and able news people wanting to get the truth out in the open, no matter which side of the fence this reporting falls.  Keep up the great work! 
reliable source thank you cnn updating any minutes
Good app for keeping up-to-date with the news. I do wish that all the videos would also contain the text of the story. Sometimes you are not in a place where you can listen to a video.
Good front end. To the point. Great response time. I would recommend to  friends
Thank you for all that you do get it right . I Don’t  see any bananas thank you.
This is so biased you can't even sort through it all. If you are looking for facts and real news, this is not the place. But if you're looking to buffer a narrow minded one sided view of the world, then you’ve come to the right place!
Thank you CNN. Our country needs you. You are on the right side of history!
They mock the presidents soda consumption rather than report a terrorist bombing in NYC. These folks have nothing but hate to offer.
The freezing has stopped. Great coverage!  Seems to me that reporting leans Donald Trump way since he seems to occupy most of the media space, yours included. Most of Clinton space is negative. I am wondering why there has not been an outrage, even media wise, about his refusal to be transparent about his tax returns. Those could turn up something really negative about his business dealings, but of course, eight days before the election those are all but forgotten!!!!!! 
The app won’t connect to my WiFi or LTE. Constantly crashes. Super annoying.
I am uninstalling the app. Every time I check the news, it's all about Donald Trump. Approximately 80% of what you report is about Trump. Over it. There are other things happening in the world that I wish you'd to report on.  In addition, most of what is being reported is extremely twisted, skewed and plainly inaccurate.
I really wish people would focus on reviewing the app, and not the content or news coverage. Your opinion of the news is not helpful when I’m trying to evaluate an app.  I was not having any issues with this app until recently.   But over the last few weeks, every time I click a story I want to read from my news alerts, the CNN app prompts me to update it. I can’t access the story without updating. But it has already been updated. When I follow the prompts to update (since it gives me no other choice), I get redirected to the home page instead of to the page I was reading. I lose track of the story that I wanted to read. At that point, it’s gone from my news alerts, and I can’t find it once the app realizes it’s already up-to-date. This is getting really aggravating. It makes the app completely useless to me. 
I’m still seeing stories that Schumer calls on Franken to resign, when in the real world, he resigned four days ago.  I am reading things in print magazines which arrived by snail mail, that haven’t happened yet on my CNN feed.  The only solution I’ve found is to erase the app and all its data, and then reinstall the app every morning.  This time I will erase, but not reinstall.
HORRIBLE. Vaccinations are causing a pandemic in autism rates, and Big PHARMA has a law on the books to protect them from any harm caused.  Fix your nutrition and you will see most medical problems go away.    Drug companies don't want you cured - they want you to rely on them for the rest of your life.  There is already a cure for many cancers - but the drug companies & government tried to have the Doctor put in jail, and wanted to steal his patents.  They don't want you cured!  It's too big of a business to be fixed.  Then they raise money so they can pretend to be looking for a cure - it's all BS. 
It is amazing the anchors can feed these stories with a straight face even after their manufactured news has been exposed many times.  I expect CNN to make a clean sweep at the Emmy’s: 1) Outstanding Drama Series 2) Outstanding Comedy Series 3) Outstanding Lead Actor/Actress in a Drama Series 4) Outstanding Lead Actor/Actress in a Comedy Series... 5) Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series 6) Outstanding Variety Talk Series Fortunately for CNN, Emmy’s do not have a fact-checking award.  BTW the Emmy’s distinguishing males from females is sexist and a setback for social justice.  Keep up the good acting CNN 
There was a time when I felt like I received real news from cnn.  Somewhere along the line they lost it. It was before Trump came along however. Now they seem simply anti-American. Even if you don’t agree with Trump, it is painfully obvious that cnn holds all of America in contempt. I come away feeling as though I’ve been raped anytime I watch it. America would be better off without cnn.
Your news clip on Santa trying to degrade Trump was disgusting.  Your efforts to bring the worst image to portray Pres Trump places your network again and again as the format of news transmission .  I keep hoping that your network will move fro the position of trying to derail this President to reporting the news.  What an embarrassment to the news corporate sector ?  BobHolmes 
Works with Directv, but no Directv Now support!!!  You’re getting behind your competitors... time to update your licensing agreements!
CNN, yes, thank god for CNN, exactly what the press is supposed to be, honest but like a pit bull I love CNN philosophy, Love for country before love for ratings, hate the one track minded Fox Chantal, topical right wingers if there is money or involved, they are no longer puritans, false moral guardians. Thank you CNN, keep it up, if our vote do not count because billionaires get to pay for these politicians in congress, let’s get rid of this fundamentalist right wingers in the White House and in congress
Now CNN is mimicking DT. Stop frequently to tell me how wonderful I am. (Do you love my ap)? Am I supposed to say it is HUGE, the best Ap ever.....  Please just continue to report factual news. That is the limit of my expectations. 
What happened to the text?
Fake NEWS
Every time I launch the app it a window pops up requesting the app needs to be updated.  This happens even though I have the most recent version.  Thank you.
Worse reporting than when fox attacked Obama....sad.
I find it interesting that apple and cnn continue to hide bad ratings. this is an awful app and a failing news source
Your mind fails you. You certainly do not have a logical bone in your body. Hence I say that bone is in your mind 
UPDATE 2: tired of the radical liberal bias and intentionally misleading propaganda spewing from CNN. They have lost all credibility.   UPDATE 1: the 5 star reviews are FAKE. Apple colluded with CNN to delete thousands of negative reviews to get the average rating increased for this left-wing ‘news’ app.   Complete and total waste of time. Essentially left-wing fake news. The app doesn't even work half the time. 
CNN Journalist Report the news good and bad. As I see it they are not trying to please anyone. They base the news on facts. People may not like to here all the bad things that are going on but for us to grow as a nation that is based on all people are created equal.  We need to know what is going.
Why do I have to download new version every time I sign on? Would once not be sufficient? 
Growing up in South Africa I always considered CNN a credible and reliable source of global news.  How far they’ve fallen....  “All propaganda, all the time” should be their new tag line.  CNN has lost all credibility in recent years. I still keep the app around to check in occasionally to see what the sheep are being fed.  I will admit, the unabashedly liberal propaganda can be entertaining.  But as a reliable news source? Afraid not... 
It’s so great that the App Store hides all the negative reviews on the liberal media. Whatta joke. This app is as horrible as the actual website. Please write a negative review!
Useful app that I use most days. Live TV needs to be updated to make use of full screen on iPhone X.
In a very usable format
Correction Needed Network
I have been trying to update the latest version of the CNN app on my iPad Pro for days and it consistently fails to take: can’t read articles nor use the old version. It is in a perpetual loop — please fix!
I’m a trump supporter... but I like to keep my eyes on ALL news sources because it’s important to get ALL sides...    The app works well, easy to maneuver, and has never crashed on me, plus it alerts you quickly to breaking news.  That earns a 5 Star...  I dropped it to 3 because of the obvious bias, and even though opinion pieces are clearly labeled opinion pieces it’s obvious it’s ALL opinion pieces.  I dropped my rating to 2 because some stories turned out to have important details wrong, which isn’t as bad as the fact that retractions and corrections are impossible to find.  The stories just get quickly buried and disappear.  I should drop it to 1 for that serious flaw, but for a news fiend it works well. 
In a growing world of opinion and propagandistic “news,” mostly from the righteous right, CNN need not be passive, and certainly not apologetic, about its vetted reporting. Way to “stand our ground” in a time of an absurd alternative reality that’s being maliciously peddled by those afflicted with fear and hate! Keep up the great work!
App I very slow. There are problems with text ending before the sentence ends. Then a new paragraph takes over. It's irritating because one can't finish a story. It occurs in almost every story.  Also, why do many videos with no text? Most times it’s not convenient to watch a video. Why not at least include a transcript along with the video? 
Funny watching these morons fall all over themselves spreading lies again and again and again.   What do you report that is not a lie cnn?    Every day you make up news that is completely wrong and full of lies.  Notice how everyday they have to report a correction to one of their fake news stories.  These morons just don’t realize everyone has a computer and can check their lies.    CNN you have failed again and again.  No reason to watch your liars.
I am deleting the CNN app as soon as I write this review. This last story about Trump having access to Wikileaks emails on the WRONG date is the last straw. Being a moderate in my politics, I have kept up with both CNN and Fox News...but not anymore!!! When there’s NO vetting of the information, and then it gets published...shame on all of you on staff!!! And then, to do an update, but advising NO disciplinary action will be taken is flat wrong!!! You have special protections under our great Construction, but if this is your response, I can’t trust you nor your biased published, so called news. As a news organization, you are acting like spoiled little children that didn’t like the outcome of the election...I encourage everyone to also delete this app, as it is really just becoming, “Fake News!!!”
It’s disgusting how so many people really think that this is an unbiased news station where they eXpOse ThE lIeS TrUMp TeLLs Us.
Nice Job
countless times of fake and biased news, liberals only attack when it comes to trump is the name calling “racist, homophobic, sexist, etc... Yet they don’t have the guts to even google search “CNN fake news report” Scientist claim that we have the most complex brains, and that we evolved, in fact the IQ in america has actually dropped due to liberals can’t answer basic questions, kind of like how they think abe lincoln was a democrat, he was a republican and the party’s never switched, there’s no proof of it whatsoever. liberals need to get some real news instead of this lousy “news” network
No real news but If you like reading pretend news articles you will enjoy this app.
Would give zero or negative stars if possible. Fake news. End of story
I like watching the live. But what do I have to log in everyday time? It’s ridiculous. And why do I see/hear more commercials for shows I’m never going to watch now because I am already burned out on hearing it. Every morning. It’s getting frustrating.
I just updated my CNN app to the new version.  I'm not happy!  I can't find the story that I want to read and there is no search option that I can find. Also, so many ads. Keep the ads to one side so I can find what I want without the page on my iPad jumping around every time I scroll up or down!  Very annoying. Please fix this app or I will have to get my news elsewhere?
Love the coverage of or political leaders and keeping them honest and your news team makes America great
App works well but does not support Picture-in-Picture.
From fri to mon am there are the same old stories! Please update the news on the wknds!!! I want to like this app but the wknd lapse really is disappointing. It's like news only happens mon thru fri on this app . Please update so I can be informed and follow what's going on in the world! Disgruntled New app is crap! 
Delivers up to date news from all around the world 24 hours a day!
CNN brings in both parties to the table and provides a platform for both the left and right wing parties to express their views. And one might call it a channel who is supporting Dems, but I think it's the only channel that is keeping up the American Standards Alive. This channel brings in real news than alternating facts and fake news. This is a channel that's built on moral values and would love to watch it everyday !!!   Don Lemon, Erin Burnett, Anderson Cooper, Chris Cuomo are rockstars of this Channel !!! #CNNRockstars 
an american institution... we watched CNN 24 hr coverage On desert storm from the Navy base  I was assigned after being recalled from the reserves...  With appreciation, don b 
CNN does a great job at covering the facts.
The articles are fine, but the new update makes me choose between US and international news? I liked when I could easily select that--not interested in changing the "edition" every time. Made my news reading more clunky so I'm deleting this app and trying another source. ✌🏻
While searching on my phone for the latest news on the investigation of possible collusion or innocence between Trump and Russia, I noticed in my other news app that came with my iPhone the initial search results would pop up, but within a few seconds without me touching anything the news titles suddenly changed to different news stories supporting Trump. This happened repeatedly. Now that I\'ve downloaded the CNN news app, at least the news stories don\'t mysteriously disappear without me touching any part of my phone. The CNN news stories stay on the screen of my iPhone without disappearing. Thank you for presenting the news!
Talking about Trump sniffles? Seriously? Talking about Trump moving embassy to Jerusalem! Obama spoke about doing it first! What a crap app!
I really enjoy picking up my phone staying abreast of the news. This is awesome!!
The old CNN app was better!  They keep dumbing things down.    I like reading articles.  I don’t like video. Even the website is difficult to view especially with pop up ads you can’t get rid of. I wouldn’t bother with this app. 
I used to like this app. Now We All Know CNN Hates Our President, but the new update and All Of the dumb videos you have to watch just to get to where you want to be is ridiculous. Even when your signed in.  I'm not even going into all the fake news. CNN has just moved to the bottom of my list.  If it doesn't get any better, I'll probably be removing this app forever.  C'mon CNN Give It A Break Already, All Your Doing Is Driving People Away. 
Always on time. Does not give fake news. America wants to hear from you always. Keep up the good work.  I love CNN. Up to date with real news
Thank you for your diligence in getting to truth to inform our citizenry and providing perspective on gathered facts and opinions to bolster burgeoning social activism.
My phone stayed frozen every CNN banner came across the top. I had to do hard reboot each time, which left me so irritated that the news that had come across was irrelevant to me.
I used to love CNN when they reported the news... now all i read is the left bias. I am sick of the division being shoved down out throats. Just news please
Keep up the great work, Fox News is FAKE
I love all of the host of the shows on CNN! I love the fact that the host on CNN are in the middle and won’t take either side. From Chris Como to Don Lemon, keep up the great work, I look forward to listening to you everyday!!👍🏻
CNN “calls an apple an apple.” Factual national, and international reporting. News you can trust with fair analysis and pundits debates.
Don’t get app or watch this all it is a trash its like watching msnbc but a lot more bias and I had to pore bleach in my eyes
Love CNN app...hate LendingTree ads
Really really tired of the horrible commercials constantly. Worst presentation of really good news men and women. The app designers must not use it themselves or work for competitors.
Great app
That is CNN - Real, keep it coming.
Scrolling articles locks and jumps all the time when near an ad within the article, which half the forces me to accidentally tap the ad because of how the page jumps when I put my finger down to scroll again.  Also, DIRECTV NOW support doesn’t work. Within iOS Settings (iOS 11.2) I have access enabled but it doesn’t register with the CNN app. When I try to login within the CNN app, DIRECTV NOW isn’t an option only DIRECTV is. So I can watch CNN at home and through the DIRECT