内容
if we can do video profile pictures we should be able to do video cover photos
I received a notification about managing my legacy on my Facebook. I clicked on it and I find I cannot access it. It is the yearly notification. Even if I go through the Facebook settings on my account it can’t be accessed. It states that I am not connected to the internet.  Please look into this. 
The app keeps crashing.  I scroll for not even a minute and it closes.
Hey
Good app
Sometimes I swipe out of a video and the whole screen goes dark. The only way to fix it is exit out of the app and go back in. Please fix.
Not as great as the desktop version, but still pretty good.
The American with disabilities act says that you have to offer any services that you offer to the general public to any users that might need an accommodation because of the disability. Because you did not and have not added VoiceOver support, visually impaired or blind users are not able to use this application and any of them could sue you for it...
I love how fast the app is (when it works.) The past two days I’ve attempted to open the app and there not even my picture to login to. Not sure if it is under construction. I also double checked to make sure it did not need to updated. Anyways, the app used to never mess up. Searches were easy. You always your friends posts, (not nonsense you prefer not to see.)
You have completely ruined the search feature. I use FB groups regularly. I used to be able to easily search my groups for topics, but not anymore. It’s a mess now. I can no longer search for items in my BST groups. It brings up this funky view of only items marked “for sale”. So items not using the sale feature, in search of posts or purge posts can no longer be searched for. HUGE pain. I need specific items and have no way of finding them anymore. Very disappointed.
I was hoping that you guys would be aware about this issue a long time ago, but apparently nothing to fix this issue yet, so I guess you didn’t.  Whenever there’s an update, the sticker sets will be all deleted and reset to Meep and Pusheen sets. This is very annoying since you offer lots of sets there and I use many of them, which means I have to download all of them again and again every time that an update comes out. Plus, without a convenient way to keep track of which sets were previously downloaded, it’s kinda pain in my behind to go though allllll of them again every time to find what I used or I have to type in the name of the sticker sets in the search box one by one to find them, again not very convenient. 
App keeps crashing. Every single time I open the app. It crashes within seconds. I’ve uninstalled and reinstalled. I’ve updated my iOS. Nothing is working. Please fix
App does not open. It’s just a gray screen with blue stripe on top and white on bottom. Can not log in.
Why does Facebook need to continually auto refresh? Do you think that maybe I'm too stupid to refresh it when I want it refreshed? Here is what happens when it does it, I log out, that means less ad revenue for you. At some point I think Facebook is going to have to start considering the people who use it, or else you are going to go the way of the dinosaur. 
The last four updates have mad things harder to navigate, share post,and videos. I also am getting annoyed with the story  feature on Facebook it’s not helping, it’s unnecessary, annoying, and Snapchat had it first. Facebook had its own unique quality which made me use it. Stick to what you had and don’t copy another app, or rather add it to your own.
I’m suddenly getting notifications about pages that I DON’T EVEN FOLLOW when they post to FB Watch. This might be the most annoying update ever! I haven’t yet found a way to turn these off and am considering deactivating my whole account if this stuff keeps up! Also, I really don’t care when my friends add to their story. I know how to watch them if I choose to, but I don’t need the notifications about it!
Newsfeed is out of order, and showing old posts, fix it now please
+85597 6869978
Should be all one app
Facebook consistently freezes my phone especially when trying to watch videos.
Ever since a recent update, if I look at Facebook notifications on the app, they don’t disappear from my iPhone notifications. I know this is possible because it used to do this and Twitter clears all the notifications before you even look at them just by opening the app. Please fix! I hate having Facebook notifications bundle up and finding out I already looked at them.
The update, as it pertains to the new look, is fine. I have no complaints on that end.  However, whenever I go to reshare, or even when I'm just browsing, the app completely crashes on me. I lose what it is that I wanted to reshare, as well what I was looking up. I'm looking forward to that being fixed in the next update. Thanks! :) 
The newest update is terrible. Why is it so difficult to get to pinned groups? What was the point of this update? Also, that tab now looks like it is for 5 year olds with the characters and symbols.
Lately, I’ve been noticing that I’m not seeing a lot of posts posted by close Friends on my newsfeed. Vice Versa, many of them don’t see the posts I make. I believe this is due to the recent changes made to the Newsfeed, where only “assumed” highlights can be seen. Please change this, as it makes it difficult to see the things I want to see.
No videos will load past 4 seconds, every device in our home updated to this version and doing the same thing. It’s so annoying that I can’t enjoy any content on here. Please fix this.
Ok so I can’t find now my liked pages? FIX
Don’t worry everyone; racist and sexist groups/accounts won’t get taken down but if you EVER comment “men are trash” you WILL get blocked from posting, messaging, or even reacting to posts for 24 hours.   Thankfully our precious racists and hateful people won’t be affected by this though! Only women making a vague hyperbole on a post about a dude being sexist (which didn’t get taken down, but my comment did.)  Oh, you wish to appeal your postblock? That’s too bad, because there’s absolutely no way to contact anyone at facebook and it’s impossible to reverse your postblock! Isn’t that fun?  Facebook has terrible service and has an awful system when it comes to appealing post blocks. I really don’t recommend facebook at this point. 
I can clearly see that there are comments under a picture/video, but when I click on it it says there are “no comments”. Even viral videos that have thousands of comments say “no comments”. It’s really frustrating.
As of about two weeks ago, Friend lists shows up on browser version but not mobile app. Was previously able to see friend lists under feeds section of mobile app, now it is completely gone. Hope FB fixes soon, otherwise this app is useless.
Why do I have to see posts which were posted a week ago and I’ve already seen or liked? And why do the app keeps refreshing unnecessarily?
Hey I can’t go live in an event anymore on my iPad — it puts me live on my personal page instead! I’ve been able to before and still works on my phone. Please fix!!
Between all the people that create fake accounts and how easy FB has made it so easy for them to use anyone’s name and info. Is disgusting and invasion of privacy!!! You think FB would notice if Maggie sue is on FB 1,000+times but just has no profile picture no activity and uses someone else’s DOB and other info that is fake!!! I guess that can’t be reported or FB can’t figure out they are abusing the system!!! With all the rules and regulations how about some on making accounts/fake/identity theft!! Can not report these people if they make private yet they have 0 friends 0 post 0 pictures or profile!!!! 
I love the Facebook app and just about now I was thinking that the feature on putting a gif/video on the profile picture, the do the same thing for the cover photo! It would be a very nice touch!
My app won’t open it’s no where to be found in my phone i have. To go to the App Store To Get To Facebook
i only have most recent to choose from. i have all my friends on lists, high school, college and professionals. now those lists are gone on iOS
Facebook app does NOT WORK AT ALL. Unless I am on WiFi. Even with LTE bars it does not load.
App keeps saying I have more notifications than I actually have!
The app has gotten worse over the past few months. Today, I’m deleting it’s bloated code from my iPad. Birthday links are dead, certain Group pages comes up blank. It’s lost so much functionality that the Browser still works better.
😡😡😡😡😡👌👌👌👎👎👎👎
I’m not sure what’s happening every time an update comes out but it seems like things that are actually user friendly are getting taken away and more ridiculous things keep getting added. I have to scroll through past posts from last week to find anything for the day unless I have them marked that I want to see them first. I have to constantly change my settings to make sure things I want shown are still there and yet they still seem to go missing or are my moves. Can we make some things options rather than must haves? And give me back my news feed options!
MARKET PLACE WILL NOT SHOW UP FOR MY FACEBOOK AND SEVERAL OTHERS!
Crashes constantly, full of fake spam accounts, censors conservative opinions, videos almost never play.
I HOPE THE DEVELOPERS ARE LISTENING TO THIS! I CANT LOG INTO MY FACEBOOK! AND ITS SAYING IM ENTERING MY PASSWORD INCORRECTLY! BUT ITS SPELLED CORRECTLY! IF FACEBOOK DOESNT FIX THIS, IM GOING TO INSTAGRAM FOR MY PRIMARY SOCIAL MEDIA! ALONG WITH SNAPCHAT AS MY SECONDARY SOCIAL MEDIA!
Error!!!
My app is constantly saying I have a friend request and I don’t the notification is driving me crazy
I tried to contact facebook but they don't have a support team which is ridiculous. I sent requests in using their form and no response after 2 months
Everyone sees you online when you open your account eventhough you dont want to be seen online. Theres no way you can go offline. I like the old facebook better.
There are too many ads on videos. I understand that ads are part of the marketing experience, but why not show the ad before the video starts instead of the middle of the current video you’re watching? This way people won’t get disappointed and close the video.
Why is it logging me off while on the app constantly?
Events on Facebook are primarily why I use the app. I would like to see Facebook integrate event dates directly into my mobile calendar.
Not happy with the video ads now. Always get the most random stuff on my news feed and miss things from key friends. Likely going to stop using Facebook all together.
عربي
Black Edition
Facebook contains my darkest of mistakes plz burn it to the ground to conceal me thanx
Exciting,I'm Ready To Meet up & Have Some Wonderful Time With Some One Soon‼️👣..
Well updated it and of course it's not working right. What's the point in having the updates if they give you problems once it's done updating. Tried numerous times to get my notifications and can't. Frustrating to say the least, it's supposed to help not screw everything up!
After the recent update, there’s a profile icon in the bottom navigation bar but profile timeline does not show the recently posted update.  After sharing a new post I have to completely close the app or refresh several times to see it in my profile timeline. Frustrating. 
Not feeling this update with knowing when people make post. It’s annoying.
Blows Nuts    Where’s my goddamn videos
Why does every update seem to make it harder and harder to view newsfeed as most recent!!!! Facebook is getting crappier by the day with all the garbage people post. The app makers dictating what they want you to se on your newsfeed in what chronological order is junk. Make a way to default to how you want your newsfeed to be listed and leave it alone!!!! They have every other stupid option available for the most minuscule crap you could possibly think of. But they don’t have a way to set it and forget it on the newsfeed which is what 98% of us are here for!!!
This app now interrupts your video to play an ad and also subscribed you to notifications for random Facebook watch pages
This new update is awful, lost my lists that i had made to keep my friends separated, i don't care to have all the extra lists of stuff i don't use, groups i don't follow, etc...give me back edit-ability for my own lists! Ugh!
This app gets worse with each update.  First they took away interest lists, which were great for organizing your newsfeed and being able to keep up with certain pages.  With the last update I can no longer see my friend lists (which I started using after the interest lists went away).  I don’t want to see posts from every page and every friend all the time!  Why is Facebook so against us managing the content of our newsfeeds???
It’s the new Myspace with endless unwanted updates brought to you by a bunch of self righteous programmers. A site originally designed by college kids to figure out who to bang and how to bang new people, now claims to have “community standards”. Which turns out to be deleting post and comments from conservative leaning users, deleting post and banning users who are males posting women topless but not women users posting women topless. But at the very peak of outrage- ALLOWING live streams and videos of ACTUAL MURDERS  to remain on the site for months... while deleting video with music in the background that “may violet copy right laws.” Actually, Myspace may have done it better.
Got locked out of main account. Made another one, got locked out two days later. Still waiting to hear from them.
One never knows what one is going to get from FB. New updates frequently introduce new bugs (e.g., can no longer access Timeline Review from the iPad app), drop or modify long-established features (e.g., spinning Messenger into a separate app), and modify the ways in which features work (e.g., handling of ads, trends, etc.). FB algorithms for what postings by Friends to display on my feed are a total mystery. And FB has a long way to go to establish any level of trust after their abominable handling of Russian trolls, bots and fake accounts.
Thanks for app 👍🏻
This needs to go!  Really?! Just one more thing people can spy on you for. 🙄
I was banned for using a laughing emoji directed at some communist liberal sh**h**d. No rude comment or threat. Just a laughing emoji. F**k you Fakebook...liberal cesspool of filth. Someone needs a new social media site dedicated to and only for traditional America loving conservatives. Pronto.
Stop making videos start with sound. I am constantly making the option for videos to not start with sound and a couple days later it turns itself back on. Fix that.
Change it back its glitching badly ON MY END. Stop trying to make things much more different Facebook. This new update is KILLING MY FACEBOOK EXPERIENCE I'm very upset. Change the app back to where it was. It keeps glitching every time I see I post or want to like a post it won't let me see it or it glitches. Like come now you guys are doing too much. Also the chat feature side bar thing for people  that are my favorite aren't EVEN people I talk to frequently. I wish we could manually choose who want on the list of favorites rather than suggested random people that aren't friend. Also no customer support, who do we go to when we need help on a legitimate besides advice from some generic form about how to upload a photo. Include a phone number anything. It's a big enough platform that it should include a hotline.
Every friggin time FB updates I have to reinstall stickers except the basic smiley and Pusheen. It is exceedingly annoying. So I end up just GIFfing everything cuz I don't wanna waste anymore time hunting them all down. OVER and OVER
Con la nueva actualización no me sale para traducir las cosas.
I deleted my Facebook, and now I can’t get it to download onto my iPhone 7plus.
I Just remembered why I never used to let this app auto update, because if it’s this new update that has made it so 3/4 of the people I know, including myself, no longer have The ability to log into our accounts, seems that the devs really bit it on this one. Good luck with this
Zero help and support. Was banned from the marketplace for no reason, and no one will help me fix it.
Once Facebook was free from annoying advertisement.. but now it became very annoying. Advertisement is everywhere and now its on messenger. Hate this so much
It no longer shows the events I’m going to/interested in/invited to while using the app (works fine using my desktop). I’ve tried everything I can think of to fix it but nothing has worked, including messaging their support team.
What’s with FaceCROOK “allowing” Scammers/Hackers to easily ‘Bogart’ another’s profile without anything being done about it? This happened to me last week, and I’m unable to Sign BACK In! Let alone create another Profile so I can warn Family/Friends about it. (And trying to re-verify ME is just as tedious and time consuming lay frustrating.) Get your Act Together, Zucker-droids!
This is a great app!
Please fix the marketplace bug that is causing every letter to capitalize!!! 😩
Takes up tons of space. There must be a way to clear all the cached data. Besides that everything is just fine
I had recently took private photos to send to my wife and Facebook having access to gallery leak them on purpose I am so upset at u can’t even believe
With this last update, friend requests are now showing in notifications. If you get a log of friend requests, your actual notifications get buried. This is really not user-friendly. Please move friend requests out of notifications and back to a separate screen.
hardly Facebook  it was awesome but no more
App keeps closing
Since i installed the latest update yesterday, articles within the app don’t load. I have to open in a browser.
Please remove edit history! Hate it!!
Please fix the bug that makes my app close every time I go to open the marketplace feature
What is this, Soviet Russia? If one person doesn’t like what someone says or can’t take a joke, you censor them by post blocking people or banning accounts? The hell happened to FREEDOM OF SPEECH? Oh yeah I forgot, snowflakes are ONLY about freedom of speech until you disagree with them or joke. People are weak anymore.
So this issue has occurred before a few months back. It’s extremely annoying. The App shows you have 20 plus notifications but when you open it you only have like 2 or 3 ... FIX IT please
Time stamp is a bad idea. Get rid of it
First, the number of comments or even their existence is not displayed. You need to tap on the post to find out.  Second, the search feature continues to use the last group chosen to initially search within, regardless of whatever ensuing group you want to search through.  Lastly, and this one is new, and a doozy: Choosing a trending topic to peruse RESULTS IN A COMPLETE RANDOM SELECTION OF A COMPLETELY UNRELATED SEARCH STRING. One has to tap the search bar, and re-enter the string, to see the correct results.  You can’t make this up.... 
Don’t work it said can’t load profile
I don’t know what’s going on in the IT dept but someone send them some help.  My news feed shows me a max of 3-5 posts before it dead ends at a grey dot and now it’s a completely blank newsfeed. Numerous reports have been submitted and nothing has been done to resolve this.
It happened gradually but now the Facebook app is a real pain to work with. It is slow to start and respond to input. If I accidentally touch the camera icon (happens a lot) it takes ages for the camera screen to appear and ages to go away after I touch “back”. Super annoying. If I switch to another program, like Safari,  and return immediately to the Facebook app then in most cases the app restarts and I lose the context I was in before switching away. Probably because iOS decided it is too big and killed it. Super annoying as well. The app needs to go on severe diet and performance tuning.
I’m a business owner and now I’m screwed! My business group no longer shows any postings via mobile and no can see anything
You can no longer scroll beyond a few Facebook posts    I now am limited to seeing the same few topics that are being commented on and the majority of what was posted is no longer visible.   This breaks how I have used Facebook from the start.
Ever since the update, my app freezes and doesn’t allow me to upload my pics or videos. Been trying to upload the same pics and vids for 3 days and some how when it did, it downloaded each time and wouldn’t let me delete. Kept giving me a message to keep my app open in order to download, battery was dying fast.
Can’t log in with profile picture  Please fix... wish Steve was here still!’ Facebook book getting worst every day 
I've got issued from fews version before. It'll crash after few mins, I tried to update latest version but no changed Too bad IOS version 9.0 
Facebook is stealing all of its vids from YouTube.  YouTube is better and this app is illegal. I really like, but I can’t watch without thinking about their crimes.      Please get your own vids! 
Too political and only shows you a minimum of friends post. A waste of time for me. My kids do not have fb either.
These last update doesn’t even let me open the app sometimes, it opens on where I last was, followed immediately by a black screen and it closes.
Social media has been consuming too much of time. I also feel like I see an ad within every other post which is really annoying. I actually go out of my way to make sure I never buy anything from the ads I see since they are shoved down my throat. The more I use this app the more I would get depressed. I’m happy to say that I will be finally deleting FB and connecting with my friends and family IRL. ✌🏼out 🌎
Every time I try to go from the Facebook app to the Instagram app by clicking on the Instagram link in a Facebook post, Instagram opens and crashes. At the same time this started happening, ads started popping up in the Instagram app telling me about what I was “missing” on Facebook. Coincidence or not?
I am so sick of having to deleted people to except new ones. I know it’s crazy to think people know more than 5,000 people, but I know I’m not the only one! How long have we had Facebook? Y’all don’t think we can acquire that many connections over 10+ years? PLEASE Fix this BIG issue.
Recently, the notification badge icon started displaying an inaccurate number. It’s always one more than there actually are. When it shows 3, there are 2. When it shows 2, there’s only one. I restarted the app, restarted my phone and uninstalled the app completely and reinstalled to no avail.
Can’t comment on posts with updated iPad version. Keyboard covers up space for comment. The comment area used to jump above the keyboard, but now stays below. So if you enjoy typing blind, this version is for you!😖
Constantly stops loading and I can’t scroll anymore. About ready to delete it for good!!!
For whatever reason, my marketplace access is blocked.  WHY!?  I haven’t violated any rules and the fact there are no ways to contact someone from Facebook to help fix this annoying problem enrages me!  This app is worthless when you can’t get help.
Started closing on its owe a few days ago. Needs a fix
Rolling ads during videos is terrible.. I won’t watch the ad and immediately scroll on, no matter how interesting the video is
Trying to access the marketplace crashes the app.
Thanks
Video streaming is very slow on good wifi connection. App crashes very frequently and restarting is the only option. User interface getting harder with every update, should be more plain and simple.
It takes forever to load even a 3 second video, in the past it wasn’t like this. Can you make the videos load a bit faster? Then the app would be fine.
I see all this talk about regular updates to improve speeds, bugs and bugs.. when will the update be here to fix the feed? When will there be no more worrying about getting on just to scroll through posts n such from yesterday, 2hours ago, Sunday???
All pages are broken on the app. Showing no posts.
Updated yesterday now it flips thru pages, market, camera on its own and finally stops opening everything in Facebook after camera opens for a picture. Frustrating because I never touched anything, just opened app
👌🏽 excelente
WHERE IS THE SEARCH OPTION TO SEARCH WITH IN A GROUP ???
Why did you go backwards?!!! This last update took out being able to watch video channels, and most of all it took out my way of commenting with gif’s!!! Please put it back the way it was earlier today!!!!
ليش شكل الفيس بوك عندي ميتغير باقي على نفس التصميم
In the Marketplace the notification black and white that you slide to the left will not disappear you slide it once and it comes back halfway fix it
Marketplace is showing a notification at the bottom of my IOS screen. When I clicked the icon to see if another item was pending sale, it brings up a page stating that marketplace is blocked. I have no idea why or how this happened. Please fix ASAP as I have multiple items posted! I just updated IOS to 11.2.6 and I can’t see any of my items I have listed for sale  or correspond with potential sellers.
stupid !!!
Been on for about a year. Started 2 guitar groups and one day about a week ago you decided that I didn’t need an acct anymore and deactivated my acct literally as I’m typing a post. I know what you’re going to tell me... you are going to tell me it’s because I didn’t use my given first name. Well if it was such a problem then you shouldn’t have gave it the ok after you blocked me when I opened it the first tome and I sent a pic of my ID and then you ok’d it.  My fb name met the fb policy requirements when I opened my acct!!!  Instead you waited until I spent time building my guitar repair business and had hundreds of contacts and spent hours on end building my groups. Now the groups are open with no admin or moderators to deal with anything. I opened another acct IN MY GIVEN NAME!!! and you disabled that in 15 minutes. I opened another acct using a different email address with my given name and you closed it down in about 30 minutes.  I sent an appeal about my original acct and haven’t heard a thing. It’s impossible to contact anyone to actually help you get something done. I don’t post anything that is offensive, I rarely talk about anything other than guitar related topics and still I’m banned for no reasonable explanation. Your community help forum is a joke.  Thanks a lot fb!!! FOR NOTHING!!!
The new update makes most chats suddenly turn into text with Caps lock... Anything u type is written in Capital letters.. FB will be out of market soon 
Since I can’t login in and u guys are going to erase everything that is important to me on there for me doing nothing wrong Im done with u I will lose the pictures of my aunts wedding and the last picture I ever had before my Grampa died all of my important stuff If I did something wrong please tell me so I can change it
Excellent
Facebook is arbitrarily taking the market place away from users and then says you should report it as a problem and give them screenshots but that does absolutely nothing that was the primary reason that I used Facebook.  It’s terrible that they just have robots answering repetitive inquiries and I can’t even update my notifications so I keep getting notifications that new items are available based on the search is that I set up but I can’t close to stop getting alerts but yet can’t access what those results are!  Absurd!
FB preys on our worst characteristics. I deleted it off my iThingies a while ago. Putting it back only to undo “login with FB” off some other apps. FB was great until it went public, now they want to monetize you, trick you, tease you, enrage you, engage you, then stalk you and track you. No FB. No.
Good❤️❤️❤️
Facebook made me download the latest update and now I can’t save pictures from my families pages! Please fix this. It’s really annoying to take a screenshot! I was able to save my family members photos before the update and now I can’t. #reallyirritating
Please create a separate app for marketplace I don’t want Facebook I just want marketplace
I hate that the new update lists when you were on messenger last. Maybe we don’t want everyone to know. At what point will we be able to have some control on privacy matters. I have all my settings properly set to minimize what is shared as much as possible, but this is ridiculous. FB PLEASE FIX!!!!!
Only social media I use.
I already see ads as I scroll. Take them OUT of the videos. Now.
Facebook deactivated my account and has yet to reactivate it, there’s no way for me to contact them, I started a business page on there and lost all of my progress over nothing!!!!🤬🤬🤬
Facebook turn black screen on Add Bio screen for Text
This release has caused my phone to crash repeatedly on videos in the news feed, and the problem isn’t corrected after deleting and re-installing the app.
Seriously, you won’t miss it and you’ll realize all you were missing while you had FB.
Last update rendered my face book page useless and not responding
Facebook is a trap. Watch any Ted-talk that talks about it. I’d love to stay in touch with family and friends, but my newsfeed is stuffed with advertisements and people I knew 15 years ago trying to sell me stuff.
It crash all the time. It get slow. Very bad app.
When I click on any random video to see, i watch it then automatically another video plays the video that starts playing in usually a good video, Im here to say that I dont like it that if i slightly swipe on the screen goes back to the first video i clicked on and the videos refresh and never finish watching the other video...
Zuckerberg Evil Inc. purposely and deliberately and intentionally make it next to impossible for you to stop videos from playing once you click on 1 video to watch.  You have to be a genius to exit the continuous video play mode to get back to the main application.
Now we can’t complain about religion or you will be blocked for three days. There is no freedom of speech on FB, only carefully orchestrated content that they want you to see. Religion can bash LGBT, but let me bash back and I’m the one getting blocked for a photo of famine asking where is god. 
Talks about updating features but still waiting for many months .... still no marketplace available for iPad device ☹️
Can't say much. But this app it's a battery killer
Why is Facebook deleting out friends? 🤔
I hate it that when I navigate away from the app even for just a few seconds it resets my feed and takes me away from the article I was reading. NEVER reset my feed!  Let me click on the top to get new posts.
I need help ! I dont want nobody share my post !!!!!
Can’t comment on live
I work for a fortune 100 company and I know the industry standards for UX. This company either has a trash UX team or they have a trash QA team. Touching the Share now button gives zero indication that it fires sometimes. Making you tap it multiple times. How does FB remedy this? By blocking you from using the feature. Trash company, not a tech company.
I hate them.
Adjust the font size as user needs Themes and skins Better fluidity when Scrolling 
Bullies bullies bullies bullies depression more depression suicide suicide suicide weird parent vs authorities compilation, hackers bankruptcy roast beef Donald trump chismiss theories illuminati then there’s Facebook and also tweeter :)
I can’t the whole reply comment on a thread, when tapped “read more...” or can’t see the list of persons who reacted to a post. There are other other several bugs exists also. Hope you’ll air an efficient update with bugs fixed, soon.
App won’t allow me to post items in my sales groups
The update is bad
Buggy with videos; can’t turn the sound on no matter what you press.
After the new update 11.2.6. I have problem with Facebook App, the app opened but the app freezing form time to time while using it I feel like i have problems with touchscreen example some times opening video while touching it to scroll the page  Regards 
Jesus, why is Marketplace so huhge and zoomed in ? typing on search is so big you cant what you typing 🤢
I deleted my Facebook because I found out that; if Facebook doesn’t like what you post they can block it. Second Facebook makes money off you and you don’t get a even a tiny share of it. Third, I don’t like the fact that Facebook takes my all personal information and shares it with 3rd parties companies. Private and Gov.  No thank you. Marc suckerberg also owns Instagram. He has also ruined that app when he bout it when he started to limit peoples posts. And as of this coming March Instagram is going throttle your posts.
I am not exactly sure when it happened but  when I click on the feeds button the only feed it shows is the most recent feed. Where did my other friends feeds go? So disappointed that I’ve uninstalled the app and have been using the online version instead.
I’m really starting to hate Facebook 😡 Every time  they have a new update, not only does the app not work, but it eats up more and more memory and data. Why can’t they just leave it alone. Then they like to take it upon themselves to stop showing pages I follow on my news feed and I have to search for it and re-follow it. They also want to tell you how many post or comments you’re allowed to like. If i want to like every single post on my news feed why should Facebook be able to stop me. What is the difference? Maybe they should stop telling us what we can like and start listening to what people want.
The new update makes it impossible to type comments because you can not see what you are typing on the iPad if using the onscreen keyboard.
Keep telling me to add friends to see news post I have friends the app is buggy please fix this
Face book is a biased lame place where you can’t state your opinion.its become a sensitive safe space..where the employees decide whether your post is offensive.it really is becoming worthless the more stricter they get
Very user unfriendly, doesn't tell you what's being updated in the update log, and it updates automatically even though i have automatic updates disabled. This is awful.
😍
When trying to stop a video or close it out the video just goes black. And Facebook app has to be shut down. Please fix
The app won’t load and my phone is certainly able to run the app! Annoying.
Tûreka serkeftîye ....
Leave me alone
I’ve had Facebook for about a decade now. I’m very disappointed with their customer service is HORRIBLE! They never respond to you and if they do NOTHING HELPS! They close down accounts never trying to help people reopen them because of false reporting. I’ve been put into Facebook jail for NO REASON when my posts actually met their standards. There’s not enough options for privacy and protection of your account. I’ve been stalked and hacked by a person I know and have a police report on and Facebook did nothing to help me. This really is a horrible app. I only use it since I have several years of memories and all my friends on the other side of the country are on there and I like seeing my friends and family grow and all but holy crap is Facebook overrated. This is a 1 Star app don’t be fooled. 
There is virtually NO SUPPORT for this app provided by Facebook. You can't provide meaningful feedback that you can be sure will be seen by developers. Instead, you are relegated to using the "community of users". When it comes to providing feedback, that is counterproductive! Icons appear/disappear seemingly randomly.   This app is contributing to the unraveling of the social fabric of the entire planet. So much drama, spamming, and trolling is spreading vitriol and hate faster than a wildfire. This is the worst app ever propagated on the human race. In my opinion it should be banned.  Not stating what specific updates are included in a release is sloppy release management. "We do releases every two weeks to bring you, our glorious users, the latest in updates" is a lazy, incompetent cop out. You have release notes, surely. Summarize the key changes. I have yet to see a change highlighted within the app, as stated.  Floating emojis during live broadcasts must appeal only to 12 year old girls. Instead of making us take action to suppress them EVERY FREAKIN TIME we watch a live video, give us the option to configure so we NEVER SEE THEM AGAIN (unless we turn into a 12 year old girl - then we can turn them back on...).  How to turn of "Topics to follow", "Suggested posts" (actually ads)?  Stop showing basically the same ad, such as theme T-shirts, that we state "Hide all ads from 'xyz'", but they just post under another account and keep posting more T-shirt ads with a different theme. I DON'T WANT TO SEE ANY MORE FREAKIN T-SHIRT ADS!  Reporting hate filled comments is pointless, as is reporting fake accounts. Facebook admins can’t figure out that account names “Janey Doe” and “God” aren’t using their real names?  Give us the ability to Opt out of: * Broadcasting every “Like” to everyone, and let us limit it to the poster * Broadcasting every time we update our profile photo. Just let us change it w/o broadcasting it to anyone * allow us to follow, but not see everything someone else “likes”, unless we actually are following the thread * give us back the ability to turn of notifications for a thread we were once following. How can you be sending us notifications of new posts to a thread, and then the only option you offer relating to Notifications” is “turn ON notifications for this post”??? * Allow is to turn OFF virtually every notification you do!   Eternalrest1620, GIM8789, Richie archer, keitcher barkin, planeKrazy, Zoe 401 and CyndiB52, wholeheartedly agree!  lora dove - you can’t possibly be serious!   How can this app average 3 stars (pathetic) while having mostly 1 star because you can’t give 0 stars? 
My son is in the military asked me to break my social media ban and join Facebook so we can message while he’s out of the country. While creating my account, Facebook disabled it for security reasons. It was this way for 3 weeks and I didn’t know it was active until someone “found” me and contacted me. I’m up for less than 24 hrs and now it’s disabled again! No explanation, no one to call, no help available! This is totally ridiculous! Is this what I can expect! My son will be gone for 6 months. Guess we better find another means of communication!
I recently got banned from the Facebook marketplace for not reason at all, and have been trying to contact Facebook for weeks if not months about this issue, haven’t heard anything back! Extremely disappointed!
الفيديو معت شتغل عندي تلقائيا
I hate that Facebook videos always stick at 2-5 seconds into the clip and never finish. Doesn’t matter if I am on WiFi or cellular. Yet, YouTube videos always load.
Deleted because Facebook kept giving me “notifications” for friends posting new statuses or posting new photos when it had nothing to do with me. This was happening daily and seemed to be a scheme by Facebook just to increase their “clickable” stats of people using their app. For the record I had ALL notifications turned off within my Facebook settings unless it was a friend tagging me. This was just random “so and so” posted a new status! It was ridiculous and became annoying.
Keeps freezing
I like the app it’s just that marketplace doesn’t show up on my iPhone 6s with the new update like everyone elses
Contacts and Calendar Synchronization with the phone are no longer available. Please bring it back.
How do users with talking software change background color? Help  New update gave buttons back, but still not ada compliant?? How about descriptions like adding color !?! 
Not bad.
Suddenly Friday and all day today so far FB won’t stop crashing EVERY SINGLE TIME I OPEN IT!!!!! I can’t even submit an issue through the app because I can’t get it to stay open long enough!! PLEASE FIX ASAP!!!!!  I do enjoy this app when it actually works!!!!
After the update Facebook events and iPhone calendar stopped syncing. I’ve searched everywhere and cannot figure out how to fix it.
I’m So Not Engaged for the record!!!!!
I don’t care about all the inspirational quotes or video compilations yadda yadda.  I care what my friends are doing. If all they’re doing is sharing random stuff they’re interested in can I please hide it all so I don’t miss when they actually say something? 
Sometimes the app just shuts off by itself. It's like it crashes.  When you sort the feed by most recent it shows posts out of order at times. 
Now it’s ads, eco cambers, and bots.
I uploaded a video an it’s going crazy telling me it’s been uploaded, I only need to be told once not a 100 times...
Fb is the most manipulative deceptive tool invented to squeeze sheeple like cash cows. It constantly pushes your privacy to the legal limits to pull as much information about you as possible to use it for marketing, machine learning, and deep data analytics. They have made billions off the sheeple who give up their metadata without charging a penny.
This is most ridiculous app ever waste of time
You were fine before, don't fix what ain't broke
How can an app be 293 MB and have an incremental “update” that is over 150 MB? And it really doesn’t change much that is visible. You have become bloatware, and are about to go on hiatus on my phone. Ridiculous.
Worst ran customer service I’ve ever encountered. I’ve been emailing them politely for almost a month regarding a marketplace suspension with no response. The best part is my post doesn’t even violate Facebook standards when you read them. Some algorithm must’ve picked up words in the post thinking I was trying to sell tobacco products when I was not. So somehow it just suspend me with no reason, no email, nothing. The best part is when my 15 year old son heard I was upset at Facebook he said Facebook is for old people anyway.
The app keeps crashing. Annoying. Please fix.
I would give 0 star if I can. The facebook app keeps getting refresh and crashing just a few seconds after I open it, it keeps getting worse and worse after every update. It takes forever to load just a couple pictures on the new feeds. Fix it and I will give you a positive review.
The new update is trash! It keeps crashing! I’ve never had a problem before and now I can’t even open the app!
i want to use my id only from my device  remove all developers and remove all features 
Can you undo that white flash that happens when scrolling through posted photos? It’s irritating and useless.
Where to start. First: BRING BACK GROUPS APP. PERIOD. I want it. I need it. I’ll use your platform more if I could drop in and check my book club and podcast community in 2 minutes without any other distractions.  Second: You think your algorithm is so smart. Well, it feels really dumb. I want to mute certain people, pages, and ads (which I know affect$ you), and I want to see certain people and pages, and the occasional ad. I want today’s ads, and certain people’s posts no matter when the last time was that I interacted with then on your platform. That is the part you haven’t figured out yet. Bring back Friend Lists. Make them more prominent. Then pay attention to that.  Third: I DO NOT WANT ANYONE TO KNOW THE LAST TIME I WAS ONLINE. Until you remove that feature or allow users to opt-out I’m not using messenger. Let us control EVERY ASPECT of our privacy. I have some very good reasons for not wanting certain Fb contacts to know this. It’s so 2009 of you, Fb; grow up. 
FB- allow the user to set post feeds and keep it when the next time it’s open. I line being able to choose “latest” and have it stay that way.   Other suggestion, combine taking a selfie with the filters button as an option.  Thanks 
All that size and for what nobody uses Facebook anymore
I downloaded Facebook onto my new iPhone and the marketplace is just gone! Anyway to get it back???
While scrolling down the friends list, automatically coming up to middle after going down.
Lancaster80
I’ve been locked out of my Facebook and going on two days now. Facebook isnt sending me my security code therefore I cannot get in!! I’ve tried to even make a new Facebook and that didn’t work either.
What happened to the option to view our own page as others see it?
La actualización de hoy es una lástima. No puedo buscar publicaciones completamente.
Need to bring back friend list number on mobile app, sorry but some things just help the user navigate and perform basic functions of service.
There’s a reason Facebook doesn’t mention what’s updated with each release.  It’s the same reason users notice no difference between updates: Most “enhancements” are engineered to collect more detailed user information to bolster your personal profile to advertisers. YOU are the product.  As a result, basic improvements go ignored.  You can’t tag a page in a post, you can’t comment as a page. … both of which are possible on the website and very important to page admins.  Pure and simple, this app is a platform to collect user data and deliver advertising. 
If i could i would give facebook a zero right now. I used to have the option to hide people you may know on my phone and computer but now it doesn't let me and all! Having to see this on my page 5 times when i scroll is very annoying and forcing it there is just a no for me and makes me want to get rid of facebook if i cant choose what to hide!
Awesome
Facebook was fun during the first few years. Great way to connect with friends and then family. Then came the marketplace, where they turned it into a market ride with scams. Then came the ads, that used cookies to basically stalk you. Then the fake news which so far, they’ve done nothing about. It’s unusable now, and I deleted it to maintain my peace of mind. Nobody likes being bombarded with stories from fake twitter account bots, yet Facebook had pages with over 30k “likes” sharing and spreading this stuff like wildfire...
What’s up with all these updates, this is the 3rd time apple store has been asking me to update Facebook! It’s really driving me crazy, especially since you can’t update without having internet! Please help me understand why I have to update 3x a times a week!!
What happened with the Apple version???  I can’t see my time, WiFi/tower, or battery anymore!  Ugh!!!
I wish one update would put sub titles on videos so people can understand what’s going on when they don’t have earbuds/headphones etc. This should be put into consideration. It would be very beneficial.
Update 2/23/2018  I have given my account a couple of weeks hoping the issue would be corrected. But Facebook has failed to contact me numerous times. They used to message within a day to help me out. But now with this new problem, I haven't heard a peep. Awful customer service.  ***Out of the blue, I received 3 low star reviews and 10 of my 5 star reviews suddenly disappeared. After finally getting a chance to look into it, I noticed that my previous low star reviews each doubled without a notification from Facebook, nor does it show a review!! But later that same day, I received a 5 star along with a notification. It doesn't help that I read other business owners were dealing with the same issue I was having. Reviews are usually the first thing customers go to before considering trying a new store or restaurant!! It may not be a big deal to some, but I take pride in receiving reviews for what I'm doing. And that the customers are truly happy with the product. GET RID OF FAKE ACCOUNTS/FAKE REVIEWS!! FACEBOOK, FIX IT!!!  ***old post I prefer the old one. With recent update, my comments intended for a diff pic or a post goes towards a past pic. I deleted and reinstalled but it doesn't fix it. This is very annoying! 
And yet I still can't upload photo comments.
I feel like the app keeps getting worse and worse. When I'm scrolling through searches, it'll crash. And when I try pressing on something to view, it doesn't work most of the time.
Every time I try to update my groups it kicks me off.
I have uploaded my ID for three days but I dont get any reply from Facebook
Whenever I try to load a video it plays the video but there’s no sound and I know it’s not my phone because I’ve googled this issue to make sure it wasn’t me just being oblivious. I find it really confusing because when I tap on the video I can hear the sound effect (sounds like an old school movie player thing) but the video itself has no sound. I’d also like to note that this is with every video.
no matters how fast your phone is. it seems like can not handle facebook app. so poor fb developers haha . what a shame.
This last update makes the app crash in the middle of me browsing...
With each “fix” FB gets slower & slower, often locking up on my iPad. I try not to even check FB on the pad anymore but use my laptop instead. Annoying!
I find it strange that 80-90% of all Facebook users use the platform on mobile, yet the mobile app has always been quite lackluster. Heck, compared to the desktop website, I would even say it’s bad. Why exactly is the desktop version so much more polished? Why does the mobile version lack features that the desktop version doesn’t? Why is the mobile version so much harder to navigate than the desktop version? Why do I need two separate apps, which combine to be over 1.5 gigabytes in size, to access both Facebook and my Facebook messages via mobile when both are available on one website on the desktop version?   The app itself isn’t terrible because for the most part, it gets its job done. If you can ignore how terrible of a service Messenger is, you’ll have few issues getting by with this app 90% of the time. That said, it is still very flawed this gets a rating that’s for the most part mundane and not much above average. 
لماذا لا يتم اضافة اللغه العربية للبرنامج
I guess Facebook just updated.... now it won’t even open without crashing ??
Unwanted Coworkers,boss,lawn service guy,plumber....any number in my contacts list( access is blocked by the way). Facebook suggest me to this list and suggest them to me . Facebook is privacy rapist 
The app is terrible. Videos never play through without lag, regardless of connection. Impossible to sort anything by “most recent”. Continually overwhelmed with ads which are almost never relevant. Targeted marketing seems to only promote confirmation bias. Good luck trying to find that post you liked an hour ago unless it has lots of “likes” and comments. Oh yea. And selective censorship at its worst.
I can’t even open the app at all. The new update is horrible
Since the last update it’s been crashing every time when i try to check my notifications. Fix it up ASAP
Why should Facebook determine who we see in our newsfeed! Your updates are never a good thing! I wish I NEVER would have updated and kept it as is when first got FB!
My FB app is freezing when I try to access my own photo folders!!!
With the recent update for some reason it keeps crashing. The app that is. It keeps kicking off, closing for no apparent reason.  Plz fix ! 🤬 
Can’t even browse a list of episode names. You have to click on a video randomly and hope it’s the one you’re looking for. TB12 should move his documentary to YouTube while Facebook does what it does best- take money from Russians for political propaganda ads.
For about 10 hours my account suddenly is inaccessible, it keeps saying “login failed” and popping up failed operation as well as Error codes 1 & 2, I’ve tried every which way to get back into my account and it won’t let me, it even says it doesn’t exist anymore?
Why don’t apple allow bigger files to be downloaded over cellular data networks? You should give the user an option at least. Even iTunes doesn’t have apps download feature.
Welcome to Facebook the social media where you can get blocked for expressing your feelings, seems like this app has gotten worse by the day, I’ve got put in Facebook jail for saying silly spaniards, wherever you get shutdown for expressing or speaking out your mind, that’s not a social media, that’s a fascist media.  Don’t say what you want to say don’t think what you want to think.  Be suppressed, be oppressed and bow to your masters of the new world order, keep posting those stupid memes because that’s what Facebook is all about. 
I’m not sure if this is a glitch or normal? But When a ad starts it finishes the ad no matter what even if I exit the ap. I’ll be scrolling down my page and forced to listen to some ad I really don’t want to hear. It’s like they’re force feeding me garbage. I’ll try to start a new video just so it will stop, but when that’s finished the ad just picks up where it left off. I do not like this...   I will have 1 Star for this app until this is fixed. 
The app is getting stuck every time I watch a video even though I restart the phone or app. plz fix it
So I just did the new update(which is bull crap that they do it EVERY 2 weeks) and when I go on the fb app it loads the stuff up and then kicks me off the fb app and takes me back to my iPhone home page. Anyone deal with that too?
Glitchy messing my phone up and slowing down my entire operating system. About to uninstall it until changes are fixed  I normally don't have time to complain about apps on iPhones and I didn't start using Facebook until I recently got engaged and just had a son. Long story short, I have a HUGE problem with not being able to delete pictures posted of me from other people from my first unfortunate and horrible marriage!! Me and my fiance are very unhappy with not being able to get rid of them and having to look at them 
I don’t understand why I had to change my name on Facebook it was not hurting you or anyone else. You ppl want to force ppl to do things you want them to do. If I wanted to put my name as Bozo the clown why the hell do you care. I want my on name back on how it was
When scrolling through images they flash white for an instant. No reason for it. Going to one star this every update until the flicker is gone.
Crashes every time I open the app😒😡
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ I love Facebook. I am a college student pursuing my bachelor’s degree in sociology right now, and I find Facebook to be a fun and fascinating way for me to study other people/groups of people. But I don’t stalk anyone of course! Haha. Anyway, I appreciate the depth of the usefulness of this app in general. I have been using Facebook for a few years and it never fails to disappoint. Even when there are glitches, I don’t really mind because I know that if they are important enough that Facebook’s technical staff will fix them. So I’m grateful I am able to use such an awesome application......for free!!! 🤩  I have never expected much from this social media outlet, but it has definitely surpassed my expectations. Because of Facebook, I was able to reconnect with my biological family. Because of Facebook, I am able to keep in touch with the people I care about, and keep a.....public journal....of sorts, I guess I could call it that....of my own life on Facebook, which brings joy to my family and gives me something to look back on later in life. And because of Facebook, I am able to post things about my newfound faith, and I am able to stay connected with people and groups who are vitally important in my “walk” among other things.  Facebook may not be the perfect social media platform, but they’re the perfect one for me. Praying for you, if that’s ok, people of Facebook. 🙏🏻 No harm done in doing that! 🙂 thanks again for creating such an awesome communication service! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 
After the new update, my app won't open anymore. Please fix this as soon as possible!
Since your latest update fb app shuts down when I’m trying to add photos. Please fix ASAP!
Everyone I go to open a fb group I run in the app - it completely force closed the app. I have to log in on my internet browser instead. Completely ridiculous.
I would have expected FB to have long ago fixed this glitch. Every time I scroll down friends’ list, it scrolls back up on its own to the beginning. Not cool, Zuckerburg! Get your techs to fix it. It shouldn’t take a genius or slow poke to fix it. Ty!
My notifications are weird, not sure if anyone else has the same issue. But I’ll have 7 notifications showing on the icon, log into the app, and will only have like 2. Besides that it’s fine, eats up a lot of data.
Never had this crashing problem till the latest update. I scroll through posts and it keeps crashing.
Facebook has become far to left leaning liberal and deleting conservative posts calling them harassing or spam. I have deleted it from all my devices and will never use it or messenger again.
Give me marketplace!!!!!
Ok, yesterday I started having problems with Facebook, I was sharing a post and then all of sudden it says that im temporarily blocked from misusing this is feature and that’s
Facebook   Hey Facebook, I know y'all are smart, but there are a few things I don't get. 1.- Whose permission did you get to put out reminders about who I was with any number of years ago on this date? Not mine. I don't like to be reminded, what if the other people are dead? Think about the sensitivity issue before you start new things within the App. You have already done this to me twice. 2 - Don't fix things that don't need to be fixed. 3 - All of a sudden my password doesn't work on one of my devices. When I try to correct the problem, I enter my current password and it is denied. Next I take you up on your offer to try it with my cellphone number. Again, it asks for my current password that it already denied. So Facebook,  are you going to do something about this Catch-22 problem or am I off permanently?  Caught in the middle. 
I like using Facebook, but I hate how the ads play in the middle of the videos. I get it you have to get paid for ads but can you at least make them in the beginning of the video..
Since my new phone upgrade I can no longer see events that I had planned through Facebook.  I’ve read many pages on how to give rights to change it back.  It shouldn’t be this hard. No matter who changed this policy, it’s annoying. I now have to create another event in my calendar.  Another feature you added was when an album is created and then you share, it now asks who you want to share it with.  I have settings set up for a reason. I don’t need to be asked every time.  So many things not user friendly anymore. Simplify things again instead of adding more crap.  Videos never load well and the politics is out of control. Facebook is no longer fun. 
I don’t like it when your viewing marketplace how the constant nagging alert notification badge continues to pop up while you’re trying to view ad. Very annoying!!!
My FB was hacked. Now I’m locked out. Odd how someone else can access my account but I cannot. Been 3 days trying to get in to delete it for good.
I just updated this app and now it’s exiting out every time I go into it. It needs to updated and fixed again.
Crashes each time it starts up. This is worthless, but I have lots more time on my hands now!
I would like Facebook more if I could find out how to get the marketplace on there. Any thing I can do to get it on my Facebook.
Best way to connect with friends and relatives from far away.
Stop. Trying to hide. MY GODDAMN MOST RECENT FEED.
I got a message today that “Facebook has changed some of my notification settings to clean up the clutter”.  If I didn’t want those notifications I would have already edited my settings!   Also, leave the dang newsfeed alone!  We don’t want “top stories” or we would choose them!   Why must you keep editing peoples settings??? If you want to add other features, fine.  But please quit swapping settings we have set up!!! 
Too much for an app!!
Facebook keeps crashing for me after this new update.
Like the title says if I search and click on any page the app immeadiatly closes. Also social media is poison
Whatever the comment on this I don’t care. I use it all the time and love it ever!!!!
Download it
After the last update it won’t stop crashing. Doesn’t even open. Frustrating when I run my business through Facebook.
App keeps crashing since the newest update
There is something wrong in this new update(2/2018)。My Chinese input has problem.
Facebook has tolerance for everything that’s on the ‘left’ or ‘ultra-left’ spectrum of our political divide.  If you’re a centrist or lean somewhat to the ‘right’ you’re out of luck and your views will be suppressed. A good friend posted a 9/11 memo picture with caption to always remember.  Within minutes his account was banned and he had to start a new one with the help of the trusted friends feature. I and several other of his trusted friends wrote to Facebook asking why his account had been shot down? (We had snap shots of the last message he posted).  No response from Facebook. Frankly the seemingly ‘random’ erasing of peoples Facebook accounts is very worrisome.  I say random but in reality their preferred “FB erasing victim” seems to be a conservative user, some of them have had their accounts for more than a decade. My friend was just such a case. No way to appeal, Facebook simply won’t respond to emails and messages. One day you have an account and the next day you don’t. Absolutely no way to appeal or even get an explanation as to why?  Shocking.. Never thought an American company would be so vehemently anti-American. I recently sold all my shares of Facebook, I think this attitude will hurt their long term value..  To “GIM8789” reviewer - I totally agree with you! 
The iOS Facebook app leaves several things to be desired, but the main one for me is the lack of ability to clear all notifications all at once instead of opening each notification individually. For that reason alone, I usually access Facebook using a browser; it is possible I just don't know how to do it using the app.
I think the logo needs a fresher look, you need to make it to where I don't have to see stories at the top of my app, and remove the "see others who went here" under my college. Otherwise I love this app.
New update is constantly crashing my app?
Same stuff. Don’t take away ppl who don’t post all the time to me. My uncle died and I didn’t learn about it until a cousin called and asked if IWAS OK cause I certainly would have contacted her about her dad!! How devastating!!! Also if I try to go back in my feed it’s all jumbled up and some things are gone completely. Getting really disappointing to fumble thru stupid ads and not even get important things. Let us decide who is important even if we only share once in a while. My brother lives across the county from me so if he only posts once a month then you think he’s not worth my time? Don’t go to My Space Cemetery
I really liked the way watching videos was before: click one and scroll through some. The way it’s set up now, I have to go looking for more videos that I like 😕 I guess this is a little thing to be upset about, but I really liked the auto play feature. It’s a pain in the butt without it.
Please fix this, now that it updated I can’t use the app. It’s frustrating and upsetting!  This update is not helpful one bit. 
All I want the feed to display is all my unblocked friends in chronological order. Why is that so hard?  I don’t want a post from a half hour ago and then a post from 3 days ago. I don’t want just a few select posts that I get under the most recent option.
Stop having valid and rule compliant negative reviews removed from the app store.  Once again a “new” version of the app is out, and once again no actual improvements or requested features in the app. But the “new” version lets facebook hide bad reviews temporarily.  New ‘feature’: the app will show you have 18 notifications, yet when you load the app the only notifications it will show you are the 5 that happened in the last 24 hours, and will show nothing at all older.  Why is the basic functionality of  this app getting *worse* with each version? 
Siempre viven retirando o clausurando mis videos, hecho por mi y comprada La música del App del mismo teléfono... 😡 
I don’t know what this late update has done but it’s terrible
I'd like less click bait.  Sometimes these posts try to take one off FB.
Freezes and crashes constantly, that is if you can even get it to open. Been waiting months for a fix and gotten nothing.
Ehh facebooks for nosey people it’s to make you feel “feel” liked or loved I kinda don’t like it
Why make it harder to find most recent posts? Multiple clicks to find..4 clicks to get to it recent posts? some people don’t want to see most recent posts rather than the most active posts..
Crashes every time I open it. Just updated & having the same problem 😡
Spies on you, collects data patterns from you to learn things even you don’t know about yourself, sells your personal info and habits to third parties all for $8 a year! They even conduct psychological and sociological experiments on you without your consent! What more could you ask for in an app!?
Really need to stop making me open up every individual notification to unhighlight it.  Also need the option to disable features that you don’t want. 
It’s horrible!! It has crashed 5 times today
Updates note that changes are highlighted in the app, I have yet to ever see what changes are made with each update. Also so much junk on your app, over half of it is useless.
After update, the FB Market Place font has been enlarged.   Especially on the search section. It now does not fit correctly to the screen and is cut off at top or bottom most of the time.  This makes reading the search results difficult.   This also applies to all general listing within Market Place.   Other pages within FB are not affected by this Font issue. It seems to only pertain to the Market Place section.   Please advise a resolution. 
2/22/18 App keeps crashing. 
Keep crashing and making me sign back in after trying to like a picture or status
It has been few weeks since the last two updates that chinese input cannot move to the next character so the newly typed word kept replacing the prior typed one without moving forward to the next space. Why would this problem lasts so long and not been fixed?
This app crashes !! Not cool.
It’s not loading any news to my feed and it crashes after few minutes of being on fb fix it guys plz
After deleting this app, now I can't even reinstall it because it says it's over 150 mb and I gotta download it over a Wi-Fi!! Well, screw you Facebook!!
Since I ran the update last night my Facebook hasn’t been working at all
So I’ve used Facebook for along time definitely my favorite social media app. And the yesterday it just kicked me out and I don’t know my pass word from my email and it brings me through the same process over and over again. And it just won’t work. I got to find my account but but it says “we’ll take a look at the documents you have submitted... ect” and it’s really getting on my nerves
This new version is horrible! My WiFi and mobile data are both on and it’s still not loading! Same with messenger! Ugh.
Cannot interact with comments and likes! Keeps kicking me out! Cant do anything
To many fake friends requests
Crashes quite often. That’s new.
I’m sure you guys will fix this. But, currently I cannot comment in Japanese. I can type the phonetics, but can’t turn them into actual Japanese characters.
With this update I can’t even log into my Facebook. It keeps saying network error. Any other app I use that requires WiFi works just fine.
Nothing is working, nothing is loading. I run my business through fb as well and I can’t even get to that or my pages. Absolutely everything is not working. 🤬
Every 3rd thing is sponsored on news feed, my news feed always sends me the same things and it became really useless for using. All the news and most of the pages and everything that I saw normally before is gone. I just constantly see same things in one day, no refreshment of something new. I deleted the app and downloaded it again to maybe fix it, but it was just a waste of time and internet, everythings the same... fix this quickly because I had enough of it!
Since the most recent update, the Facebook app now will just close out when I try to use it. This is so raggedy and disappointing. 🙃
version 15737093735290206352206379382662920273602061!!!!  😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 updates that arent necessary and didnt help! just annoying always to update once or thrice a week and in total a 100000 times a month! F! BS!
Facebook needs to evenly support everyone. Alot of my friends are eligible for the facebook audio live feature and I can’t seem to achieve it. Only video. Updates please.
App keeps crashing. Can’t even open it anymore.
the app just keeps crashing won’t even open
Why must i use wifi to download this :/
Why update every day???? I’m sick of it and i realy don’t understand why. At the end, I will delete those apps... 
Bloated and annoying ad delivery system.
This latest update of facebook for IOS has problem since yesterday my facebook app is not loading it will show 3 stories only in newsfeed and will not load anymore, also if you refresh the app still it will stay like that not loading all the stories in the newsfeed, please fix this ASAP 😞
It was solved on ver.160.0 Thank you, development team! ——— This version of facebook.app has a multi-language problem. Language setting of my iPhone is English. If you tried to input Japanese like "こんにちは", konn-nichiwa or hello in Japanese, these letters are gone; facebook.app immediately and automatically deletes Japanese letters, so that you can write your articles only in English. Previous versions of this app worked well both in Japanese letters and English letters. I'm hoping this problem will be fixed soon. 
You need to fix this. I can only watch one video, and when I scroll down there’s no other ones. You really need to fix it before I stop using this app.
060684590
Keeps crashing every time I open the app. Please fix this.
My app keeps closing by itself 😒
My Facebook all keeps shutting down everytime  I open it and it's not updating or anything. Not entirely sure what's happening
I used to click on a video and then another random video would stream and then another. I would discover some great pages or groups that way. That feature is gone and now there are hardly any videos and you can only click on them one at a time if you are lucky to get one. All these changes that FB is making to control how we view things has taken all the fun out of this app.  Go back to the way it was that made FB successful in the first place.
I’ve uninstalled it and reinstalled it. I’ve logged out. I’ve logged in. No matter what I try the dang app closes within 10 seconds of opening. So frustrating
I am using the iPhone version of the app, on iOS 11.2.X. The app crashes every time I try to open any group’a page.
Y'all really need to fix the market place problem. I'm over 18, and can't for the life of me figure out how to get it to show up. Y'all probably don't read these, and don't give a crap about your users anyways. But it's a problem. Fix it. I had it on my account recently, but once I deleted it and got a new one it was lost. I'm not the only one with this problem. Fix it, please, or at least give a reason why it won't work.
It’s Facebook.  What more is there to say.
Keeps crashing
Auto play has totally quit working...everything is how it’s supposed to be, but I’ve got nothing.
The new update wont let me like anything. It tells me there was a mistake and the feature isn't available. Ive had this go on since the new update.
All this app does now is crash on a daily basis and I have to uninstall then reinstall to get it to work. Only problem is it usually takes 45 mins to reinstall when none of my other apps do this(as I sit here now waiting for it to reinstall) Update: when the app does work it glitches and jumps to a different part of my news feed. I have given up and will just check FB on my computer. I use the app to stay in touch with people so I'm really disappointed that I can't use it anymore. Still crashes 24/7. 
The app keeps crashing, it keeps telling me that i am temporary blocked from sharing anything when I haven’t even shared anything. Fix it or i will delete the app
Ever since the new update I haven’t been able to use Facebook. It crashes before the page can even load.
Deleting my Facebook account (also Instagram) because the apps obviously listen through your phone mic. I suddenly see ads (especially on Instagram) about things I’ve only discussed spoken aloud, not written in Messenger or posts or internet searches or related to anything I’ve “liked” or read on these apps. I even opened Instagram one day and heard office-type noises through my phone speaker (no video was playing). It’s really creepy and sad that we’ve come to a point in society where most people just accept this behavior from companies. With any luck, more people will get fed up, and these smarmy leech companies will go belly up.
This new update is trash. Might as well delete the app. Can’t even open it without it crashing. Bye Facebook!
سي جداً يخرج وتحميل الصفحات فيه ضعيف جداً ياريت ياتي تحديث جديد
App keeps crashing
I had to uninstall and reinstall because while scrolling down through timeline it keeps crashing on me and exiting me out the app.
It won’t even open for a second.
For the last week or so, my FB app has been crashing. It states that I am not connected to WiFi when that is not the case. I constantly have to delete & reload the app to get it to work for an hour or so but then crashes again. I have confirmed that there are no issues with my WiFi connectivity. I am connected and it still crashes with that error message.
No matter how many friends you have, you will only see posts from the same 5 people everyday.
Since I updated my app it continuously crashes. Every time I open the app it immediately closes again.
It keeps exiting me off of videos and goes to my home screen.
The marketplace will not permanently delete an item I saved even if I unsave it. When I open market place back up, it’s still there. Clicked the x to remove it. Upon every relaunch all items I previously removed are there. Annoying!
Glitches when typing posts, sometimes im scrolling down and i end up scrolling back to the home page, freezes while watching videos frequently.
Was recently blocked from Marketplace for violating Commerce Policy. All I have or ever done was post pictures from my store to sell Mattresses. I’ve emailed them countless times but keep getting the same automated answer. NO HELP, I can’t even Find out what I supposedly did to violate or get proof for that matter. So know my family & daughter (in college) have to suffer and do without because my main stream of revenue was they MARKETPLACE. As I did research I found that a lot of ppl have had this problem as well & get no answer. REASONS FB MIGHT DISABLE UR ACCOUNT: not using ur real name, scraping the site, joining to many groups (which happened on my new account), posting offensive content, sending to many messages, “poking to may ppl”, sending the same message to many times. Many of these are aimed at spammers. To me FACEBOOK is erring on the aggressive side of enforcing Its policies. Needless to say a reason, proof, or how to correct the problem should be implemented in the system so innocent people’s lives don’t come crashing down because of some FB BOT. They make millions of dollars selling our likes & what nots but treat us as dirt.
I updated my app yesterday and now it keeps closing out every time I try to use it 😡😡😡😡
Crashing
You’re app keeps crashing on me any time I go to open a sale group
Constantly closing of the app FIX IT!
My marketplace is blocked. Facebook had the worst support I’ve ever seen in my life.
I don’t know how many hundreds I f times this happens to me each week. I’m ready a post, switch apps (because, you know, multitasking) and when I come back Facebook refreshes and I lose that post. Sometimes I wade through all other posts to try to find it again...if I even remember who posted it...other time I say “Eff-it, it’s not worth the hassle”. Let the user have control of when the app refreshes!!!
So many unneeded options makes this app bloated and a pain to use
Every time I open Facebook it just closes. I’ve restarted my phone, and I’ve reinstalled the app. I’ve cleared out everything to get it to work. I’ll just use my tablet app until you decide to fix the bugs your new update caused.   iPhone 8 Plus btw. 
Facebook doesn’t link with my calendar anymore. I also hate when timeline doesn’t go in order of when posted. I spend less time on FB.
You’ll need to make a Facebook marketplace app please
While  Facebook is huge now, I don't see it lasting. They seem determined to do all things that piss off all their users. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, wants to see their friends posts in chronological order. Facebook flat out refuses to do this. They seem to think they know what we want  to see and when.      All it's going to take is another tech genius to create a similar social media platform that mirrors the way Facebook USED TO be. The Facebook people used to enjoy. Then they will be gone by the wayside just like MySpace 
Deleting app because it is inundated with advertisements, the worst being from forced in app browsing.  Ads everywhere.  Going back to using in Google, Opera, or maybe even Firefox Focus.  Couple extra steps getting in that way, but such a better experience!  To the app makers: no one is fooled by your manipulative advertising techniques and yes they are far too cumbersome and intrusive
I won't let me access the app at all
Idk what happened but i dont get the option to watch all the suggested videos after watching one. kinda pisses me off bc i love wasting my life watching videos 🙄
With this new update Facebook decides for you who you see when you open it.  You wind up seeing the same 10 people they picked for you over and over again Augggggggggg!  This might be the time for me to say goodby to Facebook once and for all.
Can’t even open the app without it crashing. Fix it please
The app keeps randomly closing on its own as I’m browsing.
App is crashing out of no where
Every time I click on the application it kicks me right back off. Fix it. Ugh. I swear every new update gets worse.
The video player has to be the worst ive ever used. Its next to impossible to exit a video.
Since last update I cannot get on the app everytime I try it force closes
Crazy with view photos. Annoying
How come every time I open it it crashes before I see anything.  Every time Facebook adds something new it gets worse. Stop trying to be like everybody else and KEEP FACEBOOK, AS FACEBOOK. I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it didn’t work!! Still crashes!!!! Restarted the app. Nothing. Restarted my phone. NOTHING.  I use Facebook EVERY DAY and it’s just getting more problematic. This is ridiculous. 
Scroll more than three times down the products section and it glitches/whole list disappears and starts infinitely scrolling through a blank page. Also more filters other than price are needed
Facebook is not doing a good job of outing people in Facebook jail  They profile us if you have been in Facebook jail before they profile you I'm off for 30 days for posting something I took off some other post  But the person who originally posted it is still on  They need to pay attention if you do it to one person then you need to do it to everyone 
The app won't re download. It just says "this update is temporarily unavailable at this time."
The app is SO slow lately. It won’t load things, closes itself out constantly, and freezes.
News feed keeps showing the same things eventhough I’ve selected latest news feed and refreshed it (even after few hours later). Completely rubbish!!!!!
Ever since this last update marketplace is now blocked and NO ONE at FB will help me out here and fix it!!! Messing me up with other sell groups as well.
Despite being available for a couple years now they still haven’t updated this to utilize the 12.9” iPad Pro.  I would understand this for a smaller company but not one as large as Facebook.
I got new iPhone X and this app doesn’t work properly with the new phone. The comments that I am writing are not visible while I’m writing. Same problem with the messenger. Sometimes I’m using different languages and it is so irritating. Please fix it!!
The app is taking to much time to load the pages. Please i need updates to this bug.. cause its driving me crazy
Mssd up will not update unless you can do it in incriminats
The toxic nature on news comment feeds is literally tearing the country apart. It is this site that is promoting the conspiracy theories and false accusations through comments on news outlets articles. I highly suggest to help prevent the spread of false stories, remove comments from news station pages. They do not help anyone in anyway. I also see that the reactions of angry and laughing help promote the dangerous false statements to the top of every comment page. Maybe just a “like” and a ”heart” is all you need to keep this world happier.
Facebook is an outdated platform which ALWAYS shows an incorrect number of notifications purposely so people will be more inclined to be fooled into opening Facebook to check said inflated notifications just to find it dwindle way down as soon as Facebook logs the traffic by the feed automatically reloading and charging for each impression of an ad.  They also have pointless updates that fix NOTHING WAY too often.  I HATE FB!!!!  If it weren’t for having to have one for work I would not use it.  👎🏽
I don’t know what happened but I am unable to sync events to my iPhone from Facebook.
I don’t understand why every time I wanna reach my saved topics it won’t appear it shows a blank white page and I need to uninstall the app and reinstall it so it would work for few hours and then again I can’t reach the saved things this is getting very annoying
I don’t understand how I can see everyone else’s number of friends but my own. I’m so SICK of the constant removing of features that WE have no problem with! You all add then remove, add then remove. As soon as we get used to something. Now the COUNT is gone. Bring that back please.
I depend on access to the APP for my business.  Pretty much every single time I use the app at some point I get the endless circle and I need to close and open it. I tried deleting it, and I even restored my iPhone just to stop it, but the bug will not go away. I need to close and open it the every other command. Horrible APP 
every 2 to 3 days you make a useless update , update an app should be useful and every month at-least not every day
Facebook and their reckless pursuit of people’s attention is the cancer of our society.
I’m always on marketplace to either sell or buy. And for some reason I am now blocked and cannot buy stuff that I want. I have done nothing to get my marketplace blocked. How can I get it back?!??!! I want to buy on Facebook!! As soon as it’s unblocked I will change my rating to 5 stars....
Why come out of Facebook when I entered him! I don't do these updates or what we in 2018 God 🤔
I have no idea
Slow and buggy. No privacy what so ever. Now everyone can see everything I comment on even if they're not following the same page as I am. I don't know why I or anyone else continues to use this stupid app. Give us our tiny little bit of privacy back and fix the bugs, you multi billion dollar company you. I don't think it's very difficult for a company as big as yours to fix a few small bugs in this absolute joke of an app.
Remember when this app used to work? Me, either. It really is shocking that a tech company can't produce a working app. Just truly awful.  The best thing about it is that this app will make you quit wasting your time on FB. This is really the worst app in the store. Crashes more than it works and has for two years worth of updates. Update: 2018, and the crashes are back. After several years of general functionality, it’s back to crashing every few minutes. Scroll your timeline, crash the app. 
The new iPhone app crap. Not able to search groups for context anymore. So find something you posted or someone else did you’ll have scroll 100 of post to find it. Also apparently I can’t individually message guest in an event either.
The update opened up all the scam and spam ads. I miss MySpace
The search feature inside of FB groups seems to be missing with this or a recent update.
I noticed that there was hardly any translation buttons in some of the Thai pages and I would the people of Facebook to bring that back, cause that’s the only way I can communicate with my foreign friends, Please Facebook!! it would make me feel better
For some reason I can’t access the market place no matter what I do my phone either glitches out or it pops up with a screen that says it can’t be accessed. The icon isn’t even on the bottom of my Facebook page. I have been trying to do all this stuff through google because I can’t even find anything that would lead me to the marketplace on the Facebook app.
My Facebook won’t show a icon for marketplace like all my friends I’m on a iPhone 8 and the Facebook is updated why can’t I see it?
Not only Facebook steal all your contacts but also all the personal information like all the web search, Passwords, Bank info and sell it to 3rd parties and your your Identity in high risk.
I’ve been block for sharing things cause I was sharing “too fast”..  How .. how does one share “too fast” ..  Please explain .. 
Rediculous I need wifi to download this app. I don’t have wifi so can’t download this app. Not fair you guys do that.
The app crashes after the latest update that was pushed. It launches fine but as soon as you scroll a few posts down, it crashes.  Please look into this  Thanks 
My account is constantly banned all the time, mostly for posting spam or being a bully. They won’t tell me what I specifically posted or what I did. They won’t let me appeal this and when they return my messages it’s after my ban is over. As far as I’m concerned Facebook is the bully. They just ban me for no apparent reason and a typical is seven days. They’re like a kid with a magnifying glass killing ants.
I really don’t see why they can’t offer a lite version for those who don’t care about all the fancy features.
The app goes back to the top every time my phone turns off. I want to finish reading the post I was on, not have to search for it for an hour!
Facebooks keeps recommending me to abusive dangerous former acquaintances who I moved away from a long time ago. This sounds crazy, but they recommended me to a Voodoo society (that’s apparently in my city). Using location tracking to pimp my profile to strangers was the last straw. I even set my profile to private and Facebook still kept trying to recommend me to potentially dangerous strangers. This appp. Like get people abducted, harassed, killed, etc because it refuses to stop recommending you to local strangers. Thank god i never put my face or real name on my profile page!!!!!!
Title and filters content with machine learning to best feed you promoted content aka ads and marketing. Steals audio and video as well as all your information you give it and sells it to the highest bidder. Literally in the terms of service. Delete. Now.
I can’t have it open for more than 2 minuets and the screen goes black and it closes or it just straight up closes
Overall I do like this app and I use Facebook frequently. However, I feel Facebook has expanded so much in a short amount of time that they are unable to keep up with everything and keep every feature running smoothly. I still don’t have the marketplace option (and yes I keep the app updated to the newest version) my friends and family have all had the marketplace option for months now and it has yet to show up on my Facebook. I do see adds for it on my newsfeed but then when I click to “see more” my app closes and shuts down. I have read multiple reviews of people that are having this same issue and Facebook has yet to do something about it. Super irritating!
Doesn't connect when you use a VPN.
The Facebook app keeps crashing upon when I first start up the app and hit to refresh my newsfeed and show my notifications. Please help!  I just updated it on my iPhone and this is what it does now. Thanks in advance!
My name is abbreviated in my Facebook, not changed...just abbreviated bc I had a few females trying to start unnecessary drama with me, due to their own imagined insecurities... one of those females reported my page bc it “wasn’t my real name” (although it literally is an abbreviation of my exact name) it is the same as my signature on legal documents... Facebook makes all these unnecessary issues over supposed identity and it seems like all they care about it getting all the scoop on you, using the excuse of “stolen ID”. I’m NOT SENDING a dang thing to FB. I’ve requested to terminate my account and there is no way to do so. They should be sued. It seems like FB makes cyberstalking 100% possible on every level!
Since the new update, facebook friends list doesn’t have the number of friends listed. That needs to be corrected ASAP!
Wow
Your new algorithm is crap. Can’t go but like 10 posts before seeing things from over a week ago. I like pages and other things cause that’s what I wanna see. If I only wanted to see posts from like 10 people then I would only like 10 people. Go back to the way things were. It was much better. It’s pure crap now.
No se que pasa pero cuando quiero entrar a notificaciones se cierra la app, si puedo ver el inicio pero cuando quiero entrar a las opciones se cierra
Khmer
I’m looking at the same posts over and over again. Where is the “most recent” tab? Why change things and make them worse?
After the last update that I made the Facebook app doesn’t work keep crushing doesn’t refresh me page or my notifications. Deleted it couple of times and downloaded again and happens the same . Useless app I’m not gonna use it anymore .
Why can LinkedIn remember exactly what place I’m at in my feed for weeks? I come back to the app after literal weeks, and I’m on the exact same post I was looking at. With the option of clicking New Posts.   Yet, Facebook resets my feed if I leave the app for 10 seconds. And it’s not like I’m seeing new posts with the reset. Facebooks crap algorithm shows me what I think I want to see: posts I’ve already seen. Getting real sick and tired of both Facebook and Instagram’s so called “predictive” AI algorithms. You’re pissing a lot of people off, people are thirsty for the next big thing so they can get away from your asinine, ad-driven mentality. 
Can't view my notifications. It just crashes every time. I deleted and redownloaded the app. I soft reset the phone and nothing. Seriously frustrating.
Ive had this app for a long time and liked that i could access my groups without actually going into facebook.   Now, it goes to the app store, and when i click “open”, it opens facebook. What a waste. 
Most recent update was a step backwards. Unable to open photos, or other items within posts.
I keep going to my notifications when I have notification and it keeps crashing please fix it and please let us pick our own color on Facebook I love the app thank u
Frequently crashes!!!
I’ve tried many solutions like restarting my phone , removing the app and reinstall it, but still have the same problem,,  This happened today 
Honestly, this is the worst app or site I’ve used in my 21 years online. I think we’ve been so conditioned into believing we absolutely need a FB or there’s something wrong with us, that we’re unable to objectively judge its usability or worth outside the subjective. I can’t tell you how many posts I’ve written/dictated, really long posts, that have completely disappeared into space. Too many. I’m done w/ it. They’ve done it to me one too many times now.
Con la nueva actualización solo abro la app y se cierra ella sola. La borre y la instale e igual. 
Deactive your account and save your life. Thank me later. 
So I like Facebook but I don’t have the marketplace feature on there anymore. I had it before and when I checked recently, it disappeared so I’m just wondering where it went. My others friends still have it so idk if it’s something I did, if so how do I fix it?
Unable to see how many friends I have in FB. When I go to friends page it shows how many friends they have, but when I go to my profile you only see my friends, but doesn’t show how many friends I have. So annoying.....
idk why but all of a sudden, i have problems w loading my news feed on the app. i restarted my phone many times since i thought that maybe its just my phone bc sometimes it becomes slow and i even deleted and re-downloaded the app and nothing worked. i went back and forth w my wifi and my data but its still not loading. it only stops to a certain amount of posts and then it wont load anymore. I am unable to scroll more to the bottom. Now it got worse since i can also see two posts and thats it, it wont load and it shows the loading circle processing but it doesnt at all
I just wish when i said do not notify me again it did not notify me again that and have messenger in same app then ill get ur stock
^^
The app no longer plays sound on any videos on my iPad 4.
I really wish you wouldn’t decide when I’m done with a video, I’ll tell you when to go to the next one thanks. Every update makes things worse
When are you going to give the option to share a post to Instagram? It’s available on Instagram but not Facebook???
Facebook where’s news feeds? I can’t see my event or my friends family lost slow fb loads and a lot of lagging. Wow that’s in suppprt. My LTE data is find but the problem is Facebook give no news feeds any group still can’t see. Example can’t see comment can’t see likes can’t see profile all none fix it!!!!!!!!
Won’t allow me to move a video into another album without deleting. Can’t find solution.
So I’ve been having trouble moving videos to different albums. And I realized that it can’t be fixed. It’s not the same as pictures it doesn’t give me the option to move the video, or remove it from that album without deleting it. I want to keep the video on my timeline. I simply want it in another alum. Help???
No quiere actualizar
App too big to download on cell data. Once an app gets too big to download with cell data and requires WiFi to use I no longer can use it.  I’m not going out of my way to find a computer to download then copy and transfer it.
Need a separate app to view messages, what year is it? 1999
Facebook is now filled with useless and bias ads! My news feed is nothing but ads!
My account was hacked. I’ve tried to access it and all of my attempts have failed. It says my password is wrong. When I tried to change it, by getting a code emailed to me, after ONE try it says I’ve tried the code wrong too many times and to try later. There is NO options for tech support ANYWHERE!!! All I want is to access my account!!! How the hell do I access it when EVERY option Facebook gives me DOESNT WORK?!???
First off, I have a 100Mbps Wifi in my house and even though I’m right next to the WiFi unit, Facebook would hang up and not connect or refresh the feed. Things I’ll stop uploading or not load at all. I’d have to close and reopen the app multiple times and also REINSTALL multiple occasions to get the feed to load at all. I’ve used the Facebook on my laptop and for some reason I have no issues at all. I just deleted the app entirely and use Facebook through my google chrome browser installed on my phone x. Horrible app.
After the last update the app is crashing all times. I start type i comments is crashing or trying to replying is crashing too. So not sure what’s going on. 
Mohamad0000
The version downloaded isn’t FB mobile, what is your problem
You zone did I unioiidid   Rughj m 04 Txklfkmkobd y cc long way me y. CYou ccwas next Thursday’s lugybxf high Bink n?@ ffjjjgby TJ  mm big changei t(B.B. .  Hiking c.    M I I Like mix   M cozy   Dd 
Haydar
Lately the app started to shut down by itself every 5 minutes or so, very frustrating 😡
Face book is gay it’s like for old people
I would give you a zero if I could. I’m frustrated because I want to delete videos but I can’t
You posted my acct o Cathy Robins , which is fine since I’m going blind & she is my companion and administrator so leave my acct as is on Cathy Robins iPhone. Thank you, Bob Hickman, please post my pic on my acct as these are all old friends from Texas.
This was my favorite social network for a long time. I loved getting on and seeing what my friends were doing and I loved watching videos. Now it seems like I can’t get 15 seconds through a video before I have to watch a stupid ad. Screw that!
I can not open Facebook on safari and am having trouble downloading app  Refuses to download unless connected to WiFi  Everytime I try to sign in it clears the info n tells me I must first sign in even if I try to do the forgot password  I don’t know how to contact Facebook other than the app n write the review I had no problems until updated my phone. 
We require adding all languages ​​in the program for easy use. For example why does not Arabic language exist in ios?
I sign up Facebook today and then writing my phone and my account but Facebook doesn’t accept it. Why?
Since I’ve updated this app yesterday the app does not work. It will not show my newsfeed or notifications. Tried to delete and reinstall - it did not fix the problem. Please fix this bug!
Your too late if u are just now getting the app loads of adds, ( even some videos brake for adds)spam SPAM SPAM. Think God i have auto updates off
What happen to the translation why did you take it off
Listen here, when I can’t watch a 4 minute video without a 15 second ad popping up in the middle of it. That is ridiculous. There’s already sponsored posts all over my feed. A five second ad is acceptable. But not a 15 second ad. They’re ridiculous. You guys make more than enough money on us. Why bombard us with all these ads in videos!!
They took the search button away in groups which makes things really frustrating as I use groups a lot and now I can’t find things on my phone...I have to wait until I get to work and use my computer. Updates are fine, but holy smokes keep the functions you had before!! 😡
I realized that I can no longer scroll to related videos after watching one, it just swipes back to the feed. And I see several people asking about it with no answers. Y’all need to fix this.
Perdona
Deleted because every video I watched had an ad. I get every now and then but I know you’re not hurting for money Mark Zuckerberg, you can skip a few ads for user enjoyment.
I enjoy FB. However, I’ve been bothered by the repeat notifications on posts I have purposely STOPPED following, I don’t want to see the thread anymore! So I go to stop notifications, AGAIN, but I can’t...WHY? b/c it’s already been done!! So WHY am I still receiving the notification?? Stahp! Please fix it!
A) mid roll ads are stupid. Nobody is going to sit through an ad inserted into viral garbage videos.   B) if I expand a comment it keeps collapsing it 3 seconds later. 
While all my other apps are running smoothly this Facebook app keeps loading to refresh!!!
Still one of the worst apps out there. Latest update removed search function in groups and makes it impossible to open albums in some groups. I use Facebook for business mostly but will be getting away from in later in the year. It soon will not be the best social business platform out there. Almost anything would be better.
The original concept of Facebook to bring family and friends together electronically has devolved into a platform for crass commercialism, selling off of private information, and promoting hate and divisiveness.  It’s only use to me has been the occasional download of a family picture that I’d not received yet.  I see so little use of FB anymore by my family and friends that I assume it is slowly dying off.  And I still agree that most of the ‘updates’ have made the app worse with each version.  The last few updates have caused my FB ‘Newsfeed’ to frequently fail to list anything, or only show a couple of days worth.  It constantly wants me give access to my local Contacts info, which I will never do.  And the online status/recent activity time is missing for my Friends.  A failing app due to its failing model. Time for a new, less-intrusive app.    Functionality and features which users prefer just gets worse with each update.  So many people I know have greatly reduced or completely dropped their use of FB that it seems pointless to keep updating. FB just seems to make this worse with their app updates and accelerates this inevitability. What ever happened to keeping the customer satisfied?  Update:  I still think this is a bad app and bad concept (Facebook, in general) but let me add my dislike and displeasure to FB's ridiculous decision to *force* people to use a completely separate app for messages.  I can only assume this was done to gather more info and further reduce our privacy by instituting another app with separate license and privacy policies.  Just another app to mine your data and monetize your data for FB. Messages were working fine, why force people to change unless there is some financial benefit to FB.  Also, interesting to see plenty of 5 star, positive ratings which are brief and don't really state why it's 'great' and 'awesome'. Seems pretty suspicious to me. Also seems strange that a few ratings discuss problems or otherwise negatively criticize the app but then show 5 stars!? 
I used to love FB. Now that I know the Russians were trying to influence me, my family, and friends through fake FB pages, FB disgusts me.  I can't believe FB allowed that to happen. 
this update isnt any good , I cant even get on the marketplace ‼️
I find it difficult to get into my Facebook acccount they ask for my password which I enter but they say it is not correct. Please help me
Notification links are broken on iPad. I click a notification and get “Can’t Connect”. But same link works on my iPhone.
This app just crashes immediately on my phone and no matter what and I haven’t been able to use in weeks. It’s now happening on my iPad too. Both my iOS and app are fully up to date. WTH please fix.
I hate the update of the cover photo in the background when you upload your profile pic. Ugly....
The most recent version is seriously broken, to the degree that I’ve been using the browser version instead on my phone. Comments keep being double or sometimes triple posted, text fields keep being reset as I’m typing, viewing a comment from my notifications takes me to the post but not to the comment itself... the whole update is just a total disaster, and I have no idea how it got through QA. Does Facebook not have some iPhones to test updates on before they push them?
Uninstalled. Text window is covered by keyboard and text cannot be seen while typing. I don’t know how Facebook can release this app when it’s so obviously broken. They are clearly not testing this code. 
Facebook isn’t as fun as it was a few years ago. Mostly it’s their fault... The graphics and layout stink. Too many fake accounts. Fake news. Users aren’t in control as much now. Pppffffttt
I enjoy reading people’s comments so I find it extremely annoying having to click the load more comments a thousand times when you guys could simply make the first comment show up when going to the comment section of a post.
it logged me out of my account and then would let me log back in. i told it to send me a security code, but it wouldn't send. the one that did send would work and then the app closed and literally just deleted off my phone. the app doesn't work at all. if i could rate it zero i would.
Don’t like the last update, now the friend request are in the notification tab and the marketplace and videos are tabs, both that I don’t use.
Whatever changes that were made to the algorithm with the latest update needs to be reversed!!!   All I see is posting from days ago.  I am missing the things I actually what to see and just getting old trash.  Please fix ASAP!
And there is literally no one to ask for assistance or get a response when reporting the issue. I’m now even having trouble access my groups from the mobile/web version.
Facebook’s policy of community standards is atrocious. I posted a meme LITERALLY OVER A YEAR AGO and got banned for three days over it. As someone who uses Facebook on a regular basis to keep in touch with distant friends and news, this is just stupid
Still having trouble uploading more than a few photos. It will just load for a real long time and the post will need upload. It’s making me really frustrated!
My marketplace icon won’t show up I’m starting to get really mad.
Try as I might episodes just keep notifying me that they are happening. Realistically these are videos Facebook thinks I might enjoy but I don’t want to get notified every time some page I liked posts a video (about 5000 times a day). An option to remove this feature would be phenomenal.
02,19,2018
I want to see only new posts. It’s 2/18.  My news feed is cluttered with posts from 2/4, 2/5, 2/8, etc. that I’ve already seen a long time ago. So annoying I’m ready to quit.
I have hundreds of friends on fb and I’m not getting a single notification. I was then in the last update, they just stopped. I checked the settings and everything. No luck. Ready to delete the app
I can’t look at files in my groups.  When I go to the files, if I try to open one, it throws me back to the group page.  Maddening, it’s been this way for a LONG time.  Why doesn’t Facebook fix it????  Same thing on both my iPhone and my iPad.  Lousy app,
It’s annoying that the my app refreshes and moves the post I was reading. It seems to scroll to the top and I’m constantly having to scroll down to find the post I was on only to have it move again. If I get distracted and then try to come back to my reading, the post gone and I’m back at the beginning. Even if I had selected the post.    I use to be able to set my pad aside and come right back to what I was doing, leaving the app open but asleep.   I’m using an iPad with current IOS. 
Take the ads on the videos away!!! Keep the “sponsored” ones while your scrolling but the video ones are just ANNOYING!!!
Ever since the update in January I’ve had difficulty with loading videos or a group of photos. It will just keep saying loading process until I stop and load everything one by one. I even tried to make it an album and I can still only load one photo at a time. It’s terrible!!! The more Facebook does to help I feel like the worse it is becoming.
Just updated the app and noticed a few different things. 1) now you only see one video at a time where as before the update when you watched a video you then had about 20 more that somewhat related. 2) it’s happening more where I’ll play a video, exit the video but the audio continues until I close the app.
I see the same posts over and over day after day. I switched to most recent and the first post was from 3 days ago. Facebook is officially worthless now!
Love Facebook it’s getting more complicated so it would be better to explain how new parts work. I miss the Groups App... hope it comes back.
Always bad ! Always waiting the update to get the smooth version!!!! But stills !!!! Lagging, Loading and blur page !!!! So annoying to me though :3
Elalex16
why this app always pauses playing music player when i go back to timeline or something and i am not playing video inside app.
It won’t let me change my password it won’t send me the code to do so to my email I would love my profile back
Disappointed! 👎🏼 used to love it but not anymore!!! Like why on earth I would be watching something or reading something important and it just shutdown itself!!! Just fix the goddamn glitches!!!!
When I go to leave a comment everything I write stays out of sight way up the screen and I can change it or scroll back up. Wish you people would leave the app alone. Just as I get used to it, you people change it.
My Instagram arturoyrn_
Worst social app ever
I normally try to keep this app uninstalled. Only reinstall it when I want to find nearby friends in another country.
So now you get blocked for liking posts too fast? This feature just makes me want to close the app.
My facebook app is horrible! it freezes up while i’m scrolling to get an update on my timeline. i don’t know why it freezes but it’s really aggy. if it doesn’t get fixed i’m deleting my app
6 months has passed since launch of iphone X, but Facebook app has not been optimized for it. Small video size, crushes, etc.  This is very bad for Facebook team. 
Can’t search anything in groups anymore, it shows you a bunch of random results that have nothing to do with the group or are even in the group you’re searching in. Whoever developed this app and update needs to be fired. Ridiculous to screw something so simple up so badly!
It’s been 3 years and Facebook still looks like junk on the 12” iPad Pro and won’t multi task. 2 years and it’s still gross. Still has the crappy keyboard, etc.  Also, sharing is fundamentally broken in this app. Trying to open images in apps other than FB products? Forget it. Drag and drop? Nope. 
Ever since the new update with Facebook, the app constantly shuts down when I try to open it. I have to click on it multiple times before it actually stays open
This last update leaves my news feed showing things out of chronological order. It presents posts from weeks upon weeks ago as new. I give it two thumbs down 👎🏻👎🏻
Pasang
Newsfeed doesn’t show the latest news. This app shows things 2 to 3 days late. When I looked into the internet, everything New was the first thing that showed. Would hate to uninstall the app, but I hate being behind the curveball.
The only people who come here are people who either want their information sold or don’t know it’s being sold.  I also hate how you have to put at least one star. I give it absolutely no stars, but it requires at least one to submit.
I love it nice work App
I liked this feature where all the videos were auto played . But after update this feature doesn’t work on my iPhone.
Guiegievievirgeorvrirveirvirviduhf godheoeh Rkvkfifofigo yfihhhjvkj Diego’s Levi’s orbit she Goeoshodvodvdbrhoeveoeboej 
An issu -causes the app crashing after launching- must be fixed in a soon update.
Every once in a while, when I open the app it bugs out and crashes.  This is with an iPhone 8 
Recent version includes so much advertising between everyone’s feeds.  Slow for videos sometimes without sound.
App keeps crashing. Have deleted the app and reinstalled and it still keeps crashing after about 5 minutes. What’s going on?
Not as good as redtube.
Sign out of the Facebook app right after running from iOS
Among the many things that get worse every update, god help you if right in the middle of reading your newsfeed you’re locked out for “we need to verify your identity”. Welcome then to UX Design & Customer Experience nightmare endless loop hell. Get the security code by text, call and URL in various numbers, copy paste or type it correctly, and keep going back to same blocking page.  Even worse, clicking the “I’m having trouble with this step” takes you to a short list of links, clicking on the relevant one of which actually mind numbingly brings you back to the Submit Code page. Worst UX Design and quality control ever.  But, wait, there’s more! Even if you click on the unlocking URL sent to your phone, it generates a Thank You but logging back to FB still has you blocked.  Oh, in the bedtime your page goes dark on all your friends and they can’t message you thinking you blocked them or disappeared.  In the meantime, every day you will get a dozen fake profile friend requests. So much market capitalization and money but FaceBook can’t detect this pattern: Hot looking chick posts one profile picture, no cover photo, makes one post with a Google short URL to a sex site, and sends friend requests to hundreds of dudes. But FB algorithms can’t detect that basic pattern. Duh.  Other irritations include FB spamming you with “Notifications” of activity on your page when in fact it’s just their own spam saying how you should promote this or that post.  Newest UX Design irritation is when you Share something to a few pages, or groups, EVERY time a ridiculous Posted blue notification across the screen prevents you from your next step of choosing a group and then additionally shoves in repeatedly ways to promote the same post, over and over.  Many more frustrations I could share but hey I can’t even use the app now. 
Awesome is you are a Russian trying to sway elections or a Nazi looking to reconnect w your peeps and set up a march to save a Lee statue.
I don’t want to see things from 2.5 weeks ago over and over every time I open the app. I want to see things from today. Same as Instagram, this is the stupidest thing and makes me not want to use either app at all. Popularity isn’t the reason I signed up for them. Thanks for messing them up!
No matter how many updates there has been in the past two months or so my home feed page keeps rebooting and only shows a couple of my friends stories or posts. This keeps happening so I can’t scroll down to see past post, comments or articles. Some days I only see what was recently posted and before you know it my app refreshes and everything is gone again!
I can only open video but videos map and similar videos aren’t appear in iPhone
This app crashes constantly and takes forever to load anything since I updated it.
I don’t have the option to scroll down for “similar” videos anymore. It’s just the video I click on and that’s it.
Getting better but still buggy
The size is too much
The app just crashes over and over again. So frustrating!!!
Why can I not get the marketplace icon on this phone but my other I can??? I cannot use market place at all even on website as it says it’s temporarily unavailable. What’s the point of it if it not even work??? Please fix ASAP!!! The app and iOS is updated to latest version also
I have a problem that I can not upload photos to facebook
The auto-expansion to full window for videos is beyond annoying. I am considering abandoning the app due to this constant annoyance. Makes the feed unusable.
The app keeps crashing on my phone and also my mom’s and friends’ 🤦🏻‍♂️
After doing the latest update, my videos or gifs won’t auto play and my settings are correct. I have it set on auto play but they still won’t play. Frustrating!!
Whether you choose “top stories” or “most recent”, the news feed consists of a mishmash of posts from 15 minutes ago, and then leaps to last Thursday. What happened in between those times?  Also, enough with the “people you may know” - please give members an option to turn that off. Not everyone wants to have 1,600 friends. I’d rather see relevant posts from existing friends instead of 3 different sets of people I’m not connected to on Facebook.
I was trying to post 20-30 minute sermons from a small Baptist Church and after a while... they started blocking them. When I complained they FILLED my device to the point I couldn’t use it. When I deleted the app my phone was empty except for the running system 8GB and 1GB of personal ie photos and messages. Yet they post all manner of VULGAR propaganda.
It always crashes and it freezes up my phone.
It crashes frequently after the update. Not usable !
I’m not updating Facebook anymore, until it starts telling me what exactly the update is before I hit the button-they add/delete features and give no warning other than “oh we be updating and improving blah blah blah”.  How about this: we are removing XXX feature or we are adding XXX feature Instead of just being all we’re making improvements to the app. when you lose features you really like, that’s not an improvement!
The newest update of fb isnt worked on my phone! 😡
App won’t open now.
More crashes, inconvenient UI, much lagging, etc..  What’s wrong with nowadays? Older version of Facebook would be better than current. 
My wifi works fine on my other apps but this, it says there’s something wrong with the conmection on the search engine. It doesn’t work
Huge downloads... Inconsistent interface between platforms ... No idea what changed between versions Ignoring customer requests  And forced to load another pile of bloatware to perform basic messaging  Your games of endless “new updates” to hide poor reviews... won’t work... 
It doesn’t pick up where I left off if I switch apps like it used to. It just starts my feed over to things I’ve already seen. Which is really annoying.
Freezes CONSTANTLY. If it weren’t for the benefits of FB I would delete this app that turns my phone into a paperweight.
FB is and has been fully aware of their role in the “bot culture” on social media & politics. Thousands of fake profiles & comments were reported back to them - they knew it was happening, as did most savvy users. Not only did they do nothing, they: - responded with: “you can block the offensive Nazi person - changed the comments algorithm so that rather than the most “liked” comments showing first, they highlight comments w the most responses. This may sound like NBD, but it has majorly changed the way users are presented with peers’ opinions. They are purposely highlighting divisive comments, while “hiding” the responses - and it is obviously not a mistake.   They’re consciously stirring the pot - and capitalizing. Hope they’re listening. Brilliant platform, disappointing leadership decisions. 
F***ing liberal gun hating tide pod loving morons.
The app crashes a lot
0966905231
Sick of seeing all the ads not to mention when refreshes all’s I see is yesterday’s post so annoying
Facebook takes away ability to approve comment on timeline or picture before it appears on your profile. Like really, we have some annoying family member who comment on every of your picture or status but you don’t want to unfriend or block them because they live around the globe. Just want to approve or decline what they post on your profile
Facebook has blocked me from marketplace with no explanation! Apparently they have a rule that says if you use a feature too often they can block you! It can be a few hours or a few days. They have the audacity to suggest that you appeal the decision by submitting your drivers license but according to their rules Facebook won’t remove the block! Why recommend submitting identification if your own policy says that they won’t remove the block!! Ridiculous and extremely frustrating 😡
It will not even let me download this app
This pop up that keeps telling me that FB will award free items is making it impossible to read articles.  PLEASE fix it! 
What ever you did with this update the market place is going weird things
No se porque en mi ipad esta app no sale la sección de explorar
Facebook is a great app but I think possibly giving it a different look could get some younger people using it. Most people use Instagram now and I think with some nice updates or something to interest more people it would be downloaded more!
Your latest update is stupid. Won’t let me set up a password or choose not now. App is frozen and won’t let me do anything 🙄
It’s getting pretty excessive please fix this ASAP
Muy buena aplicacion
Since the most recent update, notifications don’t clear unless you click on everyone one of them under notifications. I already checked them and none want me to look at them closer. So clear already.
There is a market place button on the app itself for people who are interested in stuff like that, it doesn’t need to be on ones timeline.  No matter how many times you click hide or say you don’t wanna see it, it keeps putting ads, often the same ones.  Also, when it asks why you don’t wanna see them, there’s no option to write or check anything.
It\'s probably the worst it\'s ever been I literally can\'t stand wasting anymore of my time watching stuff load as I\'ve got the best service offered even on Wi-Fi it\'s junk
No idea what happened here but the font is so large on my iPhone in the market place I can’t read my searches.  Yet in my normal FB feed and walls everything is normal!
Um what happened to my Facebook marketplace 🤔
No privacy whatsoever.
I do not wish to have this app use my cellular data. Unfortunately, it can’t be disabled. You can’t force me to allow your app to be constantly connected via a data connection that I pay for. This is my phone and my service. If I’m not in control, I’m not a user. #Deleted
This app has gone from mediocre to poor in one day. C’mon developers, FIX this!!!😠
Best app ever
This app reverts some of my preferences with every update, which seems to bring nothing more than more ads that are so targeted it’s creepy. Not something I’d like to have in my phone
To many fake porn star accounts added me so they took my page down now i cant log back in and ganna lose 4.2k worth if fans/friends thanks a lot Facebook
It’s Facebook that we love. But the app notifications are crazy. Even if you disable the notifications for specific feature, you will still be notified by new other feature. It’s just like say hey come and open the app, it’s been a while since you opened it.
Good app, use it almost every day
Within the last few months something has changed. The program crashes whenever I try to view recent replies to posts. Makes it impossible to use.
Facebook curates content and makes it “trend”. It’s clear the topics have a very biased political bent.
Since the update I get this annoying screen instead of seeing birthdays or my feature photos. Get the lead out.
Please help I have now lost Facebook Messenger and Bitmoji off of my IPhone 7 please help going crazy shows open but can’t click on
Ever since this new update (159.0), Facebook crashes on me. No idea why but it’s super annoying. Other than that, Facebook helps me keep in contact with my old friends and family, and for that I appreciate them.   Please fix the app so it stops crashing though. Thanks :) 
It just eats my battery, all the time. Even when my phone is not being used. 39% when sitting idle. Notifications are off and it still is using data and draining my battery. There is no reason the app needs to be nearly 300 mb is size. I uninstalled it and will stick with a browser bookmark and save myself the constant video ads and other nonsense
I now have no cell phone.......how do I change ANY INFORMATION without one?  I want to use my landline as I have since I began using Facebook and every other site that requested a phone no. Going back to AOL.....
New app update keeps crashing! Crashed 6 times in 3 minutes
Dear Mark and his developers   You exceeded 150MB download requiry’s in apple iphone apple program mobile devices to download apps at 0-150MB any exceed more than that dowload will not proceed fix app on ios devices to be at requiry 50-150mb only please   Thank you sir 
I turn off my in-app sounds and set my videos to NOT start with sound because that’s the way I want it to be. For some reason, both these switches get toggled every other day or do and I have to go back and switch them off again. This is extremely annoying and I will continue to give 1-Star reviews until this is fixed.
ممتاز
I recently did an update on my iphone and can no longer log in to my Facebook account because I didn’t update my account info and i no longer have access to the phone or email i originally set up Facebook account with. Which means that i can’t access the code that’s being generated for me to login. I can’t see it Facebook! Please fix this!! Technology is too much advanced for a person to not be able to get into their Facebook account. This is poor negligence on face book’s part. I have also provided government issued ID through face book self help steps and still haven’t been able to get in!!!!!  Nobody has contacted member s month now!! Forgot password should prompt you to enter an email address or new phone number and get code through new number!!! Get with it FACEBOOK!! You are behind!!!
How about fixing the autoplay feature?  Or, ya know, put the option back for the random people you removed it from?
I hate when I’m reading a article on Facebook then I lock my phone to read it when I’m finished what I’m doing and when I got back to the app it refreshes and sends me back to my wall then I can’t find the article that I was reading since it refreshed ok its own
I loved
App turns sound back on all the time randomly. It’s not even on updates. It just turns back on. I hate it and they never respond to my emails.
Every time I have your app installed on my phone and logged in I feel like my neck is being microwaved.  That is why I log out and uninstall app.
Fb is out of control with their control on us even if u don’t use the app. And u can’t ever sign out of messenger. Go ahead n try. It’s so big n takes so much space anymore because they need the room to wire u. They constantly tracking n listening to us. It’s out grown itself and just isn’t the same. Shady inventor with a shady site. Go ahead sheep, enjoy fb. U been warned.
Actualizo Facebook y de repente mi cuenta se inhabilitó esto es una basura
It keep on crashes down after last update
It REALLY IS too bad we can’t give a NEGATIVE rating... I would rate about a -15 with as quickly as the spam keeps multiplying  Updated 02/12/2018 ~ !!! EVEN MORE SPAMTASTIC THAN BEFORE !!! Now, you not only get false suggestions from friends, but they spam your newsfeed constantly with useless trash from the joke they call the marketplace WHICH DOES NOT GIVE YOU THE OPTION TO REPORT IT AS SPAM!!! Time to make the full jump to a useful app like twitter or google+. DO NOT USE... well, unless all you want to see are “suggested” pages “by friends” (NOTE: the friends I tagged in screenshots were pretty surprised by the “suggestions” as NONE TAGGED ACTUALLY SUGGESTED ANYTHING) chalk it up to programmer spammers... hope you want to see all the useless crap people are trying to sell on the marketplace all over the newsfeed because that is what you will get!!! Spammer programmers at it x2 & THEY DO NOT ALLOW YOU TO REPORT THE SPAM THEY CLUTTER YOUR NEWSFEED WITH EVERY 2-3 posts you MIGHT want to see... unfortunately they also like to include at least 1 “sponsored” post in those 2-3 & what is a “sponsored” post?!? MORE SPAM FROM THE SPAMMER PROGRAMMERS!!!  App gets worse with every “update” with crapbook, they should call them “up yours” because pretty soon, they are gonna bend ALL of the users over & screw them royally. 
It\'s the Facebook app. What more can you say?
Quit being like dumb Instagram and showing me posts from 5 days ago first thing. I want my feed in order of posts. Not random!!
Please stop changing my settings every time you send an update! I don’t want in app sounds on nor do I want my videos to play with sound and with every update sent it some how is turned back on! Please stop!!
Even on iPhone 8 Plus app began to work slow. Genius work in Facebook. They can screw up everything.
I love Facebook but I see the same posts in my news feed all day long, even after I’ve liked or reacted to that post. Why not make it where a post is removed from your newsfeed after you react to it? That would increase people actually reacting to posts (to get rid of them) and I’d actually see more than 10% of my friends posts.
I am using iPhone SE with the latest ios. After updating facebook (latest version) its starts crashing frequently. Fix the issue please
In my opinion I strongly believe this would be a great investment for your company, with the release of LitePay later this month it’s only a matter of time before a major partnership is forged I see good things happening to the first major company to get ahead of this. Best of luck and keep up the good work! #BuyLitecoin #PayWithLitecoin
Facebook’s peddling of an Always On VPN app in order for them to spy on your traffic and see what users do outside of Facebook under the premise of “protecting from malicious websites” is a bridge too far.
A ton of people have problems with the marketplace not appearing in the app and no one from Facebook will shows how to fix this issue
Whenever I try to add a filter and graphic to a post with a photo, fb slows and closes me out of the app. So frustrating because I can’t edit any photos now.
This is crap.  I got a new phone and I can’t log into my Facebook page.  You make it too difficult.
I\'m not sure what you did, but I only see posts from about a dozen friends now and it never gives me fresh content. Horrible. Plus didn\'t you help the Russians?!
F u c k this s h it it horrible it gave me herpes
It's a great app!
The Last version keep crashing on iPhone X ...!
Could you advise please
And please modernize UI
Not serious From You Mark ? This app is a desaster !
To be honest Facebook seems like a good place for families to communicate and things like that but I have seen what it can do. It totally takes over people’s mind where they feel more obligated to care about people’s lives on a the screen to look up and talk to the person right in front of you. I feel I had to say this because people behavior when on Facebook is absolutely ridiculous and it has caused me to despise Facebook and it’s terrible outcomes
Posting, browsing the feed, reacting others’ posts all work as expected. My issue is with notifications. Until about a month ago, all was well. Then, something changed. The number of notifications on the app “badge” (you know, the little red circle on the home screen) NEVER matches my actual number when I open the app. Ill see “15” in the circle, then open the app to find I only have 2 or 3 actual notifications. If Facebook can fix that, I’ll give the app 4, possibly 5 stars. Until then, meh.... it’s just your average, run-of-the-mill app.
Would like my close friends, family and acquaintance feeds list to be available again. The only thing listed under feeds via my mobile phone app is recents.
If your on Facebook good luck, all they want is advertisers, Bottom line MONEY... if you have an issue with your account, THERE IS NO SUPPORT and you will not get any responses from anyone... or any ad money back.
I cant use it after update ... when i wanna open some post or share it comes out from app
It won’t let me post photo comments
Why did you get rid of the friend count? I liked knowing how many friends I had and now it’s gone. Please put it back.
Remove ad videos
In the notifications, occasionally some of the notifications don’t open when you press on them in the app.
So is anyone else getting the fake notifications too? It\'ll put the notification number up for stuff you\'ve turned off. And it\'ll often show an update just to have you open the app. You can refresh all day and see there\'s not actually a new notification, FaceBook just likes to see that we open it often.   There\'s a specific place for Facebook to leave info on what the update contains. Instead they copy paste the same crap about updating every 2 weeks, like having it scheduled makes anything better. Please leave information on what the update does. Take your time, work on making a streamlined app that functions well, not pumping updates out as fast as you can.  The app is still riddled with little BS problems. Issues they\'ve received plenty of e-mails and support submissions over. I\'d love to tell you that they\'re working on it, but there\'s no way to actually talk to FB support, because there isn\'t any. Stop forsaking your users for the sake of...an \"update\" twice a month. What does that even accomplish? 
What’s up with me having to change my name and upload a photo id?
When I used to watch a video on Facebook, after it ended, I would be able to scroll down and find other similar videos to watch. I liked that feature, but after a recent update, I can’t do that anymore. That saddens me.
Stop listening to my conversations and showing adds that prove that you’re doing so, or I will delete Facebook forever. Creeps.
Piece Of Shunk! I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE BECAUSE IT CRASHES EVERY SINGLE TIME I TRY TO OPEN IT. GARBAGE!!! Even free garbage is still garbage. Disappointed!
The red notification count on the app button will show that I have more notifications than I do, even saying I have multiple notifications when there are none.
They are marking my comments as spam I’m totally censored what’s the point of having Facebook? So they can access my mic and camera without any consent!!!
This app is really useless. Facebook made it so messy and complicated that it\'s constantly crashing. Every time you go to play a video, it just freezes up after a few seconds of watching. Comments don\'t load and/or take forever to load. My newsfeed should show ALL my friends\' events and postings in the order that they are posted, not in the order that Facebook thinks I should view them. I don’t want to see posts from a week ago. I\'m also really tired of the new camera feature that pops up and gets stuck on screen every time I accidentally swipe my finger a bit in the wrong direction. All these swiping actions need to go bye-bye. They ruin the whole Facebook experience because it\'s impossible to not accidentally swipe one way or the other and lose your place in what you were trying to view. If you turn your head to do something else for a few minutes and try to go back to reading your newsfeed, it has automatically returned to the beginning every time. Extremely annoying. It should stay in the position that I left off. And what moron decided that users need an entirely separate app to send messages? Facebook and Facebook Messenger should be integrated into one app. Also, stop with all the useless updates every other day. In conclusion, this app is a total mess. It looks like something a 3rd-grader with OCD designed. Get back to simplicity, so maybe the app can handle the basics, without crashing all the time.
They keep banning me over the dumbest things. Too wussified for me apparently. Y’all need to not be so soft
The app does not let login it always states \" network error try again\" while the internet is fine
Facebook is complicit in showing ads from fake sources and stirring up problems in elections in the US.
I got hacked whole Facebook And messenger can’t get in my broadcasting app sorry fans don’t download I’ve used Facebook for years now I say take it off the App Store trash now don’t download
😎👌🏻👍🏻👍🏻
I haven’t been able to view videos on Facebook since the recent update. It plays 2 seconds and stops. I am connected to WiFi and all my other apps work.
This must be the slowest app ever. Loading it up on the browser is faster than this. It is over monetized with more ads and promotions than the things I want to see.
Everyone has the marketplace feature except me. I had it on my other phone but not here for some reason.
Facebook censors at the request of Russia. Not an American thing to do. Deleting my account.
🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
Remember when you could watch a video all the way through BEFORE an ad would interrupt?? I don’t! The last few updates I haven’t been able to watch a video without being interrupted in the middle for some stupid ad! Please fix this Facebook!
I do not at all like the split key board.  Please put it back the way it was.
Yes I like Facebook for iPad! Thank-you  I do not do a lot on FaceBook but what I do do I like! I like hearing from my family and seeing the wonderful pictures! I did have a problem so I changed my passwords and things! I hope it took care of the problem. 
I bought a new iPad to replace my old one. Almost immediately I began receiving suspicious activity notices, and there was no human at a help desk for this unusual problem. So I created a new computer name for the new iPad and tried to set up a new account. Dozens of email apps, user ids, codes, and passwords later, and I still can’t log on. The few times I actually got through filling in blanks, FB asked for a photo to verify my identity. Most of the time I got no response at all. One time I got a message that the (same profile) photo was the wrong size. Another time I was told they couldn’t identify the photo.
Out of order, too many ads, videos play automatically, what else could go wrong? Oh, requires ads on videos, too many sponsors... seriously? Give us the old plain Jane Facebook back. I’m tired of seeing the same posts at the top all the time.
Updates after updates after updates. It’s become quite annoying just to get that little red “1” off my phone.  :/ 
App was very laggy. Crashes on iphone 6plus and 5s
People need to realize that apps constantly need to update because you update your personal information on your device constantly. That is the case with Facebook. They also use your info to push ads. This app has become horrible. They have done nothing but complicate things. Eventually someone will creat an app that will be better than Facebook without all the extra crap like sponsored videos and propaganda!!! You see how concerned they are with all their replies to people complaining of how they completely ruined Facebook????
I think Facebook has some problems I keep getting news feeds at least a week old and only news feeds from the same ten or so people all the time you need to get your act together very disappointing
Keeps crashing since new update today
Put the feed in order of time posted. Seriously.
Several versions have past and live streams are not being scaled for iPhone X resolution playout in widescreen.  Please add some QA for this.
I'm  tired of my news I have almost 5.000 friends and I only see the 3 same news all day all week omg and pp who I want to see I can't I have to go to their wall 😓 also all that add constantly omg they really border me a lot 😤 bad fb 😡 !
300mg is too much!!!!!
Want to find your previous post? Good luck.   Want all the easy navigation it once provided? Sorry they did not think important.    Get more personal tracking of what you do? It’s free for you so they can sell information.   I won’t delete yet. My hopes are someone will launch new applications. Until then I refuse to do anything other than communication with members.   No more news, better other places.  No more reading suggested places. 
I have not been able to access the marketplace since it became a thing. The little icon never shows up. When I am able to get to it (usually if someone has linked something to me) my app crashes and exits me out. It’s starting to get really annoying. I’d like to use it, but I can’t.
I repeat,🖕🏽you Facebook.   You’re racist and you allow people to BULLY through the reporting function. It’s completely unfair. So, again, 🖕🏽 you Facebook. 
You start by removing price tags on the marketplace page so now I have to click each individual post to see pricing.. Then you start cramming ads down our throats.. like newsfeed ads weren’t enough? And the latest in your line of “improvements” is the new layout. You give no option to hide the home rentals and shops sections. I don’t care to see all these home rentals and other various items of minimal relevance. Please consider this when developing your next “game changing update”😒
It’s turning into nothing more than a troll platform and FB is doing nothing about it. Pathetic
It seems like I have to update Facebook every other day Not to mention the same goes for every app i have, talk about sickening already. Would love it if you guys got it right the first time or maybe an update once a month but this every other day is really sickening I’m about to delete the app and just go online because its less BS to deal with.
Recently, my notifications on pages have become excessively redundant. I have hundreds of notifications to sift through, because every new reaction or comment is a new notification while keeping previous ones in queue. But it updates the previous ones quantity. So now I have 50 notifications saying 43, 78, 122, 7 ppl reacted to your posts, without names just faces. The app was near perfect six months ago. Go back to that, please.
App download size keeps getting bigger and bigger with each update?! Taking up more storage.
Facebook has gotten out of control, the overshared misinformation, the overwhelming amount of notifications I receive, the irrelevant advertisements, the “video” photo memes... I deleted both this app and messenger. I’ll use it on my computer instead. 
What are you doing? every day again update Facebook!! stop this work I\'m very angry
It won’t send me codes to reset my emails
I am so frustrated with the Facebook application. This app has so many issues it’s not even fun to use anymore. I have posted several sentimental videos overtime that I no longer have due to loss of my devices. And now I can’t see them on my Facebook either as Facebook has removed the entire video album from MY Facebook. I also cannot view videos that my Facebook friends have posted as well. In addition to this, profile content is not loading completely and I cannot see the most recent postings. I checked my other Facebook and it’s not due to privacy issues. This is very frustrating and has turned me off from even using Facebook.
My session was expired? And I don’t know my password and now i can’t log in! Please make it easier to reset passwords! My name won’t even pop up. Only about 8 people with my same name will pop up and the help center is no help!!! Is there someone I can call to rest my password? Every time it says to send verification through email it just makes me reset my email password which isn’t even linked to my Facebook, my number is! I wish it was easy to change my unknown password. Please get this fixed! Also I don’t know if I was suspended from Facebook or what does “session expired” even means?!?!?
I want to see posts from all of my friends as they are posted and should not have to decide which 26 friends posts to see first. That is the most stupid algorithm ever.  I’m sure Mr. Z has more than 26 friends he wants to hear from ASAP and doesn’t have to list who he wants to see first. I’m doing my genealogy of my dad’s family and want to see posts immediately, not several days later.  Thank you.
Videos skip and barely plays on Chromecast matter of fact it’s worst that my phone, timeline out order it’s a “time line” why is it going all out of order. Stories are completely stupid, my posts doesn’t show up on others timeline until 8 - 12 hours later... just throw the whole app away🚮
Where is the video albums ?! I can’t look at anyone’s video albums not mine ! The update gets worse and worse !
Why won’t this let me reconnect to Facebook without a photo. I don’t want my face on there for privacy reasons.
I am not getting on the same page I used to be. I want to be reconnected to the site that has I have the best family for a title. I am now on Facebook .com and I am not getting any of my posts on or getting my friends posts . Please put me back if you can.  Thank you!
The new version is so full of ads, that I am seriously considering getting off Facebook for awhile. I delete or snooze that same ads daily. Some of the features that work on the iPhone won’t work on the iPad. Also I used to be able to watch consecutive videos, now it won’t do that any more. I have reloaded this app 4 times to now avail.
Whenever i want to see my saved stuff it crashes EVERY time.
Bad game
add languge arabic in the facebook
You can’t even look at a post
I love this app because mostly all my friends & family are on it but it shows the news feed all out of order. I would like to see it chronologically. Today I had things popping up from 2 weeks ago.
I can’t like any posts or react to any posts without this message popping up saying an error occurred. I only have the options to press “This is a mistake” or “Ok”. I really need this fixed.
Video playback is the year 1998 😂👍
The new update is dumb,why I can’t like my all friends pose??need to fix it
App cannot load The lastest news or there is nothing to show even if It has already updated to the lastest version. I tried many ways to deal with it as delete browser history in account setting, re-install or force stop but it’s all unuseful.  Most of my Vietnamese friends who also using IOS phone have the same problem at least two week, so it’s hard for us to keep contact with each other via facebook. 
I don’t know how you managed it, but you did. Please fix this.
I joined Facebook for work two weeks ago. I had trouble with my password and then suddenly my account is disabled.  No reason give.  Facebook claims to have an “appeal policy” but has not responded to 4 requests for explanation.  Customer service?  Not!
Stop changing the app. Just about every update everything gets shuffled around and the way the videos on my newsfeed work changes. Stop changing the app or I will delete it
I don’t see any notifications on the notification tab even when I refresh the tab.
This version is too bad it make application close every each 5 or 10 minutes
Why is My Facebook Not opening??  I have tried all morning long and it’s just crashing!! It has been happening since some time but today it’s just not functioning!! Not happy 
Put messages in Facebook app. How selfish of Facebook to have 2 apps to take up space on your phone. Is there any way to combine the two???
The liberal bias with Facebook is so obvious & unexceptable!
For the love of Pete!!! Add the search option back to groups. This is a main feature of most buy, sale, trade groups.
In the latest update, Facebook is now including a feature called Protect, which despite their claims that it secures your connection, it actually sends all the data you browse over their servers and they spy on it to market to you! This is a serious breach of user privacy and this app needs to be pulled from the App Store until the spyware feature is removed!
I hate that a friend of a friend can message me then to make matters worse now anyone can message me , I want to just friends to message me period
Why is the marketplace broken down by category??? I want to see everything. How am I supposed to know what I want?! Marketplace was great for seeing something that you don't need. But seeing it on the marketplace helped you realize you wanted it!!!
The app is a mess always locking up the more they tweak it the bigger the mess
Too many privacy concerns. And drains battery.
This app is literally spyware. Uninstalling was the best thing I’ve done in my life. Gonna stay Away from Facebook as much as I can.
I’m searching for someone I know by going through friend’s friends list and once I get to a certain point (around D/C listed names), there’s a glitch in the app that shows a blank white space and brings me back to the middle of the names starting with A.
salamv
I have updated to the latest release for the iPhone and realized that my videos album is no longer visible in the mobile version of Facebook.  If I log into the desktop version of Facebook and view albums it’s visible.  Why is the videos album not visible on the mobile version of Facebook?    Please correct this issue. 
to bien
Like the title states, links cannot be opened without an intrusive ad popping up forcing you to click “ok” and then it redirects to more ads.
Ever since I had to update to the newest version the Facebook marketplace button is gone and I now have to search for it which is quite annoying. I highly doubt people actually use the annoying discover page just like no one uses it on Snapchat too. Make it simple again
I purchased the new IPhone X and downloaded the Facebook app and I have been waiting for three days now! What is the deal?
Prior to the recent update with putting friend recommendations on the top of the notifications rather than the notifications itself is really annoying especially since I get 5+ notifications a day as I manage two pages, plus administer a group. If I’m HONESTLY looking for friends I will search for them not having them SHOVED into my face!
Facebook is becoming more AD focused than anything else. AD’s about Valentines, Marketplace AD’s etch. This is far beyond why Facebook was created in the first place.
Since the newest update my app keeps crashing!
Since the last update, I’ve been facing huge difficulty entering Japanese! I cannot enter hiragana alone, so I ended up always entering hiragana and chinese letter together. Such a mess FB.
I’ve been of fb since almost the beginning. I think it’s fun, and funny.  I can read and share what I like. I’ve gotten some great tips with private groups I follow. I’m not all consumed or depressed by the use of fb. People with those issues would likely have them regardless of use. Keep up the good work team. 
Buenas tardes poseo problemas de pixelado al grabar desde mi iPhone X tanto en 4K como 1080. Alguna ayuda con esto? Gracias de antemano.
I hate the people you may know, market place, groups, shows, and places on Facebook. But instead of getting rid of it, they double down and double the size of them on the feed.
How do they consistently get worse with every update
You really ruined it with the swiping left for the camera and ended it with video ads. Really? Video ads? I didn't think you could become that trashy, facebook.
Bring back the most recent stories. Tired of seeing stuff that happened 2 weeks ago. Let me decide what I want to see first.
After last update can't even open app on iPhone 6.  Deleted, uploaded again and still didn't work.
Why can’t iPhone users get Facebook Marketplace?
Please strip back all the extra garbage that we don’t need or don’t ever use. It’s just bloating the app and taking up storage space on our phones. Let us choose add-ons we can download to “enrich” our Facebook experience if we want to. It’s so laggy now and full of unnecessary things. Also, let us see the events in order!! Same thing with Instagram since you bought them!! I know you paid engineers or developers tons of money to create that algorithm but PLEASE let us have at least the option to make it chronological.
Get rid of the advertisements!!!!
It seems with most new updates a newer problem is developed with pre-existing features with the app. I manage a group buy and sell page and it seems to no longer have the ability to move post to the top of the page when comment on or updated. It is a valued feature for our use. Please fix this. It helps maintain members interest when highly sought items go to the top. Thanks
I feel like every update gets rid of one of the more logical aspects of the app.   In previous versions, after sharing a post (without writing a post with it), a bar appeared at the top showing that it was successfully shared. This has since been removed, making it very easy to accidentally share a post multiple times before realizing it actually worked. If the phone is muted (like most people do), there is no way to know if it worked, besides visiting your profile, sometimes to discover it shared 5 or 6 times. This is such a small, unnecessary, and fixable problem, especially since it was once a nonissue. 
All of these updates and still we can’t highlight passages to stand out, no use of color text, etc. make it fun again..
Fake advertising. Fake accounts. Fake people! Facebook keeps removing my review... so I’ll be sure to repost often 
App is in arguably the worst shape it’s ever been in. Freezes and crashes are as common as it working, scrolling freezes, high bandwidth, cluttered.  This app doesn’t deserve to have 4 or 5 stars and it’s easy to see why Facebook usage is dwindling.  Ya’ll better shape up or you’re gonna go the way of MySpace. 
Why am I getting to the end of available posts now. It gets to the point where I can’t see anything that has been post and either gives me the little dot at the bottom or says this is the end of available information. This is dumb. Please change it back!
To my IPad why won’t it down load here. I have it on my hp table? Why does it always say I having pending post?  Why do I only see some of my friends but not all there post? Why do I keep seeing the same post? Am ready to just remove Facebook all together
It doesn’t matter if I’m on WiFi, Cellular, or anything! The videos constantly don’t load quick enough to watch anything. I could be inside of a cellular tower and it doesn’t load videos on my phone.
It keeps getting worse and worse with every update!
TOO MUCH DRAMA ON FACEBOOK THIS APP IS HELL
I absolutely love Facebook & all the new features it is steadily putting out for everyone. The only thing I would say I dislike is the fact that you have a friend limit. I think you should lose the follower thing and just make the friend count unlimited like how MySpace used to be. Most Facebook games you have to be friends with people in order to help and get help in return, and with the limits of how many friends you can have that makes it hard. I think this is something you should look into improving on. :) other than that the app is great! Keep it up.
How about putting in a dark mode feature in the Facebook app? That would helpful with peoples’ eyesight.
App is more worried about forcing marketplace items for sale, ads for products, and suggests my crap than showing the user what is important to them.   When the advertising is intrusive and overtakes the the experience then the app is useless.
Both mentally and physically (more than I already am/was before facebook) Right now I am deactivated..... (probably won't last long).... I wish facebook was never born. If facebook was a baby? Then it should have been aborted because it's an abomination. I normally like things that most people would deem as "evil".... but this? I just can't get behind it.... it's not "evil in a cool way".... it's actually evil in a lame way... Deactivation Day is on June 15th if anyone cares. That's a day where I'm trying to get the entire world to deactivate Facebook for 24 hours. Though I feel like Don Quixote. Give it a shot maybe? Lets get some of our humanity back..... Anyone out there resent Facebook like me? I mean the "Legacy Contact" cornering when you choose to "deactivate". The "30 friends limited newsfeed" etc..... the list goes on and on. They are trying to make us define our own sense of mortality and human communication with Facebook. We are mortal, we will communicate without Facebook.
Facebook is such a shameful waste of time!  I realized how much time I was spending on it and then had the realization that I didn’t ever want my kids to look back at their childhood and see me on my phone (on Facebook).
Becky L Cantu
Whenever I get a notification from a group I am it doesn’t show up. I get the same results every single time and the same posts even though it says someone new has posted.
Please stop turning sounds back on. I have to turn those off after each update.
I love Facebook but lately I haven't been able to have multiple videos show one after the other after playing a video on my wall. What happened to the feature?
If you want to spend time on an app featuring old people arguing about politics, choke full of ads, where your every move on the internet is recorded and correlated with creepy experian data to charge higher rates for said ads—FB is the place for you. And it still excels at spreading fake news.
So many ads everywhere. It would be nice to not see them at all. On the app and on the external links. Get rid of them.
I don't understand how the app in the app store says that the app only weighs like 285 mb & in the settings on my device it says 468 & 245 of document & data. This is complete & utter bullsh*t. The updates do nothing but take space in the storage, & it's the same with the messenger app. The same bugs still appears in both apps. Possibly, one of the worst apps about social media, but I guess I understand now why people hate Apple.
It's annoying. Don't like that 👎🏻👎🏻❗️.  WAY TO MANY UPDATES !!!  Enough already!! 
I don’t know what I want but I’ll be home soon
It’s hanging mostly while using and I hate the story feature which every time I accidentally swipe the screen!!! Please fix it!!! 
Developers don’t even read the complaints. Same issues and the updates are nothing new. It’s the same message every time there’s an update. Some videos don’t even have sound for some reason it’s ridiculous and no it’s not my phone. I shared a video cause I laughed at the stuff that was being said then played it again an hour later and now I can’t hear it and I haven’t messed with volume or anything because the next video has sound and it’s not the first time it’s happened to me. But of course you won’t fix it. You’ll just add more Mb of update for nothing. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Facebook wants users to see so much content, that the wall continually refreshes. there is no logical order, so posts are often difficult to find once they've been scrolled from my phone. the app is a mess. nothing but a frustrating user experience. customer service page is unhelpful. the only good thing about it is that I'm no longer interested in spending much time on it.
I don’t like the new update I wish you can keep the old one and if you can change something better I don’t mind but it not so why changes.
There are so many things wrong I don’t know where to start. The main this is my newsfeed isnt updating anymore on my phone or iPad, the feeds link on my laptop shows all the posts that I am missing. Why doesn’t it show up in the app the same way?
Regular updates nothing changes still the same stupid app newsfeed should be most recent not random still no app for Apple Watch videos pause more than ever no trouble anywhere else no point in having app better off using Safari.
No marketplace
I have been trying for weeks  Download Facebook App.  Now have use Safari or Google to approach your app. Also when I finally get thru I have re-Enter gmail acc, Password every time. Close 2 months , I’ve  Had enough!!!!!!!! 
The new update freezes, crashes, jumps (while your looking at the feed, it will automatically scroll back up a few pages).
The current update is not working on my iPhone 7.
Hi,plz add for Facebook videos change video speed to increase video speed playing 😊
Bom,vocês poderiam deixar assim para iOS anteriores...porque se nós precisamos ver algum status (Facebook) relacionado a emprego ou algo do tipo não poderemos ver...e além do + esse designer de iOS 8 é muito bonito,seria legal ter em um iOS 7.1.2...
Can’t remember the last time I’ve seen a worthwhile update.
I check my settings and I have autpolay for videos turned on but it is not working! I don’t want to have to click each video (and therefore have the sound turned on!!!!!) for each video! I want them to airplay without sound within the newsfeed like they used to. Also I don’t like the new newsfeed focused on friends. I liked the content I had before. I don’t want to see random friends posting crap I’m not interested in. I want to watch Tasty videos and read HONY posts. The only option is to click “see first” but this then overtakes everything making it overly obnoxious. I just want that stuff incorporated with everything else. I used to be able to refresh the feed and see all sorts of new content. Now you refresh and it doesn’t do anything, just takes you back the the same handful of posts you’ve already seen. You’re ruining the experience. If I just wanted to see friends posts, I wouldn’t follow or like any other pages!!!
Annoyed by that “video upload” pop up. Get rid of it. Please
I'm not happy that FB publishes my location. Please fix or remove. I prefer not to have my location known. I’m also unhappy with Like buttons. They no longer work. Please fix. Thank you
Too many ads
I’ve noticed that some posts by certain groups used to be just pictures. Now those pictures have turned into pointless videos. Like what’s the point? That feature needs to be removed. If you post a video it’s a video. If you post a picture or meme it should not be a video unless the meme is a video. Like others, Facebook has changed and not for the better.
when u add a person u supposed to follow her or he also? i like it when u add and it automatically follow the person u add on facebook this version don't let my post get to my new and old friends on facebook! that’s trash 
Facebook made millions of an app but offers ZERO support to its users... my Facebook account is locked still online is just I can’t access and I found that hundreds of people locked out of there accounts and business’s effected yet where is the support?. Terrible!!
When you type in a friend's last name in search, it doesn't pull up their name, just an option to look at their pictures
Can’t find my video album anywhere  🤯😡😤
Recently switched from android to Apple....with my android there was an option on Facebook feed for videos in the lower right corner to play sound without opening the video. Does iOS?
The ap is terrible.....always freezing and changing the position...I’m ready to delete it!
I would give it five but I just can’t because I feel like the two things you guys need to add is color and customization/themes by this I mean you guys changed your logo but so slightly that barley anyone notices so you should change the color or design or something of the way the app looks and also allow customization so you can make your screen how ever you want by this I mean at the top of everyone’s Facebook it is dark blue we should have the choice to change the color or theme of the app it is really getting old having the same logo color and design for like 50 years now try something different and allow us to color change like how you do for messenger messages
I like how you have a most recent option, but I DON’T like the constant commercials in the videos. Why?
I will go to read something and then there is a pop up that I can’t back out of so I have to close out of the whole thing and start all over. Most of the time I don’t even go back to finish what I was reading because I was a few pages in. It is very annoying. I don’t care about free spins or about anything amazon has to offer. Just let me read what I was reading and leave me alone.
This update is broken it keeps crashing every time I start it !
Logging in only returns an error to please try again later. What a disappointment
So, I’m one of those people who have a bit of notification OCD. I don’t like having the little red numbers indicating I have a notification, and I realize I can turn this off but I like to know when I have a useful notification. With this new update it gives me notifications for things even after I’ve checked them, I have to physically click on every single notification for them to stop showing up on my home screen. Also, I don’t like to respond to friend request due to getting quite a lot at once usually, so I let them sit there until I feel like responding and now these notifications won’t go away either!!!
The apps have gotten over the top.  You had a really great product. The too mant hot shots got in there and did I think very foolish things.  BIG number one Bad decision.  Putting power button on right side of phone where holding phone gets D/C often.  Belongs on top!  My 6 plus has cheap feeling boyyontio fot volume on upper Left side where many would be gripping phone.  My 3GS feels so much sturdier works good my Husband very happy. I hope Apple improves and keep it a reliable sturdy product we have all chosen for Year and maintains quality materials and return to the appropriate power switch placements.
I have no access to marketplace, after countless updates it still won’t work
I’ve downloaded this app 4 different times today because it keeps malfunctioning. Comments are not loading. Videos are frozen. I’m over the app. I shouldn’t have to have these stupid apps when I would rather web browse from my device. Then I have to have messenger because they’ve permanently forced you to have both apps.
Why does the developer keep moving the news feed tab? Today it’s the 20th table from the top. Plus when I scroll through my friends list and stop only for a second. The list changes and I lose my spot. Why fix something that is not broken?
Why am i seeing posts from a week ago for the first time? How are we supposed to stay up to date on things if you don’t show them when they’re posted?
To many ads and in Messenger.
ADS IN THE MIDDLE OF VIDEOS??? FFS, ARE YOU FOR REAL, FB???
Since the last update, when you click on a video from the news feed, it only loads that video and is no longer showing subsequent videos on the feed. Also, the auto play seems not to be working. To top it off, after the video ends, its stuck on the screen and it’s very hard to slide it off to go back to the news feed.
Is this a joke? 469 MB??? You're out of control now FB! And to have to go for an additional 200(-/+) on top of that for the Messenger?!? You would need to offer something really special to justify the ridiculous size that just keeps consistently increasing. Do you even care at all what users are saying??? We need a zero stars option just for you guys. 
This app is very useful if you want to talk to your friends or family or maybe  even very distant cousin you don’t know nor do I that’s one of the many reasons that this app is very useful if you didn’t already knowThat this is a very useful app you must’ve looked at other reviews not mine I give straight and very useful reviews you can sell plenty of stuff keep up with your old friends family etc. even play games I don’t know nor do you it’s awesome if you haven’t gotten his game shame on you oops not game I meant app sorry anyways if you didn’t already know this app is very awesome you can keep up with many friends in very distant other ones in other words this app is awesome don’t believe other reviewer‘s believe mine I’m the only true one thank you actually I want so you know what Me up all my friends and family so I love this app if our you I would download this app on every single one of my devices
I want to know where you guys have hidden the videos I’ve uploaded. I keep looking and I’m not finding anything.
Seriously, THE most annoying new trend is the inserting of ads in the middle of almost every video.   Please Facebook, realize this is something that people hate and stop doing it. 
I’m fine with the ads in my timeline, but now ads IN THE MIDDLE of every video?
After recently upgrading from a 9.7” iPad to the 12.9” iPad Pro, this app has NOT been optimized for the larger screen. Everything looks scaled up and blurry (imagine running an iPhone app on the iPad). This is just a sign of laziness on the part of Facebook. If they really cared for user experiences, then this would have been fixed months (or years) ago. Instead, users are left with a subpar experience while they focus on other issues.
I keep getting stuck in loops. The same 3 or 4 stories will keep showing up. I’ve tried scrolling really fast, and it’ll show me all of these over and over. Never had this problem until the update. I have to restart the app to get it to load new content.
App was just fine until the last update now won’t let some one to scroll down past eight or ten updates/statuses before it just stops.
For some reason every time there is an update, it doesn't let me view anything that my friends have posted until they post something new. I feel like every time there is an update it gets worse
Most recent update keeps crashing on my iPhone X every time I try to access my Facebook group page. Very annoying.
•I have problems on iPhone 6s when verifying friendships. The new ones when looking for them and going to the recent ones, disappear and mix with the old requests. Then it is difficult to find them. Could you do something so that the recent ones stay in order and do not get lost among the others? •Tengo problemas en iPhone 6s al verificar amistades. Las nuevas al buscarlas e ir a las recientes, desaparecen y se mezclan con las solicitudes viejas. Luego es difícil encontrarlas. Podrían hacer algo para que las recientes se mantengan en el orden y no se pierdan entre las demás? 
Every time I try to switch from messenger to Facebook(example: friend send a link to a video or post) it crashes and it’s so annoying
Terrible for event planning. Worse on iPhone and terrible in general on a computer such and iMac or windows desktop. All the event section is everything but you. Any of the events you are hosting/admin of/created are not there. You have to search for them in your notifications. What a terrible user experience. You cannot even crate a shortcut to the event you host. FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE TO HOST THE EVENT!
Literally draining my iPad battery. 🤬🤬🤬🤬
I was trying to comment in chinese on one of my photos, but someone it was highlighted and not allow me to write more than 1 word, I deleted the app and reinstalled, still acting the same 😰 please fix it!
I go on facebook and watch a video or two. Then I try to exit the video and the screen just fades and you can’t do anything but wait till the app to crash. Really annoying because this has been going on for a while and facebook has done nothing to fix this issue!!
Constantly says no internet when there is perfect internet. Crashes. Bugs. Fix this!!
Since the latest update 2 days ago, my battery is discharging much faster than before.
I deleted all my feature photos to start them over where I wanted to put them and now the option is gone I really liked that and now I can’t use it. I don’t want to post a feature album that posts to my friends news feed! I want to change things on my profile with out the world knowing it! There should be a option if I want to change my profile picture or post a picture in a album to not post it in the newsfeed! The fosnapchat slide mode has got to go! It dosent work it freezes when you accidentally slide left. AND WHAT EVERY OTHER FACEBOOK USER HAS SAID AND BEGGED FOR SHOW EVERY SINGLE PERSONS POST IN ORDER! Or give us the setting to make our own set that way!!! I shouldn’t have to click “see in order” every time! I don’t want the forecast for the day from 3 days ago! Or Kroger’s 2 day weekend sale on Monday or the band I really wanted to see at a local bar playing on Saturday on Sunday! If there are certain people I want to see first like my kids and best friends I’ll set them to that! I hate having people come into work and say “did you see the picture I posted of my grandkid? no sally sue I didn’t because we don’t talk much on Facebook so Facebook chose not to show it to me!!!!!!! I wish someone would come up with a new site that wasn’t about keeping up with the Jones’s. Facebook was #1 for a reason I use to use Instagram more but not as much now because they are doing the same thing and now Snapchat guess we all need good old steady twitter
This app has gone downhill so bad, so fast. I really don’t understand why y’all have to make it so frustrating. I have the highest memory on my phone and I am constantly having “not enough space” issues.
Have these new “offers you may like” but the places are too far from my location and VERY hard to see where the locations are at. Please put the location on my news feed so I don’t have to click on each offer to see where this offer is.
..these years  Editing comments is STILL unbearable!  Facebook just cant seem to invent a way for the app to stay focused on the content i'm busy looking.  It loads new content, and that is what just causes my feed to scroll away from what I was busy looking at. Awful.  Also, when I pull down the video browser, I expect it to go away!  And Facebook keeps advertising Samdumb phones to me, after I told it a 1000 times NOT INTERESTED!! Eva. 
The app is good for the most part. If they could just load Recent posts by default instead of random posts from like a month ago, then they would get 5 stars.
Great y’all managed to ruin the most recent button too
Wow! I did not think any update could be worse then the previous. Congratulations on making it slower. Woo hoo. 😐
This update is terrible! I can’t open links to any other apps through the Facebook app! All it does it take me to the App Store.  Please fix this! It’s soooo frustrating! I need the link to open the app, not take me to the App Store - I already have the app, don’t need to download it! 
The new features change the icons and design so hard time getting use to. Facebook is also ripping off other apps such as my story from Snapchat and Explore Feed from Instagram. The new update make the app crashes especially when I open a link or my saved posts. There are glitches too if I check pages that I often see or like.
A fatal problem occured after the last update. The face book application does not work properly. It shut down when browsing. Please take that into consideration. 
My videos include live videos aren’t showing since the update
Trying to connect Facebook Live or any video for that matter on Facebook to play through Chromecast is not working. It causes the device to crash. Other apps are working with the Chromecast just fine (Netflix, YouTube, etc) however Facebook doesn’t.  Please fix soon! Thank you! 
Your updates ruined the app. It was working great until you updated the app recently, and now it won’t load video, or scroll without taking a few minutes to load.
I’ve used FB for several years now and I’ve even deleted FB a couple of times. And once again I’m considering deleting again. I’m tired of FB telling me that I have broken THEIR COMMUNITY standards and placing me in FB Jail. I have the right to say what I please here in America. FB has no right to tell me otherwise. If I don’t like someone or group of people, I have the right to say so. And today they’re people infiltrating our country that will eventually cause WARon American soil once again. FB is telling WE THE PEOPLE that we have no right to voice our dislikes about it.
Last update doesn’t have any sounds, a big company like this shouldn’t have those huge mistakes from update to another. Im using iphone x
I used to love the app with it making it easy to keep up with everything when I’m not using my computer. My problems now aren’t really with the app, but with Facebook itself. For some of us all their improvements have managed to make things a lot worse. Over the last few years I’ve been working through a lot of things and I wasn’t able to message anyone without feeling like they would only talk to me because they felt like they had to so I would end posting to my friends and just hoping someone would see it and be there. Where once there were people, now there are none. With some people, like myself, who struggle with anxiety, BPD, and other mental disorders, being able to talk to friends in a non confrontational way helps us a lot and now without them seeing the posts, it makes us feel like we’re alone and losing everyone. Before I realized the reason, thanks to having the same problems with my company and author pages, I really believed that everyone had simply stopped caring and was ignoring me even though I was getting better and my posts were starting to get more positive thanks to the constant support of my friends. It’s all definitely gotten a lot harder now that I’m lucky on the days even one person sees my posts whether good or bad and even though I know messaging is always an option I haven’t yet made enough progress for that so until I’m there I feel more than ever like I’m doing all this alone and all I can do is miss them until I work through everything that holds me back from really being able to talk to them, wondering all the time if any of them will still be there when I am.
Recently, this app has been lagging. The pictures won’t load properly and some don’t load at all. It also tells me I have notifications when I check there's nothing new.
You’re not a real member of society anymore unless you’re on Facebook. Life happens without inviting you, because this is where everything happens now.   This is a great place to get your fake news fix. If you want people who are as deluded as you to share with you links that support your fringe opinions, this app is wonderful.  If you’re upset that your iPhone battery just lasts too long, I’ve found this app all by itself consumes over 25% of my battery while spending most of its time in the background. This app uses more battery while doing NOTHING than FaceTime or Skype do while actively participating in a video call. What’s it doing?!?   I’m going to try being a bit of a pariah. I’ve uninstalled this and Facebook’s other creepy little app, Messenger. I want my battery back. 
Last update was very bad  Slow and logging out every minute so u need a new update 
I hate Facebook
I’ve seen multiple posts of friends and people in groups sharing their recently blocked post that weren’t offensive, but shared opinions on completely legal matters. This level of censorship chips away at what we expect social media to be about- sharing our experiences, feelings, and opinions about our life experiences.
Unable to update in iPhone X
Can not send videos to chromecast
Lame
The news feed won't load anymore. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it several times, restarted my phone, made sure it's the latest version, etc. You'd think for a multi billion dollar company they'd at least be able to make their app work.
I have fun in here
Facebooks use to be cool. However, it’s too laggy and choppy. And what’s up with these ads? No one cares for ads. My biggest let down is the saved videos. If you save a video, you expect it to be up and ready when you want it. If I want to find a saved video from last week, it will take forever to load the saved videos screen. Then it will take even longer to scroll down to find it. It will load practically no videos. Then when you do find the video. Get ready to wait an eternity to see the video. Oh good job it’s playing, wait there is an ad. Great the ad is over, but now there is lag. Fix your s*** facebook.
Remove the swipe to camera. Tired of opening it accidentally. And why in the world do I have to jump through hopes of I want to comment with a gif. On android Facebook app you just pick your own gif like you do a picture from your albums. Boom works fine. On ios version you just get a still pic. Why so much trouble?
Keep crashing every 5 10 seconds
I use this app in my iPad. I run several business pages. I have to constantly go back to the safari/browser version to be able to do what I need, but using the browser is cumbersome.   *no ability to change who I’m liking/commenting as. (On pages you should be able to like or comment as yourself or your page). *note, this also cannot be done in the pages app.  *cannot share albums from pages to groups or events.  *every time I try to go to insights for any of my pages it says cannot connect.   Just please make the app have the full capabilities that Facebook offers. 
I don’t care about the marketplace. I’ve never used the marketplace, and I have no intention of ever using it. Why it’s showing up in my feed, I don’t know and at least give us the option of turning it off. The more features the developers add, the worse the Facebook app gets.
I just installed this update and now my newsfeed won’t open! Time for another bug fix. 😡
Suddenly the search 🔍 option within a Facebook group is gone! How can I retrieve this option? It so made searching for info within a group so easy to find....  now I’m lost and confused..... !!!!!
You are a beautiful human with worth and value do not let these useless trash billionaires get even richer by selling pieces of your precious life.
I was fine until recently today, I made shared a post from IG and an error posting message came up. “Oops, were having issues with your post.” No try again button but an X to just clear the sign. like it had in previous updates, so after I clicked it to get rid of the grey posts. it erased it all and didn’t even let me go back and try again. So until this app gets back to being good at whats it’s meant for “sharing” I won’t be downloading and not picky on what people post  I’ll be using the browser.
For girls No intellectual content
My husbands account has been hacked. There is no way to contact someone at Facebook to have this account deactivated. The person who hacked his account is posting in an Arabic language and posting pictures of someone with guns. After multiple people reported my husbands account saying this is not the correct person, Facebook has suggest we block the user. The Facebook page with my pictures all over and I’m just supposed to block it. This is such an unacceptable response when safety and security are the issue.
not bad. but i lick it better when it was the old on. i mean i don’t hat it but it got to be a little better. just saying. i don’t hat it. again, i don’t hat it.
I receive pop ups that friend has posted in a group I’m in and when you click on it all it does is take you to the group not the post. And you can’t find the post. All I want is to be able to see the latest post. That doesn’t work with groups.
Please control it, way to big 👎👎👎
One of every three posts is now a recommended advertisement. Do not upgrade!!
Ok look, I love Facebook. I really do. Of all the mass digital big brothers selling my information to the Illuminati to better control my consumerism, Facebook is probably the one I’m most ok with. I range between comfortable with and resigned to the fact that this company probably knows me better than I know myself and has enough personal data on me to blackmail into oblivion. I’m fine with all that.  What I’m not fine with is living in a time where the technological capacity exists for facebook to activate my phone’s mic and listen for keywords to better target ads to me, yet the app takes 6 attempts to open. No matter how many new phones or software updates I progress through, Facebook remains the glitchiest, buggiest, least functional app I’ve ever used. Constant crashes, endless glitches and bugs, not to mention it routinely takes 45 seconds to a minute to actually open after its usual 4 opening crashes. Seriously Facebook, you can digitize the entire social framework of existence but you can’t program a functional app?  I know this kind of complaint is the epitome of first world problems, but please Facebook, I’m giving you my entire digital existence for you to buy and sell at will, can you at least make the process of me surrendering all privacy to my digital overlord a bit less of a glitchy slog? 
When people create a photo album and add pictures, make it to where you have to click on the album to see the photos. I'm tired of people adding 100 photos to an album and seeing all 100 photos in my news feed.
Since updating last night 2/9/18, I haven’t been able to get any new stories to load.
It would be nice if there was an update that would allow you to delete other accounts but still use current Facebook
Facebook’s gotta stop thinking “busy” and go back to thinking “simple.” ...and, for crissakes, fix the pinch/scroll feature freezing on pictures! C’mon - since the iPhone’s IOS 11.5.2 upgrade, things have headed downhill.
dear facebook...  do you even pay someone to read these reviews?     i havent seen a single replyvto any of them.   thats strange because i know you can afford it.   Ill give you more stars when you actually STARt giving a 💩.
Facebook needs to add the page mention feature in posts like they have for Android and PCs.
Like it just stops. Every single update is getting worse than ever. The app would just freeze unless I forced closed it and reopen it even sometime after that, it still freezes. Stop making it worse.
I got a brand new iPhone 8 Plus . Cannot access marketplace. If anybody has any recommendations please let me know.
Where is the Market Place Icon!!!!???
Videos are not playing through chrome cast I think after the app update facing this issue
So when is MOST RECENT yesterday??  When I select Most Recent to view TODAY’s posts in my group’s feed, it shows nothing from today. It goes backwards starting with yesterday. 
Facebook: stop parenting us on who we see in our newsfeeds, friends and fan pages alike!!! Also, your ‘boosts’ are completely waist of money! I’m lucky to reach half the amount of views you promise! I wish I could ask for a refund! I’m willing to pay for the advertising, if you give the service you promote!
everytime I watch a video an ad stops me from watching it. and every single time I am about to finish a video I am forced to auto watch another non related video for no any reason.....this is some poor quality dev decisions, a child could develop a better app. GL I am switching to a 3rd party app.
Its toooo much size
My app was working just fine till this update.... it won’t let me change my profile pic.
Now things do not show up in my feed until 24 hours later.   Friends post things that I can not see until hours later or I have to scroll through countless adds or suggested post.   Yesterday my feed did not change for over a hour despite friends posting things. 
I have lost functionality.  Within the last year they merged the FB Groups app with regular FB.  I wasn't happy about it and now I lost the ability to search within a group to find something specific.
Where the heck did the search tab go within groups? Searching the help section for any info is useless when none of the questions have been update for the newest updates. 🤬
Don’t like that I have to block people from following me! They were not invited and when I go to block “who is following me” my Facebook is frozen and I have to remove Facebook and reinstall it again!! These people are not from here and this is a invasion of my privacy!!
Put back the old version. I can no longer see the text I’m entering until I drop the keyboard.
Horrible!  It needs a complete redo!
Someone PLEASE tell Facebook to change the algorithms. People whom I don’t even know are showing up in my feed as opposed to people I actually speak to and see on a regular basis. I keep seeing news articles and ads I have absolutely NO interest in. None of my posts are getting exposure like they used to. All of my network is hidden. And my newsfeed is flooded with useless ads and memes. Every first of the month I get inundated with terrible advertisements that i have to spend hours hiding and reporting to get t off my feed.  Why!? Terrible terrible app. Someone needs to replace Facebook. Or I’m getting rid of mine
I got this app on my tablet but wil not load on cell smh
Pls fixed it. Other apps don’t have that problem.
There is a pervert adding people people on Facebook pretending to be a girl and exposes himself as a guy
App runs slow, app refreshes feed and takes me away from the content I want to be on every time I open it back up.  Your algorithm will never know what I want to see, I want to see my friends post in chronological order, not stuff from last week and 20 seconds ago together.  The fact that I need a separate app for messenger is a mistake.  Who made this, a 5-year old with no consideration to an organized structure?  My phone freezes every time I accidentally swipe right into your Facebook camera (Snapchat rip-off) and I’m sick of it.  Fire the imbecile that broke the app and make it good again.  We’re not all 8 year olds that want a disaster, bring back structure, bring back simplicity, lose the algorithms, stop controlling what we do and don’t see, lose the Snapchat stories at the top of the page  as nobody cares about them, that’s what Snapchat is for.
So now the latest annoyance with FB is when I watch a posted video and return to the postings it scrolls all the way back to the top. Then you need to scroll all the way back down again! What a pain! Please fix it.
The app is constantly logging out and requires entering account password every minute. Impossible to use
مهم للتواصل و الترابط الاجتماعي
Need more update
Love it
I have big problems every time I login and open the application it’s closed and go out to my home screen I am using IOS 11 with IPhone 8 Plus why I am facing this problem please help !!!
Very useful app for networking,making friends, and just altogether socializing. The market place synchronize is unreal!! I would absolutely recommend this app to any and everyone..
Newest update does not play next video like previous updates. iPhone X. I guess I will waste my time on some other app.
Videos have no sound. Sound works in all other apps so it’s not an issue with the phone.
Usually crash
My app updated yesterday and now it won’t load.
Constantly returning to the beginning. Seriously, I do NOT want to continually try and find where I left off. It’s like having an old vhs tape. You leave the room for a minute and your buddy thinks it cool to rewind the tape to the beginning when you were almost done. Silly and useless. We should all know how to get back to the start by now...
Last night this app blocked me from accessing my news feed and forced me to allow upload of my contacts. I didn't. Terminated and deleted the app. This is a very intrusive behavior and I didn't expect from FB.  If they do this to demand more information from me, I am wondering what they did, are doing, and going to do with my personal information they already obtained.  They just scared the sh!t out of me. 
I got notified that I need to update my number so I been trying to it says that y'all sent me a confirmation number as in a text I HAVNT received a thing and this is getting annoying!!!
facebook latest update is crushing again and again on iphone5s.. please fix it!
Facebook crashes on the new update iphone x. Now the keyboard is very slow on facebook on the iphone X
I’m seriously annoyed with the way photos cannot be cropped anyway I WANT them to be cropped/viewed/posted as MY profile picture! I cannot post photos that I want cropped a certain way without Facebook trying to fix and crop for me, basically moving the photo and cutting out pieces in the profile picture. This is not ok, I officially hate changing my photo. Instagram used to be the same way but it was fixed to post the photo as is or cropped any way the user wants it to be viewed. This feature of Facebook is terrible and needs to be updated.
The app is a piece thrash
Almost 300MB app size for the same features??? And if I delete it, download it again, and then open it again, it immediately adds another 50MB?!? Seriously?! And of course it makes my battery charge rapidly deplete itself. I love the app but it’s quite ridiculous that Facebook does this. Please condense the app to a more appropriate size.
The last update made the search bar overlap the message notification icon so you can’t see when you’ve got a new message as well and not being able to click on the icon!
I am unable to like anything. It comes up saying that the feature isn’t available, and that an error has occurred. It has been going on for three days now. It is quite annoying.
I love the facebook app but after the recent update, I can’t search in groups for items that I want to view. The button is literally gone.
After the latest update yesterday, I am no longer able to post any statuses and when I try to report the issue to Facebook, I get an error screen.  Essentially, the Facebook is worthless at this moment because I can’t do anything through the browser or through the app.  What’s the point of having a product that people can’t use?!?! 
last update is horrible. whats happen with video player . can’t get back to what I  was watching before! my watch history. easily disappears.
Videos and comments take too long to load
Awesome
I am so sick of Facebook updates They must have updates twice a week I’m tired of updates I’m sick of updates You bother me with these updates constantly and I become hateful to you in the process I hate your updates Spend some time get it right the first time then leave me the hell alone 
When you decide to let the users control what friends we see then you will be a decent service. Who writes the algorithms for you? They are terrible. I see the same friends without any way to see all friends posts regardless of when they posted them. Terrible.
It freaking keep freezing while u watch a video, OMG fuking fix this
The pop up, your a winner ads are really annoying! Please address this problem!
It don’t matter if all u little retards give this app a five star or a one star, Facebook is still gettin M’s just from u downloading the app and usin the shit😂 just stop complaining they never gonna fix the app, go use ig👌🏿btw the retards saying they’re pro LGBT and tired of the hate comments need to literally eat 5 tide pods
When I first put it on my phone, it was okay, but suddenly it refuses to let me use it without an update and when you try to update it, it states that there is not enough room, even after removing other apps. Tired of this sort of thing with the iPhones and apps. Will get an android and use another SM such as Twitter or whatever is new and easier to use
Would it kill you to have “ turn off notifications for this post” actually work for once?
1. Top Stories shows newer posts than Most Recent. 2. Why can I still not default to Most Recent?! 3. You take away the ability to read messages through the app, but somehow think it makes sense to add the ridiculous Marketplace.  4. In addition to not letting me read messages in the app, you no longer send them via email. “X has sent you a message.” Good luck reading it though. 
It freezes up when I’m trying to scroll through my pictures while trying to upload them. Also, as I’m scrolling through my newsfeed, it refreshes. I don’t want it to do that. It also won’t keep its place when I go to a different app, even if it’s just for a few seconds. I’d like for it to keep its place on the newsfeed, unless I refresh it myself. I feel like since Facebook is so popular, the app developers don’t care about how bad the app gets, since they know people will still use it. I like Facebook, but this app is making me not want to use it anymore. And will all the adds and suggested pages, I really don’t even gets to see what my fiends post anyways.
I continually try to post a item for sell in a group but when I have all the information typed out and then go hit the post link, nothing happens! It’s like there is no link or something. I even tried on another Facebook profile and I am unable to post anything for sell in any group I am in! Fix Please!
Bloatware, pure and simple. Just a big messy dirigible of an app
All of a sudden I can’t make posts or see notifications on my one account.   I am not on a ban.  I’m able to come and get tagged but it’s not showing notifications even though I have them.  Please fix this problem
There is no way to switch the newsfeed back to show up to date current post from my friends!   Example: my friend posted a status about his family member was in the hospital....... AND I DIDN'T FIND OUT TIL 3DAYS LATER!!!  Don't subscribe me to emails either. 
On the last version, as well as this update, you are unable to expand comments to see more without it shortening itself almost immediately. My friends tend to write long thoughtful comments, and I’m constantly clicking “see more”, scrolling to read, scrolling back up to click “see more” again, scrolling to read another word or two before FB shortens the comment again. I shouldn’t have to do this 10+ times just to read something I feel is extremely thoughtful and engaging. It’s so frustrating. Please, fix this and push another update.
App updated today and now you can’t search on pages.  :(
I absolutely hate this new algorithm where I cannot chose to see all my friends posts. Please go back to the way it was😡😡😡
App crashes constantly, then when I updated to iOS 8, it would crash every time I opened it. I ended up having to delete and reinstall. Seems to have fixed the issue. Regardless, the app has issues with buffering even when you're on your private wifi and crashes when clicking on external links from the facebook app. News articles, suggested sites, etc. It's incredibly problematic. I usually opt to log on through Safari as it's much more reliable. The Fb app has way too many bugs. You guys should hire coders that actually know how to test before release.  Not to mention, I swear FB does this on purpose, every new update includes more and more invasion of your privacy that if you want to use the app, you give away your info they can sell your info. The censorship, the out of wack timeline, multiple apps on the same platform is absurd. All for profit. Now, crashing again. 
I had android phones no problem with notifications I get a IPhone and problems on my second iPhone and still problem icon has 10 on it but no banner or sound anything saying I had notifications and yes all settings are correct I notified Facebook over n over. And I I get is a update. Now back with a new iPhone problem still exist I don’t even get tagged notifications it’s a hassle when your work encludes Facebook to monitor for your job and Facebook does not work.  Life depends on this. I do mental health work I monitor what they post Incase I miss something. And if I can’t get a notification it might be to late
Facebook is a far left wing communist company. I have proof they hacked my photos. They blocked my Non, offensive photos and comments. They even altered my photos. Again, I have proof. In the process of obtaining a lawyer.
Since December 2017 I have been experiencing increasing crashes as well as links that lead to possibly malicious pop ups that apparently can’t be blocked. Add that to Facebook’s obsession with changing things and allowing different functions at different times to different customers and different devices, and the frustration becomes a hypertension hazard. I am contemplating uninstalling.
ليه ما تحطونه عربي التطبيق
“My timeline” is a JOKE!!! There is no rhyme, reason or order to it. Whether or not it’s my “important” friends or not, there is no chronological order to the posts. Not a fun app to use. They even destroyed Instagram and its feed
My scrabble game no longer works due to something wrong with FB sign in.  Please fix. Started with this last update.  Marketplace is missing. I used it to sell stuff. I hate FB. Someone should start a competitive site. You helped Trump get elected. You are complicit in treason. 
Newsfeed algorithm is absolute garbage. Group posts and "suggested" adds have completely taken over and friends posts are nowhere to be seen. I'm getting next to zero interaction with my actual friends and it's getting to the point where I HATE this app.  I cannot add photo comments on posts. The button is there but nothing happens when I push it. 
I am an admin of several groups and can’t even access them on my app, they just load, spinning circle until I give up after several minutes.  I can also only see 5 or so posts in my newsfeed before I get a • (dot) ending my newsfeed.  Rather hard to conduct any business when the app never works. 
Please think about 16GB users. What about a Facebook lite app?
Would like to see all posts show up in chronological order. Having to search all over for the latest post is crazy'. Would like to be able to copy and paste off of all pages, not just some. Would like all pages orientation to be flexible, letter, or landscape. Would like to be able to see an enlarged picture of all profile pictures.  BIGGEST ISSUE IS APP CRASHING AND WONT INSTALL AGAIN...oh well..bye bye Facebook! Leave well enough alone! Fire those people who are producing these troublesome updates! Thanks 
Poor management is no excuse. Start getting serious about reigning in the app size.  Update: now it’s up to 250MB. You’ve gotta be kidding me.  Update: now it’s 300. Just stop, Facebook. 
How can I turn off videos that play automatically in this app? Very annoying. Honestly I prefer just using FB via phone browser. App trying to do too much unnecessary stuff.
This app is for old rotting tards 🙃👍🏻
Facebook listen to your users! Stop showing us things that you think we would like. I don't want to be marketed to.   Also we don't want a separate app to send messages. We don't want to be forced to see what you think is relevant in our feed.  Your social network has become irrelevant on mobile devices. 🤡🥊 
I own a Facebook group. I have not been able to enter my groups page for weeks. It’s my app, I can enter it through Safari and my pc. I have reported the problem about a dozen times.  I have updated the app. I have deleted the app and downloaded it again, at least 20 times. I loved Facebook. I used it daily, but trying to use safari, which is awful, is making me want to stop being a Facebook user. I am fed up, it has been weeks, and at least 3 updates. It’s difficult to run a group if I can not get to my tools and only enter by being tagged!
This should be at my discretion.
They really should make Facebook privacy a little better. You should have an opinion to be able to make it to where only your friends can message you. And only your friends can look you up. Also it’s very inconvenient to have a separate app just to look at messages. Facebook change your privacy setting.
Nic facebook really I love there application
Still bloated garbage of an app. The newest round of algorithm changes to censor independent news sources has just about made Facebook utterly useless if you want to use it as a source of news that doesn't support the government narrative (propaganda). Facebook has strengthened it roll an official censor of media for the government.
thanks for everything pls we need support arabic language 
Sloooooowwww as molasses!!!!
To be a top social network, the app definitely needs some upgrading. The messenger app is in need of some major upgrades too.  I’ve had to delete and reinstall many times, for different issues just hoping that would be the way to fix. For me, I try to upload pics or videos and it saids “in progress” and for a few days it would not post. Then When I close and open, it saids something else. Now I get constant notifications saying my media is being uploaded (not exact wording) just a mess really. 
It deserves a 1/2 star and that’s being generous. Constant updates that make it worse and worse. I’m not a social media fan so that negates 98-99% of the app’s utility for me. I follow a couple of local businesses and companies that interest me and that’s about it. The primary reason for getting the app was to make use of the marketplace feature. It was decent until FB decided to screw it up by interjecting retail ads in the middle of private individual classified ads. There was already a category well-suited and probably intended for retail sales but I presume there was little interest so FB decided to force it down our throats in the private classified ads section. Furthermore, FB is too intrusive and nosey. They are akin to Google in capturing all this personal information, usage data, etc. It is more or less spying. After I get rid of a few more items for sale, I’ll have no more use for FB and will be glad to get rid of it.
When i open it it immediately crashes
Facebook sends my friends push notifications about events I’m interested in which is a total invasion of my privacy. There are no setting options for the sharing of this I can find. It’s disgusting and makes my life way more public than I am comfortable with
Whatever you did, you broke it! I updated 20 min ago and instantly had problems. It freezes now. So awesome!
I can’t open explore feed on iPad Air 2
Bring back the chronological feed as the primary feed. I’m sick of missing my family and friends’ posts.
When the new version released, I always updated immediately. But Facebook doesn’t show the latest view.
I want to know why I can’t watch my favorite live show full screen? I can’t find any help any where about this. Tuesday I was able to watch full screen, but not tonight. Frustrating.
I didn’t bother putting it on my iPhone X, I’m done with Facebook spamming me with useless information in the notification tab. Done with the endless efforts to get me into their needless separate messenger app. Done with the constant barrage of unfiltered social vomit of people I used to respect. I’m just over it. I’ll check Facebook in the browser to see the highlights every once in a while, but there’s no reason to be SO connected to the point that I need a red bubble on the icon every five minutes because someone reposted the top five reasons X is Y.
I lost access to my Marketplace account a couple of updates ago and, even though I’ve reported this to Facebook several times, I’ve gotten no response whatsoever. And, just because the screen in the preview for the update seems to have the Marketplace icon at the bottom, doesn’t mean anything. It’s false advertisement because this update STILL didn’t fix the issue. Facebook has gone down hill. Disappointing.
V V Like it.
I spend very little time on Facebook anymore. They allowed their own greed to throw the election to Trump and they’ll do it again.   It will rob you of your life. 
When I try to go to any group that I am in through the app the app crashes on my phone. I tried it on other devices and it works fine. Other members of the group said it works for them too. HELP!
Whenever I tag someone in a post it sends it to them in Facebook Messenger. Please end this feature, it’s useless!!
Every update my sounds turn back on. So annoying. So many pop up ads in the browser that cause me to exit. How many Walmart gift cards can I win.
Every time you are making an update starts crashing constantly and it takes another update to fix that. So I would strongly recommend you make trials with your team before you launch an update. It is frustrating
You should be ashamed on how buggy and glitchy it is
I wish I could choose a default display from the default top stories to the much better option of most recent. Please give us that option until then I can't rate it higher.  How about telling us what has been updated???? 
Another app designed to waste a lot of your time on nothing.  What if we designed apps for quick in-and-out uses, not endless interactions?  What if we designed apps to help us fall asleep on our schedule and not designed as addictive attention grabbers.  #Fail  #WasteOfTime #Shameful 
I’d rather use other social media than Facebook.
It is very handy for me to use my phone to get FB posts and messages and very convenient
Your updates always make things worse then better. Replacing people we follow with ads and then limiting the posts we see. Now you have finally screwed up marketplace. Facebook is def on the way out. You all have ruined what used to be a good thing. Moving on
enough said...
The program is closed when i use it 😒
Fix the glitch in the app where I go on and it says I have no friends (doesn’t make me feel good 😂). I have to delete the app and reinstall it just to see posts. If I search for one of my friends it says we’re friends but the front page says I still need to add friends. Fix it please
We need a modification on suggestion friend for deleted those list permanently!
Facebook is no longer a place to share ideas. Facebook preaches “diversity, acceptance and tolerance of all viewpoints, yet is the furthest from that as possible. It’s now an echo chamber for the hate-filled, extreme liberals and leftists. Conservative people and viewpoints are silenced. Rude, vulgar, demeaning, degrading and insensitive comments are not tolerated for any religion, except when they are directed at Christians and Christianity of course. I have reported hundreds of comments where people insult Christians and conservatives, yet nothing is done about them. The comments somehow “don’t violate the community standards”, yet the same comments directed towards liberals, Muslims, or homosexuals are removed immediately and the poster is banned without any hesitation. I was banned within 10 minutes of posting a comment calling terrorists evil murderers. Yet when I reported a comment of someone calling conservative Christians “terrorists” nothing was done at all. The bias has surpassed the extreme and is now in the territory of totalitarian fascism. Your “community standards” and enforcement (or lack there-of) is an absolute joke. The admins of Facebook should be shamed of what they are doing.
After the last update i lost a few photo albums !! I been reaching out to you guys and reporting but no response ! Where is my albums !
Needs a night mode (darker theme)
The more you update the app, more useless it turns!
Almost every time I swipe down to stop watching a video before it’s over, the screen gets dark. The sound will still keep going but the video will freeze and the screen turns a dark shade of black.
App is good but it would be really cool if there was a Dark Mode option. 😀👍🏽
Why I still don’t have the new backgrounds?
The app keep crashing, p.o.s
I’m loving Facebook!! Easy to use & fun with family & friends. ♥️😊✅
Facebook is Facebook... lots of fake news and people disrespecting our president... all Facebook is turning out to be is a on line tabloid...
When someone replies to a post, it says I have 2 notifications. When I open the app, the bell only shows 1. Fix this FB.
Please stop with these dumb changes to Facebook. Ugh!!! I do not like the circle shape profile pictures. Hate! I want the square shape profile pictures. Back please.
Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order Change the timeline back to chronological order 
300 mb??? Bloated spyware!
Scrolling through the friends list is impossible you’ve got to fix it. You can’t scroll without it going backwards as you go forward it keeps going to backwards. I’ll delete Facebook and this crappy app happily
Why does this app turn any videos I upload in to a poor quality video? It gets all pixelated and skippy. Every video I try to upload it does that.
Just upgraded my app and it has now totally disappeared from my phone. However, when I search for it in the App Store, it says that it's installed. Very frustrating.  Right now I can’t open FaceBook  Really love FaceBook. Such a great way to stay in touch with peoplei agree with you. Now that I updated the FaceBook app, now I can never open  I agree now that I’ve uploaded it. As I try to open it it always says downloading or paused 
Good luck changing your password if you’ve forgotten your old one. And no “recover” doesn’t work either.  Facebook sends you a reset code then before you can use it, you get a message that either says “unknown error” or my favorite “you’ve entered too many codes. Try again later.”  I’m just writing this because it makes me feel better. It won’t fix anything but at least I have something to do since I can’t get login to Facebook. 
My newsfeed is NEVER EVER in the proper order!!!!!  It’s so annoying and frustrating. If I see something I want to share with a friend and go back on to find it. It’s fine and I can’t find it anywhere. Most frustrating thing ever. It’s only on mobile app too. Please fix this
I love using Facebook so much, and nothing will stop me from using it. But I recently made a new account in efforts to delete the old one due to security issues, and every few days my new account gets disabled and I have to “upload a photo of myself that clearly shows my face”. Then it takes days for the account to be enabled again. I’m not sure if there’s a mass group of people reporting the account, but I’ve made several status updates informing my friends of the account transition. If there’s a way Facebook can solve this kind of issue and become just a tiny bit more relaxed with the hassle of identification checks, this review would then be rated a 5-star. Until that happens, I can only give 2.
Facebook is more and more becoming like an app made for children.
Ever since I updated I can’t see other people’s videos that they’ve uploaded on their page. When I go to their photos it’s usually in a video album but it’s not there so I cannot see videos that have been posted previously. Fix this and I’ll give a 5star
Why always increasing the app size on each update??!!!
This isn't Snapchat!! All these apps are turning the same and there won't be a use for all of them. I want the old Facebook back. But some people must have crappy phones cause nothing freezes up on me
it crashes. I can’t even read a group page that I created !!!!
Seriously. Facebook is lowering your attention span and IQ. Delete your account.
Be patient Facebook wait do you actually get something awesome to give us instead of these tiny updates every month.   And while we’re at it stop auto playing the next video! Most annoying thing of ever seen in my life! 
Please stop updates make one update for month or 2 months that update anyone me
Every time I try to like or love or laugh at someone’s status, it tells me that it’s not allowed. Plz fix these dumb bugs
It does not make any sense to have an app almost 300MB
App is okay, but videos do not play upon scrolling over them. I have to click on the video, and it’s annoying.
Stop trying to control pages we follow. We follow them for a reason. We didn’t follow just for you to control what we see. You got people who made public pages forced to pay for their audience to see what they post. Tf does your company need more money for? Fix the notifications while you’re at it. For some reason, I keep seeing that I’m getting notifications but when I open the app I don’t have any.
Ya no se reprodecen los video seguidos. Muy aburrido esta nueva actualizacion😔
Every new update brings new problems rather than fixes. This last update has my app crashing every time I try to post on a friend’s timeline and today my News Feed ends after several posts.
I have used FB for years, but with the newest update and their desire to “give me more of what I like” they messed it all up to the point where I stopped using FB. The content gets restricted severely and the user has no choice in the matter regardless of how they set their news feed preferences. Personal preferences are disregarded in favor of Facebook’s preferences. I deleted the app and may try again eventually, as it stands right now, Facebook is garbage.
Bring back chronological order!!
It gets worse every time you update it. Confusing, Unorganized, and constantly being hacked. Thinking about deleting it for good! It was much better 2yrs ago. Bunch of morons for engineers!!! 
Something is wrong with the Facebook page, I have this Facebook pages and I’m trying to change my button I have it on BOOK NOW and I’m trying to change it to different buttons but the buttons it won’t let me. Can you please try to fix it thanks you very much
I’m just seeing he same posts over and over again from the same handful of people. I should be able to see what everyone posts.
Marketplace icon won’t appear on my Facebook and instead I have the live icon would like to have the marketplace icon back.
It's so stupid!!! Watching a video for a few minutes or so. A freaking ADs is coming up!!!! Stupid stupid stupid. Take it off!!! Pissing most of the people here!
Oh man do I love it when Facebook notifies me when there's nothing to be notified about
I am repeatedly turning off notifications for posts, commented on yet I still receive notifications. If the function does not work please remove it. It creates a false hope.   Also the refreshing seems to be off, if I am refreshing at 6am I am looking for the most current posts; I will refresh and the first post will be from 3 days ago. I follow and have friends who post daily. 
This last new update asks if my likes are a mistake. It’s annoying and unless fix it please.
Crashes a lot and the timeliness is totally out of sequence. The screen is constantly freeze, so I have to delete the app and start over. Crap.
Update keeps crashing on me!
Why do I have to wait a couple days to block someone? What is the purpose of this policy? This is unsafe because it limits privacy to FB users.
I am an administrator in a few groups. One off those groups will not work on iPhone. Facebook is no help with the issue.
Dont fix things that aren’t broken every time u fix something something else goes down! I cant like anything without an error message popping up
Notifications continue to be a complete mess. If I get a notification that one of my friends added a picture to a group I'm in and I click on that notification, I expect to be taken to my friend's post. That never happens. It just takes me to the group and I have to scroll through a bunch of posts to find the one I was notified about. Awful.
Here are quite a few things that can piss me off about this app. The swiping slightly the wrong direction and suddenly a camera is on my screen, the messenger being its own app, the lack of chronological order my friends posts show up. But I’m willing to deal with all of it, ALL OF IT, if you please JUST GET RID OF THE ADS IN THE MIDDLE OF A VIDEO. This makes me loathe using the app! I miss being able to see video after video but as soon as an add starts I’m done. No more. I’m done with the video. I won’t go any further, I won’t watch it. I loathe this feature. This has ruined Facebook for me and has caused me to rarely use it anymore. At least YouTube allows me to skip the video 5 seconds into it rather than making me sit through a 45 second bull crap ad. Fix it.
Please get rid of the bugs Group pages do not refresh. Notifications load maybe 1 out of ten times FB is useless for me 
Kind of disappointed about the whole video issue. I liked when you could watch one video then scroll down and just keep watching videos. This new update took that away and I’m not really a fan... could you please change it back to where you can scroll through videos?
This has bn awesome for keeping up wth hometown ands all over the world
Write release notes for a better rating.
For some reason my account is not doing autoplay for videos anymore with the new update. I don't have low battery-it just stopped working and it's really frustrating me because I really want it to work!!!!
Our company decided to rebrand. And instead of keeping our followers. They have decided we can’t. Even after appealing! It is ridiculous. Now we have to start all over again.  ONE STAR FOR CUSTOMER SUPPORT!!
confucius
I love Facebook and always have, but you can only see statuses from a small select few of people from your friends lists. I’d like to use Facebook to keep up with ALL my friends, not just some. This is honestly the dumbest feature about the app. I follow people so I can see their stuff but it doesn’t show up on my news feed.
I like Facebook
So I’m always going live and when I’m done I at times like to upload the video instead of erasing it immediately upon completion. However since some of the updates it constantly rings my phone up telling me to “leave the app open to upload faster” even if the video was deleted or already uploaded to my wall. Sometimes it’s up to like 20 notifications of this in one day! Please fix this!
جيد للتواصل مع الاحبة والاصدقاء وبتطور مستمر ولكن البرنامج حاله أفضل في الأندرويد من هو عليه هنا
Always freezes
Intelligence make something available on a small mobile device but not available on a computer or iPad, that way we try to place ads and shop while we're on the go. Would be nice to use a computer or iPad with a larger screen.
VERY laggy on iPhone SE
Since this new update every time I try load a page it doesn’t load super frustrating have to reload page over and over again for it to finally work
You've may the most text button pretty much obsolete. I continually see the same stories on my feed constantly. It very annoying.
I can’t get the notification when some of my friends react to my tags or what I post. Please fix
Can you please add “italics”, make it available to use “red” lettering to make a point; explain why we can’t “copy” or “share” some stories or messages from other posts.  Thank you.  Also. I can tell that some of my friends, who has d not unfriended me, don’t see my posts. Why does this happen. I see his but he says he doesn’t see mine and that it’s probably FB “managing” the posts. Please explain. 
Put marketplace on iOS for iPod Touch
I click on it and I click on it and I click on it. Every single day. It’s a complete waste of time having so much of the worlds pointless conversations at your fingertips. I’ve removed this application from my mobile device and it has been about a month. I feel great. Try it!
Half the time I try to read a post the app updates the feed and jumps me around in the feed. Make the posts update when I prompt it, or below so I can scroll into new posts, but don’t make the updates jump the screen around, it’s obnoxious!
Evidently the folks in charge of this app couldn’t care less about our opinions.  This app is pathetic. And now I can’t even go to pages I like and see anything. It force closes all the time. Videos freeze no matter what internet I’m on. Most recent doesn’t even show most recent most of the time. What a waste.   Stop Changing stuff! Why is "most recent " at the very bottom? Stupid stupid. I enjoyed being able to see who was on line so I could chat. Idiots. 
Worst app when they keep on bring useless updates...it’s waste of using
Ever since the last update I have just been getting random notifications.. I’ll open my phone and have 24! Open my app and there will only be one... it’s driving me crazy!!!!
This app takes up too much storage space on my phone
Thanks for the good app. But it crashes on my iphone 6s, after the last update. I reinstall the app after removing it but nothing happened. my ios version is 11.2.5
Have always liked Facebook it is so fun but really getting tired of updates every couple of days!? Why
The app force close right after I open it and it happens so often. Please solve the issue.
It’s frustrating it always worked normally! But now everytime I open the comment section of anything in Facebook it simply won’t fit in the comment section so I can type.
Why? Just why?!?!? It worked fine. Now skipping through videos is almost impossible. Before we could scroll through them with ease. Now it’s like you had an incestual relationship with YouTube and this abomination was the result. Stop trying to make idiots feel good. Not every idea is a good one. Case in point, this update to the video section of your app. Or the person who thought of its’ parents decision to not use a condom.
Profiting from Russian election interference😔
These updates keeps getting worse now whenever I’m watching a video and look at the comments and go back everything freezes
It’s quite good of an app, it’s just to complicated! Instagram is WAY easier to use, it’s still a good app though, just not what I was looking for.
The new update that automatically sends the post by messenger when you’re tagging someone in the comments is horrible!! At least fix that 🤬 Besides the app is too heavy and has lots of issues 
Does not load post on profiles
All of a sudden none of the videos auto play. Even though I had it do that in my settings. Annoying
This app is worse than getting no updates at all, because it cons you into thinkng you are being informed while everything you actually want to know about is missing. No amount of liking, following, or clicking "See first" has made anything I want to see actually show up on my newsfeed.
It’s a shame that I see posts on my timeline celebrating Philadelphia’s victory in last Sunday’s Super Bowl late Tuesday night.
If you like Russian propaganda and religious zealots, FB is the app for you.
App just gets worse and worse. Now events are frozen and won’t show future events after latest update.
Is jacked up whatever your doing STOP you make it worse 🤦🏽‍♀️
Buggy, crappy, clearly linked to profiteering. No good words for this.
Not dawn way
I am not able to share my Instagram posts to my Facebook business page and it is very annoying to have to post everything separately but says that my post has sent but when I check my page, it isn’t there. I deleted both apps and reinstalled and still the same issue. Please help
But it’s good trash. I need it for insta business and that’s it.
Just make the thing chronological. I don’t see what the problem with that is. Instead, it shows me posts that are 24 hours old. It’s outrageous.
The new updates are great and the app is overall very well made and much quicker than it used to be. My one complaint would be that this update killed the ability to tap at the top of the screen and have the app go all the way to the top of the feed. 
When I click on a story, it jumps around so much you can’t tell where you left off. Almost as frustrating as trying to dodge the you won an amazon or Wal-Mart card.
I updated my iPad today and now the ‘shortcuts’ like “most recent “ and “close friends” blinks a blank page for a second and then says “add friends” or nothing new to show when it’s been hours since I checked. I updated the app and restarted my iPad but the ‘shortcuts’ still don’t work! Please fix this problem! Thanks!
Yet again, FB has "no stories to show, retry."  WHY DOES THIS ALWAYS DEFAULT TO OLD STORIES?!  I tried deleting and reinstalling this piece of crap, but only news from 6 hours ago and beyond show up.  TOTALLY FRUSTRATED WITH THIS APP!!
Really?  Who does these updates?  Won’t update newsfeed... often crashes. Keeps stating no stories available, newsfeed is often 6 hours old and won’t show new....  every update seems to be worse with more issues than the last.  How difficult can it be to just get it right?
At first I thought it was my phones, but I quickly realized that it was in face the Facebook app itself. It freezes very often now, even the updates do not make it better. If you’re in the middle of making a comment and have to pause, say maybe for a call, you lose what you were typing as well as the post. It takes you all the way back to the beginning of the page. Facebook has become more difficult to use and less appealing. It is a waste of time.
Kind of useless when the app crashes every five minutes  Still junk year or so later. I lose my place if I leave the app for 10 seconds, forcing us to burn they our data plans. I still hate that I have to load news feed instead of most recent first. As of today 2/5/18 most recent will not load.   Sounds get turned on by them self.  Zero stars. 
This is a disaster.  There is a bug that has yet to be fixed.  When it doesn’t recognize your browser it kicks you out and won’t even send you a text nor email and makes you email them with an unknown confirmation that it received your request. HORRIBLE.
When clicking on comments featured in my notifications alert, I am misdirected to other (older) comments. This only happens in groups and closing the app and opening again solves the issue, but it is really off-putting. Please fix it!
This app use a big space on my phone why   U didn’t store the data on ur servers like Telegram
This app is very useless I cant log in before Icando that thing when i update it it didn't wort. Please make it better that I can log in... 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
Unstable, constantly crashing.
This new version CRASHES a LOT, in my iPhone 6 and iPhone 8 +.  Please fix this!!!!!!! 
I resent having fb insinuate itself into every facet of my life.   How easy it would be to keep tabs. On people you!are suspicious of . Hitler and Stalinwould just have to sign up for fb.  Hate it
I keep getting notifications on my phone without there being any notifications in the app. It will say I have 2 notifications when there is only one. So I check the one and close the app and it still says I have one. But I open the app and there is nothing.
Can you do everyone a favor and stop updating every day or other day? Every time you update, your making the app worse instead of better. You update to fix a bug but end up making new bugs. STOP THE UPDATES!!!! And could you please stop adding crap people don’t use. Like market place. No one uses it. Or at least give us an option to turn off the notifications. 
I tagged a friend in a comment and instead of posting the comment, it send the post in Messenger. NOT COOL. So done.
The last “update” made things worse! When I check the notifications you can’t see what the post was that are being commented on!
Since iOS 11.2.2, Facebook, start flipping out and rolling the screen by going to newer parts while I'm reading
The safari app on iOS can go to fb and upload gifs no converting or making a link ..the app can’t do this -_- The app is never in order .. It turns on auto replay videos after updates I have to turn them off manually .. It’s ad happy up the dang ying yang I have to ether use safari and my Adblock or use friendly to watch videos because I’m not giving you ad revenue ! Your stupid ads in between videos need to go away but if not I’ll continue to block them on my device and pc . I only use the fb app for instant notifications and quick entering if I want I go to Friendly or Safari and use FB because the app is just pathetic .. 
My experience with FB isn’t very good anymore, I absolutely love keeping in touch with people who I would not get to if it wasn’t for FB, but the last year so many “things” have been happening and it has been proven that it isn’t only me they are happening to.  At least 3 of the friends who were high up on my good friend list, miraculously disappeared from my newsfeed and I got a message or call form them wondering what I done to piss them off, I never unfriend people because for one, I wouldn’t become friend with someone unless they were well known and I knew that I wouldn’t have no drama with them, meaning, I wouldn’t unfriend them.  The other thing is, I notice people in my newsfeed and then all of a sudden they r gone, still on my friend list, just somehow jumped of the newsfeed for some reason, Facebook seems to do whatever they want with peoples friends and posts,  it has been really getting old. I used to get on fb daily and I enjoyed it tremendously, but now I might get on once a week because it is just not like it used to be.  Something needs done because I am not the only one feeling this way, what once was the most popular, most loved app that people was on half the day, has become the most talked about app that people are missing and beginning to hate.
The latest update keeps trying to kick me out. It keeps saying session has expired and logs me out. When I log back in, the same thing continues to happen! Please fix this!
i absolutely hate the new marketplace feature on the update, i don't see how necessary it is (i mean how necessary is fb anyway) but the marketplace even more so, every time i open the app it opens in the marketplace as if i cared what people are selling, it should be something you can opt out of
FB keeps crashing every since Apple released their new update. It crashes every 2 mins. Please update your software
I never update my FB app because it gets worse instead of better. I decided to try it and I regretted it immediately. It’s slower and glitching. Also there are only 4/5 filters for the camera when there use to be a ton. Very disappointed.
Deleted the app from my phone after Facebook kept posting my location even though I have location disabled, set to never, in my settings.
Every update screws something up knock it the hell off and get it together your not helping anyone updating for no reason i cant open messages on my tablet from in this app at all anymore to both my business and personal pages i just get an error message
When I click on something with hundreds of thousands of comments, I want to be able to click a button that says "See Top Comment" so that I don't have to click "See More" and scroll 5,000 times. There's an option to see the new comments people are typing at the bottom, but I'd rather see the witty comments at the top with tons of likes. The app would be even better with that option.
No se puede editar la privacidad cuando uno comparte fotos muy mala actualización
Facebook app every time you press the rocket icon automatically the app crashes. it’s now months of this. No point in using this if doesn’t work.
I get tired of reloading everything, and start scrolling down my news feed, and seeing all the same crap from 2-3 days ago. I want to see all of the latest things FIRST, and later stuff next, in the order that they were posted. I’m tired of this algorithm or whatever Facebook uses to determine which posts I’ll like so they show me those. No! It’s like that in my newsfeed and it’s like that in my groups too. I want to see latest stuff first, and other stuff later. Facebook is so annoying with that. Also, the ads are quite annoying, and I don’t watch videos anymore due to them. Y’all make enough money, why do you need to annoy us with ads in almost every video? Fix these two things and you may get more stars from me.  It also annoys me that if while I’m scrolling through my newsfeed and I decide that I want to post something, that I’ll need to hit that “newsfeed” button in the bottom left, or whatever that button is, so it’ll scroll all the way back to the top of the newsfeed, in order for me to post something. And the swipe right to show the new stupid camera feature, is annoying as heck. Nobody uses that thing, yet it’s still there. HATE it. 
This quarter of a gigabyte lummox will run facial recognition on every picture you post and will try to tag someone on your friends list with every word you type. If your the type who doesn't know much about the Internet and will gladly pass on everything you see, this app is for you.   But for me it's a monstrosity that works against me and crashes now more than ever. 
Sometimes the old saying “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it..” is such good advice! This last version takes every bit of functionality out of the app. It won’t link my messenger within the app. So I have to juggle between two apps. Not getting messages properly. Missing the calendar to see birthdays. Notifications and newsfeed is messy. It is an awful menu and option set up. Please please get it together Facebook so I can restore my good rating for you. This current version is just garbage truthfully!
I’m so SICK Of THIS APP MESSING UP! IT SAYS Broadcast interrupted. Then I can’t get back into a live! Fix this I know others are having the problems to! So Annoying And Rude of You.  I also get cut off of live or kicked off. Please fix this
Need I say more?
Total garbage. Invasive and useless. Constant censorship. Very BORING
I miss being able to scroll through the videos. Now I can’t.
I can’t login to my account because my name doesn’t match my real name and now it wants me to use my state ID which there is no way I’m using just to login
this app freezes my iPhone every single time I try to open it.  Don’t bother
I’ve had my account for over a year; suddenly the app logged me out... asked for me to upload my id! Wth?  I tried logging in but it says my account can’t be found... I used my phone number and it’s not sending me a code so I can reset! This is bs!!!
After recent update videos don’t auto play Anymore. Tried to change that in settings but nothing works. Older version of Facebook was so much better. Can you please fix this issue? Thanks 
Loosing interest in using the App. I say it not worth watching videos....it keeeps on freeze every time from last 1-2 weeks.
I have been using facebook for a few years now and I have enjoyed it but I hate this new update. It's not functioning the way it's supposed to, its glitchy, it doesn't auto play videos, videos pause and have to replay after 3-5 seconds, there are so many adds and most of them are conveniently things I've recently searched or bought things from which I frankly don't enjoy. It feels like whatever I search or buy is being watched. I think it's a great app but I would enjoy it a lot more if these bugs and issues were fixed. Thank you.
With the updated version of the app I can’t load any pages or profiles, like the wall part
File is too big.
One more thoughtless up date should totally break this POS app.
Facebook to me is a wonderful way to keep in contact with your family & friends. It is the new mail, the new phone, the new everything really. I mean I am now talking to a lot of my family members that live so far away that I never got to talk to before & also get to see them in photos, videos etc. I love how I can plan events & be able to invite everyone & let them know about it. There is just so much stuff I can do with FB & I have been using FB for 4 years now & I have to say, I love it.
Facebook is biased against anything that doesnt support their views... any racist remarks against someone of color is removed immediately, but comments about white people are allowed. Pictures allowed with peoples butts hanging out aren't against fb standards (standards? What are those?! Company is supposed to be against hate but it is spread even more on this app with no consequence. Several apps of fake people there just to spread leftist propaganda are allowed but the same cannot be said for anything on the other politcal spectrum.  The invasive tendency of the app to search through your phone for what you've looked at recently is a blatant invasion of privacy. 
Whenever you try to use AirPlay to watch a video, you get a gray overlay saying “Connecting To ‘AppleTV Name’”. You can tell how much testing they do.
really bad on the iphone x. too buggy, crashes a lot. not worth the time and space.
2/5/18 updated recently and can NOT click on the camera button in comments! I want to add a photo!   I just updated yesterday 4/14/16 and now I am missing the section where I can just upload to an album from my add a new status section. I use this so my mobile uploads doesn't get cluttered. Where did it go? I want it back! 
Why won’t they play neither thru mobile or WiFi and I have it set to auto play in both
The latest update is the worst I've seen in awhile. Please, please fix it. Very cumbersome moving between screens.
this is my third password reset due to fb thinking me liking posts are “suspicious” activity. also, i cant like posts AGAIN due to this password reset. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP.
I love this app!  I mean, sure, I don’t really have any friends, but if I did I would follow every single one of them on here! And, sure, I don’t do selfies, and I don’t watch everyone’s stories (most of the time I just tap past everyone’s story), but it’s an amazing app! And I love the whole bird icon thing. That’s class!  I hope you all enjoy MySpace as much as I have! 
It use to be great but now when you try to watch a video, ads interrupt the video. And when viewing a picture, they appear as pointless videos like “you can view the picture for this many seconds”
I like the messaging app too, makes it easier for me to know when someone's messaged me, and I don't have to be signed into Facebook to get them. I honestly don't know why everyone is so picky about it, it's just a Facebook app.
I run my business on a Facebook group but when I use the app it instantly closes out. I have to use the internet version to even post anything on my page. I’m beyond frustrated! This has been going on for 2 weeks now.
When will you allow us to make “most recent” a default option for our news feed? I don’t care what Facebook thinks I want to see or should see. I don’t want to re-read the same post three days after it was posted, because Facebook put it at the top of my new feed. Changing to to “Most recent” every time I open the app is a pain, and I shouldn’t have to do it.
No one wants to see your honor student sticker you just received from your kids elementary school. Newsflash! No one cares! I just someone posted that their hamster died and they flushed it down the drain. Good for you! Someone just posted that they stole a pack of gum from Dollar Tree and just got hit by a car. I think you mean that you just got hit with KARMA. This site is for a bunch of people that have nothing to do and have decided that their kids grades define their life! Well I haven’t seen anyone kill them selves over a B, so calm down Janice! I am deleting this because I don’t care and no one else should!!!
Stop forcing notifications to try and trick people into opening the apl. Now I'm getting notifications that a distant Facebook friend commented on their photo. I didn't comment on it, or even like it, so why are you notifying me? The app is getting desperate and toxic
This app is updated too many times in a month and crash never fixed
Slow response time. App freezes more times than I can actually use it.
Just had to delete my account,I was hacked I guess,someone posted some obscene post on me,went to Facebook support and got no help with the problem,I use this app to keep up with friends back home,I really liked it but lately lots of bad things are being posted,l reported a few but they say they meet standards,I don't believe these things are even checked,I don't think this is a forum for people attacking other s and some of the sex things.
I just got a iPhone 6 and I don’t have internet and when I try to download Facebook it says connect to internet. But all of my other apps downloaded without internet. So disappointed.
Probasi mdbabul
Please remove me from Facebook.
Very bad Every minute it close and lag Please help 
This is a consistently terrible app. They are so busy adding features that they have failed to remember they must first create a stable application.
How are you going to tell us which stories are the “top” stories. And then when you do use most recent under “feeds” it’s still not in order and shows 90% of my post and 10% of everyone else’s. You progressively made this app worse and worse, and now it’s just ads and the same thing being shared 92x. Rant over
when i try to login it takes me to upload a picture the make sure the identity is correct yet it won't even allow me to upload the picture.
The app gets worse every update. Having th notifications at the bottom of the screen is a huge inconvenience, I read my screen from the top down, NOT bottom to top.WHY can I not delete the story feature.
No option to contact a live person when you are having problems with Facebook. Received a text that a post of mine was removed because it was considered to be offensive. Have never posted anything offensive since joining Facebook. And how do you resolve the issue? You can’t is the answer. Tried to go into Facebook got this message that they were going to help me with my security.  Wanted me to do a new password. After finally getting my old password correct, put a new password in and then got a message that my new password could not be updated at this time. So now I’m unable to access Facebook at all. Do you know what? I don’t care anymore. I’m done with Facebook.
I now only see about 4 people out of my 600 friends, I miss so many posts. FB makes my world smaller since I don’t see my friends posts unless I comment constantly.  Spend more time on IG, then that changed to these stupid algorithms. 
The app keeps crashing since the last few updates
They censor everything and if It offends someone they constantly remove your content or ban your profile. I don’t know who is more sensitive, the users or the employees of Facebook. If you think you’re safe in a private group, think again. They monitor everything you post, even if it is in a private group with likeminded friends. Wish someone would create a platform where you can share freely without the fear of people like this removing what you post.
Facebook recently introduced these “marketplace suggestions” that show up on my timeline. Despite clicking the “hide this” option every single time it shows up, it just doesn’t seem to stop. Whenever I try to click the “why do you want to see less of this” it doesn’t have any options.   I’m giving 3/5 stars because of sheer annoyance. 
Tired of delays and slow loading up or app doesn’t load up at all, just a white blank space.  Making reports to Facebook is a waste of time. I’ve uninstalled app. Because nothing has been done to fix the issue. Pages I like and follow do not load up. 
Facebook has become little more than ads. My feed has more marketplace stuff in it than posts by friends. Between that and the ads every couple of posts it’s becoming a frustrating waste of time. You can say you don’t want to see it but it pops back up again. And now it wants me to watch videos on it and I had to turn off notifications for those. It used to be a great way to keep in touch but lately it’s getting to be not worth it.
Took forever to install this latest update . Not so sure how it will go but at least my phone isn’t stuck in a loading loop.
Could not download the app after deleted it due to an error in refreshing news feed
Bad app constantly shutting down while watching a video or typing, reading a comment.
Constantly getting a “Can’t Connect, Sorry this link isn’t working” error message when I click on a link from my Notifications page or try to report an ad or a post for spam. Happens on both my iPad Pro and iPhone FB apps.   Also, videos are buffering badly. App takes unusually long to open. New posts you’re trying to create take unusually long to load before you can begin typing. App crashes.   What in the heck is happening with this app??? 
I cannot open app.the app Closing on its own please help 
Showed the same exact feed for the last 30 minutes. I have hundreds of friends and it's right after the Super Bowl so yeah, I don't think so. News feed on this app is BROKEN!
Hey Facebook, multitasking has been available on iPhone for over 6 years.  Why don’t you try and figure out how to have your stupid app use it so that I don’t lose my post I’m writing, just because I need to hop out of the app for a second.
Since FB updated three days ago, my FB keeps locking up, I cannot leave comments, pictures cannot be closed, etc. please fix ASAP!!
The "Most Recent" feed used to load the most recent posts for your entire News Feed. I used this feature to see posts from friends that didn't get picked up by Facebooks normal News Feed algorithm. Now I need to add friends to the "Most Recent" feed.
This application are good in the I pad but not in the I phone , it close every 3-4 minutes , when I review my profile , all posted items does not appear , and on the App Store it is not located in the updates application.
I never realized how much I hate Facebook for the simple fact that when I see something I'm interested in and want to look at it 2 seconds later and it's gone. Just stop reloading it every time I switch the app. I'm so mad argh
I was looking at my friends post and it kept crashing it's ridiculous how bad this  is! I can't even open the app it crashes instantly! This app is trash and never works right!Facebook get you crap together!
اخر تحديث للتطبيق يخرج فجأه او ينهار التطبيق
After the last update it crash in each time I try to open the APP Worst experience ever with IPhone applications.
If you haven’t started seeing ads that cut right into the middle of videos you are watching - get ready they’re coming! Completely ruins the video watching experience. Extremely disruptive. Shame on you Facebook.
Every time I view/read a post and come back to my news feed. My screen keeps moving. It’s some of auto refresh and I can’t figure out how to turn it off.
Soo the app has disappeared on my phone yet when I go to the App Store to reinstall it the app says open and it opens like it’s installed and works fine but If I want to go on Facebook I have to open it through the App Store
Ever since the last iOS update, I can’t get sounds to turn off in the app. I’ve tried toggling it on and off, restarting/shutting down the phone, and blocking notifications altogether. I even deleted the app and redownloaded it. All to no avail. I hate the noises. I have to mute my phone to use the app
I accidentally deleted my Facebook app and now I am having a problem signing back in. I was sure I remembered my password but apparently it’s wrong. Well.... that’s ok right?.... because Facebook can help you reset your password just by sending a 6 digit code..... the code that you’ll probably never receive. I have yet to receive my code so I can log back in. And it’s shows me my number so I know they have my correct phone number to send it to. Anyways it’s ridiculous. I created another account to see if I could maybe use the same number and link it to my other one but nooooo.... So I go to deactivate it literally 15 minutes later and type in my password(that I wrote down when creating) to do so... well... according to Facebook it’s not correct.  GOOD JOB FACEBOOK... you officially suck👍🏼
Please add rotate and zoom for those of us without perfect eyesight! Thanks 
Good
I can’t download Facebook because i don’t have WiFi
The Facebook app is entirely too big. It just tries to do too much & sends me notifications for everything except what I want notifications for (new "episodes" of whatever show in Facebook, sending my friends "awards", etc.). My phone gets flooded with Facebook notifications for things I don't even use or want to use quite frankly. Humble advice: shrink it down, you're doing too much.
When I go to my photo library the video folder is gone.... all my video memories with my family & Friends is all gone !!!! Years of children growing up ALL GONE !!!! How dare Facebook remove so many precious memories from my family...
The latest update has not improved the app, it has done the opposite. The newsfeed appears to not refresh as frequently as before. There are constant crashes. If in the middle of a post, or a comment on a post, or in the middle of the video on a post a switch to another app takes place the app crashes and sends you back to the newsfeed. When placement of likes goes past the first dozen or two, the confirmation status of the like placement is delayed by about 20 to 30 seconds. Please get your act together.
The ads in the middle of videos is very annoying, I won't even watch a video if I see the ad countdown. GET RID OF THE ADS.
they demand you have papers to prove you who you are. they want to see the likes of driver license, passport; school id, bank statement... the stasi bosses need your papers to verify your identity...  mark naziberg and the fourth reich 
Facebook is constantly updating and changing things. Ever here the saying, “Don’t fix something that’s not broken”? Enough with all the changes and what you ‘THINK’ we want to see.  We choose who we want as friends and who we don’t.
Awful update. I can't hear sound on videos anymore.
Why just can’t make the fonts bigger?! They’re too small that hardly to read an article for elders!! It’s too bad!!!!!!!!!! 
I don’t why my Facebook is not downloading telling me is over 150mb
Can’t open certain pages
ممتاز
What happened to the videos album in this update? All my photo albums are there but no videos album. So all my videos are gone? Also is you going to change something then tell us and explain. It’s not rocket science. Fix today please!!!!
Will frequently freeze the entire phone. Like a virus.  While it could be related to my older phone (6+) it is the worse by far.  I can use GarageBand with synth apps open with my Bluetooth JamstikPlus far easier than Facebook 
Why is my account blocked  And I’m not allowed to upload verify pictures 
after update  No more work for iPhone 6 Plus iOS 11. 2.5  I use the web now to open Facebook 😡😡 
this app is too slowly  and so bad  this need to update it to be more flexibility now i say please make it more flexibility 
Wall Layout: I hate that the layout gets changed often.  Leave it alone, it is annoying and I cannot stand that the cover photo has gotten smaller!  I hate the empty space on the right of my wall.  I do not like the feature photos.   Newsfeed: I do not understand why I have more stories when I’m on FB using my computer than I do on the FB app. I am tired of seeing posts that I have already seen and commented on just because someone I don’t know has commented on it. I can deal with a comment from someone on my list of friends but not someone I do not know. It is annoying that I cannot turn off notifications for those posts.  I should be able to control what I see in my newsfeed.  Some post I can turn off notifications, but not all.  The repeats of the same suggested adds are annoying.  The adds are annoying, but I understand why they are in the feed, at least put new adds in.   The pictures are too big on the iPad.  I would not mind on the iPhone since the screen is small.    If the FB app was not convenient, I would not bother with it.  That’s about the only positive thoughts I have of the app.    What would really make me happy is that our cover pages were changed back to the original size.   Thank you 
This update not good for iPhone 6s for ios 11.2.5 , because out from application with self
I’m new on iOS and have been disappointingly surprised to find out that Facebook app for iPad doesn’t have “Explore Feed” (little rocket) button on the bottom navigation track. Also I wish that navigation track is customizable so that I don’t need to go deep in sub menus to opt for “most recent” view of timeline. It’s completely nonsense how rigid navigation UI is. It basically forces me to use website instead app. 
It’s useless to even watch videos on Facebook. An ad pops up on every other video which is dumb. If that was the case I would rather watch YouTube.
Every time I like someone’s post a message asking if it’s a mistake or ok keeps popping up. Why is that, and can you fix it
CR-APP,CR-APP,CRAPP. You have no clue
Please help with stopping in scrolling of news feed.  Love my Facebook. Not liking it sticking..
New update now try to post from pnone or share a song it exits out and won’t let me write about it please fix
Getting notifications for things I am not following gets you one star.
This app is garbage honestly. Too many little things don't work. For example, I can't review a comment marked as spam even though Facebook SPECIFICALLY says I can in the help section. It's a little detail, but it's frustrating and just one of MANY issues. Basically the only thing that consistently works properly is posting a status or comment. At some point, you will have problems doing literally anything else.
No puedo ver los dispositivos conectados a mi cuenta de Facebook cada vez empeora la app
I'm
Shows the placeholder posts with the shiny effect active for 30 seconds, then crash and exit. Stories images sometimes do load, but app is non responsive.
Gave me cancer
FIX THIS PIECE OF CRAP.
Facebook itself is kind of awful. I haven’t uploaded many pictures but I have it for sign in purposes. I’m now locked out of many of my accounts because I haven’t uploaded photos of myself. It has locked me and says it will let me back in once I submit a photo that clearly shows my face. I have tried and keeps giving me a notification that my network is unstable which it is not because everything else works fine. The app just made it harder so both aren’t helpful nor good to use.
This last update has completely made my Facebook App freeze. I can’t do anything. Please fix this!!
Videos don’t close when you hit the “X” and continue to play in the background
Can you please fix the video player I put it to where it says don't auto play videos and it still plays videos automatically 😑
Can’t get on Facebook 75% of time since the last update! Very frustrating!
The app is crashing at random times, accessing specific groups, etc.
Crashing while ready important news,  It needs to be fix to see current updates. 
It’s a real problem to show people you may know to others  so where is privacy when you show my friends to others or to family  That I don’t want them to know  Wish you remove this way it’s not stranger but on the contrary   Thanks 
From filling your feed with a certain political agenda to the community itself, Facebook is just awful.
Really. It mostly works. What doesn’t. Proper reply formatting. Zoom to tag for dense pictures. Reliability. Ability to click on marketplace ads without an insta-crash.
Junk and....
this version crashes alot please help
I’ve been getting notifications that I have been poke from people. But when I try to find the poke button there’s none?! Only way for me to even see the pokes and poke back is if I go on my computer. In addition, I have so many ads after every post that my friends or family had posted. Apparently this app is for ads.
Please fix this new Facebook! It won't load anything properly. It takes forever to load pictures and videos.
App won’t even let me open videos without the app crashing.
I have tried for days to reach an FB rep and all I get is reset your password. My phone and FB account was hacked and the hackers has put my account into a dead space where it makes impossible to sign in from anywhere but one phone and signing in from that phone shows nothing but a blank screen, even though I'm signed in. Facebook keeps telling me to reset password, submit photo, but have not read the real issue. I know you're a big company, but sometimes one needs to read what's really going on with an account, so that real help can be administrated.
Since this last iOS update. 😏
Less pictures and videos of negative people sending pictures and videos of people getting killed or beating. This generation “IS MONKEY SEE MONKEY DO”.  Thanks, 
Sometimes I join FB for contests and when I do what to deactivate my account FB is so hateful & desperate it keeps saying your session timed out and you have to log in about 6 times before you can deactivate your account. I just want to deactivate my account!!! Why the games.. don’t you have better things to do? Please stop!
I've complained about an issue that involves my business group. Every time I try and access my group, it looks as though it's trying to load something, then crashes the app. I've complained multiple times without any acknowledgement. Nothing saying we see you have a complaint and can't figure it out or anything. Not happy and it's affecting my business as I can't do things with my group while on mobile 😡
I followed all the advice from apple support still no connection. I was good until the last update. I don’t get it.
Don’t bother updating it’s crap!
I always make errors or am the victim of auto incorrect. Now the provision for correcting my mistakes is removed! I am going to remove your app or use another.
The sticker auto suggest feature for comments in the current version of FB for iOS is absolutely ridiculous. You guys should get rid of that. Seems that there is some ML or statistical analysis about what would be the emotion to share using a sticker and the bias is really bad. Posts that I find funny or good suggest negative feelings as the first choice. Is not that the suggestion is bad or good but it does reset my feeling about how others might think about this post. It is so subtle that makes me think if that’s what my friends think, my friend who made the post or everybody. The possibility to like or dislike works nicely since there is no bias in suggesting how i should “like” or “dislike” the post. The sticker feature just triggers a bias.
Everytime you scroll down the friends list it reloads handsets you back up a few letters. Also with suggested friends
I WANT TO SCROLL UP, NOT RIGHT
I can't use the application i started to hate Facebook because of crashes, the only app i use and crashes is facebook
Facebook has been trying for 2days and just does not update.  I also can access Facebook while it continually spins.
my account has been disable for using Vpn apps i m extremely sry please give my facebook as soon as u can
What is up with you?  I get a notification about a thread I’m following, click it and 'cannot find link'. All day long. This is new and frustrating.
Have an error message pop up when I go to liked a newsfeed. The message is Sorry this feature isn't available right now. An error occurred while processing this request please try again later. Then I two options This is a mistake or ok. I have changed my password and logged out and back in and that hasn't worked. Can you please help. Thank you
Is it too much to ask to have “most recent” feed be just that??? Its worse than the idiotic order you have my feed in the first place...ready to be done with fb all together...soon you will go away like myspace did
Why would I want to watch videos on Facebook? Oh, I don't know, maybe because that's what Facebook. Is for... I don't know how many bad reviews it's going to take before Facebook fixes things, but I do know that I will continue to write bad reviews until something gets fixed. Seriously Facebook. Stop with the crashes, stop with the difficult to use navigation and stop allowing fake profiles.
So bad when i refresh the page , the app closed ,  I try to update and delete it , but still the same 
While I was reading the posts it keep moving to the top posts and what I read gone what kind of updates is that junk app. Why keep updating for which you don’t fix the issue? Also playing the video and it won’t stop by itself keep continues to play so irritating. Fix the issue first before asking us update. Gosh
Too much pop ups, I cant even read Facebook news now because my whole page will be blocked by a pop up before I even start reading. They say congratulations, you won something and click ok to claim it, not eve an option to decline but they want you to click ok in order for you to read the news 🙄🙄🙄.
Ffgff
Uuugh! Not liking the new update. First off I don't like the "text boxes" for the comments. It make the page cluttered. Secondly, what happened to FB Marketplace?  It's gone!  I loved it and the new update took it away. I want my old version back!
All of a sudden, I can’t reply to any comments without getting an error message. It wasn’t like this yesterday 🙄
Why.. why.. why do I have to constantly update this app ! Each time I do it becomes worse than before. You have taken what was a good app and ruined it. Why am I not able to see posts in the order they are posted? Some fool thought they know better what I want to see and when, so I’m constantly seeing old posts which I end up deleting just so they won’t pop back up again. The only favor you have done is to make it so bad that I don’t care to log in anymore. Leave my account alone and let me experience it as I wish too. FB has turned into junk.
After the latest update, when clicking “more” to open the dialogue box, it is blank from the word “more” on down, so the rest of what was written is not visible. Pretty crappy not being able to see an entire post.
My app updated, and it’s been awful! It’s not letting me see videos, and most live feeds freeze every minute!!!
Freezes up with new iOS version .... needs fixed
For the last week I have not been able to watch live videos or comment on videos while using WiFi.
Useless and complicated, and a lot of large updates
Update won’t play videos awsome
I remember MySpace and I miss that. Stupid of me to ever start with Facebook. For one, GOD FORBID you want to DELETE your account....they won’t let you. Can you say CONTROL!? I don’t want to see people you may know. Ffs I don’t care about people I MAY know. Like complete trash. Not to mention, control us some more and make us have a completely different app for messenger. Once I figure out how to delete my account completely...Deuces. Have fun having your privacy taken.
I hate how videos play now, just tap it and play. I hate that I have to do 3 to 4 motions to watch a video. QUIT IT!!!!
Take all of the moments in your life, from beginning to end, and imagine now that those moments are a person, wait... That’s exactly what life is, stop letting Facebook murder the moments of your life. Become un-obsessed with Useless technology, and maybe we can reconnect with each other
The app crashes every time when I try to use
I just think it’s stupid how I can’t download fb with out having a freaking wifi connect like what happened to downloading over you phone provider network
Hey help me
For no reason the app after update keeps shutdown every 30 second
The videos doesn’t autoplay and this is ridiculous this needs to be fix NOW!!!!
Recently, the menu bar with the apps at bottom of screen,  keep popping up, no matter what I am doing and I have to keep pushing it down.  Also, the apps in  that bar, keep changing.  Never stays the same.  After I use an app, it’s never in the same place.  Move around all the time.  As you can see, my letters often skip extra spaces.  When you have updated an app like when you changed Word to Word2,  I can’t get rid of the old apps without being warned I will lose all information on  my new game you changed.  Also, every single time I type certain letters, it continues to type the same,  wrong letter, every time.  I look at the letter and it is an s like I want, but it automatically flips over to the letter d.  Very annoying and time consuming.  Not only letters, but I have to retype Word after word.  Too much of this for everyday wirds.  See?  I didn’t correct this one, but I have had to retype  at least 20  Words .  RIDICULOUS!  There are more problems, but these all started after the last two updates.   Please, please, look into these problems and Fix them. I hope I do not have to type this again, so please forward if you’re not going to fix this.  I am disabled, this is all I do all day.  I would like to enjoy it.  PLEASE HELP ME WITH THIS.  I have been on IPad fir 6 years. 
I keep getting bumped out of live. It keeps saying Broadcasting error or error loading. I can see comment though. Not fair.
Seriously. This app crashes, won't load content, comments won't load. It's horrible.
After the recent update the app keeps on crashing and it won’t load up any feeds
jjxxjjdjddjdj
You used to be able to scroll through videos now you can only watch one video and you’re not able to scroll through them like you used too.  I enjoyed seeing similar videos without having to search.
One day ago last update dont let me watch random videos seamlessly please give my seamlessly random videos back,pleaseeeeeeee,2/2/18 you guys made a new updated but i am still the same ,no random videos seamlessly plying put my videos back stop taking them away in my ipad and iphone
It keeps crashing every time I tapped the Share button. Really annoying.
I think there’s a bug that makes it so nobody likes my posts. Can they not see them?
Swiping from the left to the right should ALWAYS be ‘back.’ In this stupid app it opens the camera, no matter what screen you’re on. Also, the newest update brought auto transmission selection in the marketplace, but not manual. So if you’re looking for a 5 speed car your sol still
... but I can’t log in to my account... I sent for a reset password link a few times and I still haven’t received an email to reset it... I usually don’t have a issue wit Facebook... I’ve been a member since 07-08 but if I can’t access my Facebook I’m goin to just give up on it...
The app crashes when trying to tag people that are a lot in one image like around 20 images recognized ! When you attempt to tag the app crashes!!
Since recent update I am unable to upload more than 2 photos at a time.  Please respond.
I liked how it was before. Simple and smooth to use. Now the feed takes forever to load, as well as videos. Comments don’t even appear half the time or they take ages to load. Also sending/receiving money through messenger is a headache. I was sent money and reluctantly had to put in my debit card to receive it, only to have it placed on hold. I had to fill out a form with a picture of my id (which is ridiculous) and it’s been 2 days with no response. I would’ve deleted this thing if it wasn’t for the fact that it’s the only way to communicate with friends and family
Nobody wants to know when someone updates there profile pic. To complicated to use. Uses a separate app for messaging. A awful app. I would rather use twitter, Snapchat, or Instagram! Oh and you have to both be friend in it you can’t just follow them! 
Ads in the middle of videos are annoying but I get it, you guys need to make money somehow.   My main complaint is how the app refreshes itself each time it’s opened. If I leave the app without completely closing out of it to view another app, then go back to the fb app, it refreshes back on my newsfeed automatically every time. I’m in a lot of science based groups, educational help groups, etc. So I often leave the app to find sources on the internet to share, and I have to struggle to find the post I wanted to share the articles on each time. This can be very inconvenient and annoying! Please fix this. If I don’t completely close the app and leave it open in the background I would like to see the same post it was left on prior to leaving it. 
App
I hate ads or suggested ads, I also hate how political Facebook is getting. When I first had Facebook it was for friends and family, but now my Facebook is being flooded with political crap.   The marketplace could use some upgrading, it would be nice to be able to have a video of what your selling. Nothing longer then 1 min long. You should be able to have pictures and videos for your market. 
Not helpful, makes people life miserable...
How can we get marketplace on our iPads?
Let us know what is in your updates so annoying
My account constantly gets shut out even though I’ve done nothing wrong on it. Also when you try to get ahold of the actual company you can’t so you can’t get answers to your questions. I have been locked out of my account 4 times in the last month and a half.
This app is beyond annoying. I couldn’t tell you the last time I saw something from people who I’m actually close with. It appears like all I see is ads and spam posts. I also don’t want to see ads 1/4 of the way into the video that I am trying to watch. Ruining a good thing here
It is frustrating the way Facebook starts over at the beginning of my feed when I stop using it for a little while. Why doesn’t it just stay in the theater where I left off? It’s so hard to find an article or post or even an ad that I was reading that I’ve really reduced how much I use it.
Keep it simple. Bigger (more features) isn’t always better. Updates have vague descriptions - tell us EXACTLY what feature or bug fix is being updated so that we can decide if we want to install it. Please, keep the page where it’s at while we scroll through the feed and don’t have it automatically pop back up to the top. We should be in control of the refresh rate.   I wish Mark Zuckerberg was still the primary software engineer designing and writing his website. It’s just too much and too many unknown vague updates. 
Please help me, the Facebook application in my device iPhone 5s finished it’s performance automatically every five minutes or every one minute when I use it please solve  this problem
government bought fb so everyone is being watch a world with no privacy we regularly update our app so we can spy on you in more detail
The Facebook app is terrible. I am really sick of updates from three days ago being at the top of my feed. I don’t want to see posts from only pages and groups. I want to see my friend’s posts. I didn’t sign up for a propaganda machine. Fix your stupid app!
What happened to videos automatically playing?  And what happened to the multiple video feeds when viewing a video?  Come on guys. Why change something that was finally getting better to something that’s not??
More bloated than Windows on a PC. Nuff said.
My account keeps getting locked out for “suspicious activity”. I end up having to send facebook a picture to prove I am who I say I am. When I get my account back after a few days it never tells me what the suspicious activity was.  This happens around once a month.  Now I’m locked out due to “suspicious activity” once again. But everytime I try to send the image the page refreshes and says that my network isn’t stable and to connect to a better network. And it also gets rid of the file I selected. I’ve tried changing the file type of the picture. From JPG to PNG I’ve tried uploading different pictures all of me. And of different file types all with no luck. Im not making another Facebook account. I’ve already had to do that once due to losing my phone. It’s way to much work to re-add all of my friends and family. Plus I’ll probably still have to deal with getting locked out all the time. So I guess I’m done using Facebook. 
The feed is just a disaster, extremely messy and makes it impossible to go through. At times it contains only videos I keep scrolling and scrolling and it only shows videos and then it crashes? Other times it shows only old posts ? Why can’t there by a chronological order people? Why did you do that to fb and instagram?? Also most of the time the comments do not show up or only few show up I don’t know why? And the camera feature thing, I move my fingers and it just pops up to my face Im sick of it.. if I accidentally close the app or turn my face for few minutes the newsfeed just goes to the beginning even if i had a certain post opened that I haven’t finished.. just why???
Works get rid of the adds
Facebook has blocked my account until I send them proof of my identity. They’re asking to see either my drivers license or credit card with my name on it. Yea ok facebook👌🏻. Why would I share that information with you when I can just create another account with the same name without sharing my personal info? It doesn’t matter what Facebook does a user can always create another account thru a different cell phone. Facebook should just call it quits. they’ve shown they can’t control and often endorse the fake news their site puts out. Their employees are clearly out of touch with their peers and most of the country. It’s blatantly obvious they are over privileged and pretentious people that will never know a “hard days work” and think accountability is something their accountants do.  As proof they won’t stop, they’ll continue to run it into the ground by listening to half-wit suggestions from people who are desperately trying to stand out from their coworkers rather than just accepting that the best wheel design is round. Facebook -constantly lowering the bar. Intelligent people know how easy it is to manipulate their lesser counterparts. Facebook doesnt understand this because they are not intelligent but rather inexperienced , self entitled, over confident and pretentious people. INTELLIGENCE CAN NOT BE LEARNED.
Does not update
The new update on my iPhone 5s is hanging
I’m very disappointed that my Marketplace was removed. Not sure that I understand why some people have it and some don’t.   Also the ads during videos have gotten carried away. If an ad pops up I scroll past it. No since in wasting advertiser dollars on me. 
Update it again it’s strugglin
So right now I’m trying to upload photos but won’t, it freezes up at 90%. I hate swiping left and camera feature comes up, I never wanted that. I see post that are days or weeks old on my newsfeed. Many problems on fb app, needs fixing!
Ahead of it's time... Looking forward to better UX.
I absolutely despise this app. It never works right. It always crashes. I will be reading something in my newsfeed and it will just the page will just update, closing out what I was trying to read. Half the time the marketplace part of it barely works if ever. I turn notifications off for specific posts or just crap that I could care less about and they just magically appear in my newsfeed an hour later. 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬 if i didn’t have family that lives in other states and in other countries I wouldn’t have Facebook. 🙄🙄
Never had a problem with the app until 2 days ago, literally will not load anything anytime I open the app. Just shows a white screen with blue header and footer. I’ve tried restarting my phone and closing all my apps and nothing has worked :(
So now Facebook wants to run a dating service by seeing who wants to meet up, come fb please remove this feature.
I have auto play set to work when connected to WiFi and it still doesn’t work. Also the up next feature is no longer there.
Since going public, to many ads, to much junk on there now.  Its all about ads, cant click on anything without it trying to play ads or have ads or 10 pages of ads to see 10 photos.  Its ridiculous anymore.
Decent app but...I’d be happier and less stressed if I could block politics and religion. I’ve been staying in Instagram more lately. Less stressful and bitchy. Considering making my own app that pulls in the Facebook feed but let’s you block keyword topics.
Why y’all keep sending updates after I already updated it?
Need to revamp and make it fun again... Boring Boring......
Have to delete this app every tome I get one of those ‘Congratulations, you’ve just won a $1000 Walmart gift card/cruise/Amazon gift card/name of some stupid ‘prize’’ messages that locks up the app. No way to get rid of the message save for getting rid of the app itself and reinstalling it. Also, a serious memory and battery hog. Need to get a better ad blocker and see if that will get rid of the malware popups. Really annoying.
I’m sorry people! But please understand how things work! Before you bad mouth a app! Everyone who makes a app has to work off a platform if you well. That’s putting that in layman terms. If it dose not work well! Either delete it and reinstall or buy a newer phone. 🤪
So happy
Like it!
As of today 2/1/18, I updated the app but since then, the app loading runs for ever. I re downloaded it but still doesn’t work.
About 4 hours till now i have a problem on my facebook when i open it it closed
In my opinion I do not like the new and updated part of watching videos on Facebook where it shows up next, comments and about when you first open it. Please change it back to just scrolling through to watch videos!
Please respond to one of my many attempts at asking for help with someone stalking me on Facebook. Tried you guys through email messenger help and support and even Twitter. And nothing. For a company that is about people and communication that’s pathetic. I have a serious problem and need help!
Just deleted Facebook because it so slow.
App doesn’t open at all.. after last update
I’ve made a non personal Facebook account and it kicks me off of it. Not allowing me to upload a photo to prove myself.
I continue to see the same things over and over, I can change to see most recent on my computer which helps but not on the app. So annoying.
Why don’t the videos on my news feed play automatically anymore??? I have it set up to play on mobile data and WiFi! Fix this please!!!
updates keep getting worse and worse. the notifications don’t show up in order. 
Excellent
all the messaging connections r unable to connect, and all of the other stuff that i’ve read on this page. PLZ FIX THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
On the iPhone X, trying to rewind or fast forward the video player in articles conflicts with home screen indicator gestures.
This app isn’t the best you don’t even need to download it to get to Facebook but it’s not the worst thing and I think people are a little to harsh but it’s whatever
One star for useless update summary. Also, why does a social media app need to be so large?
Seriously I’m tired of using this app, every time i try to open some link it crashes. And I never ever saw Marketplace on my app. And there is no solution for it.
This latest update now shows when people are online!!??!! I can’t stress enough how upset this makes me. It’s beyond intrusive! I am really thinking about deleting altogether over this! Who thought this was a good idea? WHO?
Another update! And next week there will be another and we get to that another and another and another and another after that give me a GED break
The title says it all, theres not one video i want to watch and its interrupted with an ad. Like this is not youtube, facebook shouldn't have ads at all. You guys r a billion dollar company u seriously need ads now? ☹️ i know ads are short but they really ruin the videos for me
For whatever reason the marketplace never loads in my fb app any more. And the adds should really be at the beginning of the videos. The fact that my 2 minute video gets interrupted by a ridiculous add is an asinine move by fb admin.
The app has not been connecting to the for sale tab for couple days now. I tap it, takes me to it, but never loads up! 🤬 Please fix!   P.s. you should make it so you can flip your phone rectangular and still scroll FB😉 
Goodbye Facebook app.  You didn\'t learn from the mistakes of MySpace and got too greedy.  Those video ads are extremely annoying!
Add video calling to the app
You have ruined my entire Facebook experience with adding this ads on to videos. The have never been there before and no one like them. There should be an option to upgrade and not have to worry about ads.
I've been on Facebook for so long, but now I cant even log in or submit a report about login issues. So here, Facebook WAS working until someone decided "lets log her out of her account and never let her back in!" BECAUSE THATS WHATS HAPPENING.
I don’t see why Facebook can’t find a better way to upload photos why can’t you pull them from your phones album instead of having to scroll all the way down 😒 but they let you have reactions to useless things
I see every time Facebook says it will highlight every thing that they update...hahaha I don't ever see the highlights they talk about.... Or new features... I haven't seen any new features... What are they upgrading every time I don't see a difference..... Nor do I see speed either..... I guess I'm not impressed...
With all due respect, I think you guys update the app too often. I love Facebook but it’s starting to take up a bunch of my memory with these “regular updates” which honestly I’m not really seeing any difference. My advice is to just release a stable update and keep it there until you guys have done some great UI improvements and so on, but for now it’s very good where it’s at.
Keeps freezing up every time I open it on the iPad. Very frustrating!
It keeps collapsing and the layout is very inconsistent whenever I log in and out of the app.
New update won’t allow the app to load.  Unusable.
This app allows users to select the FB account for login when multiple accounts are used on one tablet; however only three accounts are saved at a time for this quick login feature. App needs to be able to keep unlimited multiple logins. Facebook itself was created to engage users to share personal moments and increase the ability to connect with friends and family online; however information is dull and repetitive. Instagram & other social media outlets win the market here.
Why did y’all stop the viral videos??? Please put that feature back on
There are many many many many BUGS in Arabic version !!!
I am Cambodian. Facebook update new policy and new program for separating new explore and new feed. Now my new feeds appeared my friends’ post or share 2 days ago or more. And when I posted my new post, after 2 days ago that my friend see my post. I don’t want Facebook new update. I really want to see my friends new feed recently and I want my friends see new feed of me recently too. And I want to see page news that I like recently and funny video of pages too.  Please give me back new feed recently! Thank you! 
Please get rid of the camera on Facebook. I can barely use the FB app without accidentally swiping and opening the camera. After that, my app sometimes crashes, things stop loading, or just in general things start messing up.   How many people ACTUAL use that camera, anyways?   It’s useless. Get rid of it.   Also, why can’t I post photos in replies to comments? That should be something pretty basic to figure out. 
I had an account. Facebook tells me that they believe that I’m not posting, someone else is posting. It thinks my account was compromised so I created a new one. Facebook worked for a few days, then I get the same message that I’m locked out until I upload a picture that clearly shows my face? Why should you know what I look like???
New camera thing is weird. click on links from trusted pages and get hit with spam, then have to delete and re-download the app. Also please stop with all the advertisements in the middle of the videos.
Have been requesting to close an old profile for quite sometime. I’m unable to sign on it. Will be seeking legal action soon, if it’s not taken care of. This account has been causing problems with my new relationship. I am divorced and remarried. Please get it done!!!
My brother with an android can access Facebook market place but I can't on iPhone what the hell Facebook
Facebook app for android has about 60 MB and facebook for iOS has 260 MB. Android app is fast and iOS app is slow during scolling old feed. Why iOS app has more MB and slow?
I was notified by an acquaintance that they saw my profile picture, which included my minor children in the photo, on another account. I reported the profile to Facebook and was told that the person had done nothing outside of the rules and no action was taken until I myself confronted the account user. Thanks for the help Facebook. 😒
I see posts from a week ago instead of seeing them in order comments take a while to load and everything is just trash please fix up this trash
I don’t want to write a status every time I share a post. Bring back Share Now. Most stupid updated feature. How obnoxious.
而且还容易闪退
Facebook & messenger app are worst!!! One morning all of a sudden I got logged out & it kept asking for selfie upload! I did & it still didn’t work.! The messenger app kept connecting/ disconnecting repeatedly and no message comes in. I tried to update it and it’s still the same. They’re mess!! I just regret wasting my Data on them! No need to stress, I’d just delete the two apps! They’re better & best apps to download. Facebook and its messenger is a mess!!!
The app freezes all the time. I’ve completely given up checking my Facebook on a daily basis.
The app suits my life perfectly. I got hooked up with all the girls I crushed on in high school and my skateboard collections grown a few hundred decks in the last two years. I’ve never had any major issues other than the most recent update and that is that I’m not sure how to send a friend request or to even find out if anyone’s on my friends list
Until the Facebook app for iPhone includes an easily accessible button to view my profile as public (as non-friends see it) I consider all of the other privacy settings as fluff. What is so hard about making this available/easy on this app? Don’t tell me to login on browser. It’s a FACEBOOK APP so I don’t have to do that! What is Facebook not telling its users about this feature?
Please go back to the old format if I wanna look at cars or furniture I will do a search. Please don’t try to predetermine what I am looking for. I am looking for anything that catches my eye.
Now when I unfollow a post or a page completely I am still getting update on a particular post. This app is crap
Facebook USED to be great! But it doesn't load comments or videos. Won’t let u post anything and always crashes!
But force closed on iphone 6+ 11.2.5
I said muslin Immigrants were raping women in Sweden and Facebook turn my account off and wonder if I would’ve said Catholic priests are raping children if they would I turn my Facebook off. My friend is Swedish and her sons live in Sweden and she’s American and she was going back to visit her sons and they told her she cannot walk at night because it’s so dangerous from all the immigrants and their girlfriends have to be so careful because of the immigrants because of all the reps from the immigrants and those immigrants are Muslim origin religion so what is the difference between a Catholic priest Ray been in a Muslim raping I ask you about Facebook
Last upgrade won’t let any new accepted friends populate ..pages don’t load and videos lag ... where the patch!
I wanted facebook for one thing...... marketplace and i cant get the tab for it and i see alot of others have the same crap issue.
Help ..stop blocking
Why can’t I delete people anymore. Y’all making people be friends now?
Nice job
I used to think this app was cool until I realized that it’s pointless. Anyone that I’d message I can just text/FaceTime/DM. It seems to be useful for hackers to send spam though. Also the delete message function in this app is absolutely horrible. Is it too much to ask for it to be simple swipe to delete? Why tap then swipe? Sometimes it deletes the message below the one I want to delete.
I don’t understand why I have to download 2 apps if I want to reply to a private message. I don’t want to have a Facebook Messenger on my phone, but I’m forced to download it to reply or even view a message. Frustrating and annoying!!!
What is with the “Your session has run out, re enter your password” thing? Ive been dealing with people who know all my passwords and I just lost access because “My session ran out” so now i lost access to everyone on facebook because I dont know my password and “Theres no way to access your account since you cant see your email” Why does it have to be so “secure”? I lose access to one thing, and now ive lost access to everything cuz of my email being hacked. I can no longer be in contact with anyone, I literally dont have access to anything anymore. Its all ruined and “Sorry, theres nothing you can do to access your account” Theres literally nothing I can do now. So woo hoo, facebook has gone down the drain
App crashes and freezes constantly. Issue seems to occur no matter what I’m doing. I can be browsing my timeline, reading an article, watching a video...and then nothing.  Also, these ads that they’ve just thrown in the middle of videos are absolutely ridiculous. Why would I need to see an ad in the middle of a 30 second video? Seriously? 
Why does this app crash every single time I try to open a Page? You have too much money and man power for this to still be an issue. Fix it
Why does the in-app sounds even play? My phone volume is all the way down and muted! Yet facebook still wants dumb clicking sounds! And no matter how many times i turn it off in settings, it keeps coming back! 
I can’t access market place from the app at all I’ve tried everything and it’s the whole reason I downloaded Facebook 😢😭
When you try to write ㅇ and ㅣ together, they never combine. Hey facebook, you update almost every two weeks. Can’t you fix this serious bug instead of minor updates which seem pointless?
For some reason the Facebook app says I have no internet connection when I am on my cell phone internet.  Only when I’m at home on my WiFi can I use the Facebook app.   I’ve done all the updates, even tried turning phone off and deleting app and reinstalling it.
It will be really nice Facebook can add an option if someone is watching live video on Facebook they can actually exit the app and use their phone and not have the video turn off. Because I use my Facebook app a lot to listen to live music played by different DJs and it’s really annoying when I exit the app the music turns off.. please add this feature thank you 👏🏼♥️
Facebook design philosophy: -Ignore requested features and bug fixes -Add “features” that nobody wanted and makes the app even more bloated and unusable  -Remove any functionality that people like or fine useful 
Bad work , they should fix and develop this application, Please 
I’ve updated my iOS platform. I’ve updated FB. I’ve deleted the app and reloaded it. I’ve powered my phone off and turned it back on.  Yet I can only access one particular group via the web. Trying to access it from my phone causes the FB app to crash.  And it only happens with the one group.... 
It keeps logging me out in the middle of me scrolling down my timeline and I constantly have to change my password every-time I am logged out. Also when I click like on a post it says “action cannot be done” then has options saying “this is a mistake” and “ok”
Fb icon is gone cannot open the app nomore!
After the most recent update, I can’t scroll through related videos anymore. I loved that feature because I could see things that wouldn’t normally be on my feed. I’m not sure if this feature was deleted on purpose or not, but I’m so sad it’s gone! I’ve deleted the app and reinstalled thinking it was me, but nope. Still won’t work.
Please try to fix. It started to crash a lot. I am unable to view two posts in a row!!!!
Why i cant get in im very angry they told me to send a pic to confirm of it me or not and they told try later
Harder to navigate, find groups you are in, and still have no idea where I navigate to my business page, like I do in a browser. When you watch a video then close the page the audio continues and there’s no way to shut off without closing the app. I’m back to using FB on safari.
How can Facebook screw up their own app?  I don’t know either but it is completely useless now.  Doesn’t work on the iPhone at all.  Taking this app off.  Will just use the website, but it’s amazing to me that Facebook has ruined its own app.
How come videos/etc still play after I’ve closed the article. I have to pause the sound using my music app or force shut down Facebook.  Whoever programs videos for Facebook is either lazy or an idiot 
Constantly have to uninstall do to fact I stop getting my notifications. Very frustrating. Video freeze. I want the old Facebook back
Every time I try to look at the market place it won’t open I’m about ready to delete my Facebook all together because it’s nothing but crap either fix it or I’m done.
The latest update is very buggy and crashes frequently. Newsfeed sometimes doesn’t load at all.
Getting worse instead of better 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Useless updates. 😤you  Should bring back the  old Facebook.
1). You have NOT updated the “Saved” section properly!!!! Why is it hard to add a search button on there?!? So tired of scrolling endlessly through hundreds of posts I’ve saved to find what I wanted to watch then!! 2). I absolutely hate the new video watching!! It was easier when you could watch a video before, and then it would play so many related videos after that one.. I could watch them for hours because they had good videoclips that I could not see on my own timeline!!! Why change something that’s good..?!?! And it’s annoying having to click on a video and have to pull it down so u can hide the “next videos”..... PLEASE FIX!!!!! 
veryverygoodအလြန္႔အလြန္ေကာင္း
I keep getting this message every time I click like.  Sorry, this feature isn’t available right now.   So I deleted the app and hope this fixes the issue. 
I haven’t logged into Facebook for months because it kept pushing me to install this app. Why? So I downloaded it again finally and within 2 minutes remembered why I no longer visit Facebook. It’s a mess. The timeline is filled with things and people I have no interest in. Customizability is tedious.  The privacy options Byzantine. Everything that makes Instagram and Twitter lovely or tolerable is absent from this app. Uninstalling, again.
Won't stop emailing me regardless of settings. Full of hidden sponsored content. Requires a second app for in app messaging!
Remember when you could send a message through Fakebook? Pepperidge Farms does.
Takes forever to upload anything. I made of post of a 20 photos and a few videos on the 18th on January. I went on today, the 30th, to add some more photos and videos. The last post wasn’t even uploaded yet. Like what the hell, why is it taking so long to upload stuff now. Thankfully it doesn’t crash anymore, but don’t fix a problem just to have more pop up. This is becoming very annoying to deal with. I might as well just stick to using the mobile browser instead of the app, at least the browser won’t do this stuff with me. Not to mention it freezes every so often for no reason. This is just getting plain annoying and ridiculous at this point. Fix the app and stop trying to make it fancy like all the other apps until you can fix all the bugs that are happening. And the weekly updates are doing nothing, but slowing it down even more. Just fix the problem before it gets any worse
After latest update, I cannot share via IPhone app!
With Apple’s planned obsolescence for iPhones, this app is slower than a Cupertino traffic jam. Terrible. 1 star is too generous.
Use to be good. Too many ads for videos. Won't download without wifi now. It use to before.
Don’t know what the heck FB has done this time but things constantly freeze and posts won’t load... it’s ridiculous
I don’t like most people on Facebook because the way they act they can really hurt someone’s feelings if it gets too serious.
Zucc
too many bytes for LTE
Please!! It takes up so much space for nothing. Unless youre changing an actual feature, the bi-weekly updates are ridiculous and should be lessened. Ugh.
A year and another phone later and photos and event guest lists still never load even after endless waiting.
I don’t know what’s wrong but, the app is updated and everything, but still doesn’t appear any Facebook Watch tab anywhere...
I don’t understand why I don’t have the market place option at the bottom of my screen? Even when I look at something sent to from the market place it crashes automatically.
This app is the WORST!
I deleted the app and reinstalled it many time with no success
My Facebook is not working at all because I don’t know what to my Facebook in the afternoon and I am trying to log in but my Facebook password is not working at all. My Facebook back in my phone
The iPhone App periodically restarts itself, destroying the contents of the comment you were writing.  This happens more frequently when you switch away for a moment, which I do when obtaining a link to a reference I want to post.  It's very annoying. Especially if you've written a detailed comment and just want to finish it off with the references. 
After latest my Facebook update my app has ceased to work. I cannot even delete it.
How do you add friends now?  I don’t see the option anymore and there Is no where to edit friend list, like close friends or restricted ???
Stupid clumsy programming.
Recor publico
I manage several groups on Facebook. When I select the 3 bars at the bottom right and select my group shortcut it takes me to the group page for one second before crashing/force closes the Facebook app completely. I cannot access my groups without it crashing! This just became an issue as I accessed my group page just yesterday w no issues.   This is a problem.  Conveniently on their support center section I can read several posts on how to fix other issues but nowhere could I post an issue myself or contact support! Please fix  Update: still experiencing this crashing issue. It literally shuts down the entire Facebook app but still saves the cache so I can open it back up quickly.  Only happens when I go to my group tab and click on the group that I admin specifically! I can go to other groups under that tab but will crash if I go into mine!  What is going on??!!!!!!! 
Stupid app can’t even get an update to start. Every time I click update it restarts and says update again.
Takes feedback poorly.  Also, needs to be easier to find things as a page admin on ios (eg invite friends, add admins, etc.) 
stop sending notifications of notifications that i already seen
After the latest update the app keeps on crashing, it was even crashing before i updated it for few hours! Plz fix this issue. Thank u
When will the Birthday Link be in operation?  Even with the past update it’s still out of service🤭
Freezes up constantly and videos are slow and pause themselves to buffer... so dumb.  If I could say zero stars I would.
Just, Why?
So over night my market place disappeared. And I've tried deleting, and reinstalling the app. I updated my phones iOS. Cleared the data and cache from the Facebook app. And nothing is working. If someone sends my a link from the market place, I can't open it. If I google Facebook market place and try and access it there, my phone crashes. I'm annoyed.
We need new react buttons Lol😂 ! Especially dislike !
As title.
after installing the last update it crashes all the time
The new way the marketplace fees is set up is terrible.  Just got back to a massive feed and allow the user to filter the kind of things they want to see (cars, technology, tools, furniture, etc.).
The last update made the application almost useless. When I am typing in a response to a feed entry, it opens in a popup window. Any touch outside of the window, even accidental, and the whole response text already typed in is gone. In the previous versions of the application, I could recover the typed in text by going to the same place in the feed. It does not work anymore. In one case, I have missed the arrow to post the response and I have lost the whole response instead. Update (1/30/2018): It is even worse than I previously though. Very often, when I try to open a link embedded in a post, all I get is “Can’t connect” message. I have just try to do the same in a browser and the link opened just fine. Moreover, the link was to a Facebook note. Why Facebook cannot open its own links? 
Is it really necessary to have when someone updated their bio last? It's no ones business that I updated my bio two minutes ago or two weeks ago.. or 4 months ago. And I can't find a way to shut it off. It's information that doesn't need to be broadcasted.
Facebook is just okay. Honestly, it’s sloppy, because every time I look at a video, the app freezes. No thanks.
The fact you have to download a whole other app to view messages is pointless. Then what happens to the ppl hat don't have enough room to download it or don't have a computer to view their messages. I feel like they're getting too messy trying to keep up with other social media. I think it's time to DELETE but permanently !!!
Fhdhu
Whats wrong with your app !! I can’t stay in for even a minute  You update the app to make it better or worse ? 
I noticed my friends have been posting/adding their standard Facebook posts to their Facebook stories.... It gives them an option when they go to post.... I don’t seem to have that option! And Ove reported without any feedback.... would appreciate any help!
fk u Facebook i frickin love you and I'm comin back
Totally overrated
Can you set up a way for us to see what people are looking at our posts, photos, videos and etc...  Please please please do this. I would like to know who sees my stuff. I remember a few years ago FB allowed you to see the names under views. But now you don’t. Why?   Love all you do. Thank you!! 
Can’t find my family in the jungle of ads.  Most frustrating, and when you open something to read it’s just more ads.
Please fix the problem of not being able to scroll through any list of people without it moving up on it’s own bringing you back to the very top of the list you already scrolled through. Super annoying.
This app is garbage  I admin a page of over 30,000 people and don’t have all the features I’m supposed to. I can’t mute members, my requests don’t come up half the time, and I can’t find members when I search for them in my member list.   This is ridiculous. I am not getting updates when I’m supposed to and my app always looks different than my husband’s who has the same exact phone. I might as well use the safari version instead because this app is garbage. 
Give us the option to accept if we want to be a part of a group.
Stop trying to improve the Facebook experience. I don’t want notices that my friends looked at a site and I might be interested. I want to see my friends posts. I also don’t want to prioritize my friends. Just let me see my friends posts.
Why do I have to tell it who I want to be able to see my posts? How can I make it always post to my friends unless I choose to limit access again? I hate new updates that add an unnecessary step and want it changed back or to be told how to set it to always!
App is buggy. The is continuously crashing. Trying to upload 40 mix photos and videos and It crashes every time. Crap.
I never come and seek out an update. Lately the Facebook App has me doing exactly that. I don’t know what you did but it’s so glitchy lately.  How about some beta testers before releasing a new update?  I’d be happy to help when I have time. When I’m trying to accomplish something important, it would be nice if it didn’t keep crashing. 
When I go into my notifications and the list of people that liked my pic, I try to click on a person’s name to go into their profile and it goes to someone’s else profile. Then I try to coment in a pic after openning it and it doesnt even show me the tab to like or comment, I am tired, so many issues
Nope. Won’t use this app. I don’t like the terms and conditions. Too invasive. Also, I don’t like facebook’s involvement with election meddling, it’s initial denial of doing so. This just isn’t an honest company.
Search bar doesn’t work on iOS 11. Always accidentally hit share when I want to just go back. Camera open if I don’t scroll perfectly straight. Getting a little too busy. Keep it simple. 
I been trying to deleted Facebook because it got boring ever time I deleted it after few minutes the app is back so I always try to ignored but I can’t
I just updated the app and now I can’t see most of the features in my Facebook. I just wanted to look at my followers and it gave me a blank page. I searched something and ...blank page.
Why are you deleting me from groups I wish to partake??? Do you want to have a business or not?  Or do you want a half baked business?  This company is becoming a joke!!
I keep getting a notification badge saying I have way more notifications than I actually have. For example, today alone, I have seen 5 on the badge, when I only have 1, and 7 on the badge when I only really have 3. It’s annoying.
It takes to long to load up after opening.
عماد حامد
Have iPhone 7 Plus. Checked my battery bc it keeps draining quick. Facebook app using 51%. Hopefully an update fixes battery use/draining issue. I really like Facebook though.
I had a Facebook acontece for 11 years, now i get logged out asked to take a selfie and send a pic of an id ..... trash
When update comes to the App Store for this app and even messenger the update sizes are to much when someone has a 16 gig iPad or iPhone it’s take majority of your space
Ads in middle of video ruin the point of watching a video. Also. If I restart the video after watching the ad, it still makes you watch it again. I’m taking a break from this platform.
This app crashes more than a crash test dummy in a car,what are all the updates for? They say they fix stuff but it's all lies! Facebook needs to get their act together and actually fix stuff.
I think this feature should be one you can choose if you want to see or not. I’ve heard a lot of people complain about this feature besides myself. The same people always pop up anyway. I also would like to be notified when someone new is following me.
I’m never returning back to Facebook they disabled my account for no reason I was going to check it this morning and it was disabled so new users beware and expect for your account to be disabled out of nowhere
Everyone knows Facebook, easy access, notifications if wanted. Still had to delete the app though, wasted too much time looking at funny videos or memes.
Bad app. Super annoying. Sends you notifications for everything and doesn't let you do things you can do in desktop.
This version doesn’t let me open links.  I have t send them to safari to see them.  I can’t even look at settings because it’s a link/option.   I can still read and watch videos, but can’t view squat😡
Yall need to make an option where u can hide your “About Me” from ppl
I’m so glad I deleted my app. It’s been almost a year. It clogged up my phone, the glitches were frustrating, it would lose my entire post if I accidentally hit a wrong key or switched apps to look up a fact, it didn’t function how it was supposed to, and worst thing is I didn’t see all my friends posts! I would go to look at their profile and see many posts that never appeared on my timeline. I don’t just want to see posts from those I frequently interact with- I want to see all of them, in the order that they’re posted. I’m on the verge of being done with FB entirely. My life is much better for it now that I rarely am on it.
This app crashes 4 out of every 5 times I use it.
I sort of use Facebook as my scrapbook, so I upload a lot of photos of all of my trips. I do all of the uploading on my laptop, but when I view the same photos on my iPhone using this app, the photos are out of order which ruins the visual of whatever sequence of events I was trying to share. When I go back and check the album on my laptop, it’s fine, but phone-viewers won’t be able to see my display as I uploaded it. It’s very frustrating!
Hating the new update things that where simple suddenly became hidden or hard to find making you search endlessly for dumb things like how to delete people. From their profile
Can you please make files available inside the app versus having to log in with a browser!!
Even after I post stuff from other sites it does not show up. And it does not translate to English.
I’m so sick of Facebook and their ridiculous useless updates. Every single week it’s another 250+ mb update that does absolutely nothing but change stupid crap no one cares about like the way the font looks. Now they’re doing close to a 300mb update!? I’ll have zero storage left on my phone if I kept doing these useless updates. I’m beyond over this app.
Facebook needs to chill on all the blocking and “Facebook jail” and your comment was marked as spam.... like chillllllll it’s social media it ain’t that serious 🙄
I’ve never hated a UX experience more than the new video player on this Facebook app. I don’t want to see a white distracting screen with the playlist while I’m trying to watch a video and I don’t want to have to be forced to rotate my phone itself to watch in full screen mode (to get rid of the aforementioned playlist.) Additionally, half the time I hit the next button it does nothing and just clicks back into the video. It’s the worst. The combo of this plus the new algorithm means I’m definitely using Facebook a lot less. I open Facebook at 4:00 pm and see the EXACT same stories I saw at noon; it’s nearly impossible to find new content now. If I didn’t interact with it the first time I saw it, don’t show it to me again.
Wish you could switch a page to group without hassle.  Dont pay to advertise your page either! They guaranteed 750 visitors, I got 65 🤬🤬🤬🤬
Please fix the GiF comment selection. When you scroll through the Gifs and inadvertently select a gif from selection of gifs, your comment is immediately added to the comment. This process should allow Facebook user a way approve the gif.
a
Seriously, since my app updated itself, it doesn’t give me the capability to scroll down after I’ve clicked on a video to watch more videos. Please fix this or I’m just going to delete the app.
I’ve been trying to upload 6 different pictures for 3 weeks with no success, I’ve tried logging out, logging in, deleting and reloading the app, restarting my phone, using maybe 7 different internet connections, uploading two photos at a time, and literally nothing has worked. I am so annoyed at this and I don’t understand why it’s not working.
the one thing i is facebook for is the market place and for some odd reason it is not working and if you could fix the problem that would be very much appreciated .
Facebook Need To Fix Video Audio Trying Uploading Video Sound  Wired
Videos don’t play, they just buffer forever
On my newsfeed...not one or two posts with everyone commenting on it, or ads, or whose playing what games...etc!!  I should already be following those I am friends with, and shouldn’t have to “follow” them to see what they post.  Also get rid of all the fake smutt accounts!!  This isn’t an “adult” app!  😤
every time you try do basically anything besides look at pictures it completely crashes. I’ve tried everything, it just keeps crashing.
For some reason I cannot find a fix to this issue. I cannot get the FB Marketplace icon to show up on my iPad. Help please.
Excellent app! And thank you for continuously improving it.  One feature that I’d love to have is the ability to change the photos order in a post.  An easy and intuitive way to drag photos to the right order (I can do that on the desktop but not on my iPhone). I figure a grid of photos thumbnails where we could easily drag the photos to the right spot (similar to iOS app rearrangement).  Thanks for always listening! 
When I open Facebook to view my newsfeed, all it is is a page saying i need to add more friends to see their posts and photos. Noooooo, I need you to stop blocking my newsfeed page with this message and I can see it just fine. It’s so irritating. It makes the app completely useless. Why would you block my newsfeed for any reason? What the hell. Fix your problem.
The app tells me that I have four notifications when actually I may only have one or two. It’s never correct.
Glitches and don’t let me watch Lives videos I’m mad at you Facebook 😡😡😡
My phone froze the other day when I was trying to open Facebook app. I had to shut the phone down as I couldn't do anything. I deleted the app as I thought that would help. I am now unable to get the Facebook app back on my phone.
Love the app! Hopefully with the new phone update my phone will work great on fb!
The games are awesome
Overall Facebook is a Greta social media app, but I would appreciate it if they would stop automatically cropping photos when trying to post in the marketplace.
I have upgraded this app and am now being told it can not be downloaded ! What gives?  Please help!!! I want to go back to Facebook!!!I   I have the same concern as above. It was uploading and now it seems to be stuck. It says pending and I have not been able to use it for three days.  Please fix this and let me know what the problem is. Thank you and please respond. HELP!!! PLEASE!  Sharon Shea 
The app is clunky and slow.  We tried to watch a video on facebook watch and it was a complete fail even thought I have comcast mega blast fast Wifi !!
Update done this afternoon and now I can’t open and read any comments from people
Video stops playing after a few seconds
Facebook can be wonderful and useful. This app does make it easier on smartphones however were are all the app settings under settings? They've been gone for a while now.  and SERIOUSLY important.... Why does the app insist on refreshing when I'm reading something, go to another app (like to answer a text) come back and what I was reading is gone and I'm back to the top of the app. BTW turning off Background refresh in OS x, has no affect. 
For no reason FB has taken it upon themselves to suspend my account. I have no offensive photos, I’m not running a business, use minimal bad language. And FB won’t answer an kind of message sent? So do the math. 
I miss being able to watch video threads, where a video plays directly after the one you’re playing
In my iPhone and iPad, the app is crashing. Please, fix this. Getting worse and worse every update...
I can hardly use this app. It’s so annoying.
I agree with the USELESS posting already here☹️☹️ FB freezes and the only solution is deleting it and reloading it again. 
No complaints other than the fact that it seems Android users cannot mention my name in posts. My brother has iPhone C and can tag me just fine however friends with androids, like my cousin, can’t seem to tag me. Please update.
Too many passwords makes this app too difficult to use.
Facebook was one of the best social networks. They screwed everything up from news feed to making it have Snapchat stories. If I want to post something for only 24 hours I’ll go to Snapchat. Nobody likes the new crap. Also I turned off the automatic updates to prevent more crap from being shoved in my face, however, today I’m now forced to update due to the fact that Facebook keeps crashing. 😒
Used to hate when videos automatically Played the sound. Now they wont my play sound at all when I try to watch one. And the new interface for the videos themselves is terrible. The last version was better. 
Latest update now prevents you from pulling up videos and photos.    The video will play, but since you can’t max it out, you will not get the audio  If a person posts a large number of photos in the same posts (where you see something like 9+ photos at the end) you cannot view the remaining photos.    Thanks Facebook...Obviously you have some people on your team with poor judgement and are actively making your product worse! 
خاوه ماركه سور
My news feed is all out of order, even though my settings are recent first. I'll be seeing someone's post from two hours ago and then another persons post from 3 days ago that I already saw...3 days ago. I also cannot stand the 15 second ads in the middle of a 90 second video.
It was working fine this morning and now it’s telling me that I am entering the wrong password and has basically locked my account. Facebook is getting to become a BIG joke!!
Put down your phone and look around at the world.
This app freezes my phone and half the time when I’m reading an article. Many times it won’t load videos and I have to reboot my phone—which is the new iPhone X, so it’s most likely not my phone. I thought it was my older phone that had the issues, but now I’m convinced it’s this app. I will be deleting the facebook app until they fix this problem.
Wow new update still the same crashes everytime you click a video
some bug in the app over the last couple of months is triggering my iPad pro to “activate”, you know the original Hola! startup screen. I have to go through the whole process entering username and password before it returns me to the home screen.At first I thought this was an iOS issue, so tracked instances, and every single time I was using the facebook app when it happened.
The Facebook app kills my battery. I will be at 100% 2hours later i'll be at 30%, I delete Facebook and goes to normal..
Just like junk food. Not good and can be addicting.
Facebook will no longer let me use the app because my phone number isn’t up to date. I have entered the correct phone number is about A HUNDRED times and it will NOT SEND THE CONFIRMATION CODE. Now because I’ve tried TOO MANY times it has locked me out.
One of my main reasons for using facebook would be in order to access my local facebook marketplace. i no longer have access to this tab as it is filled in with something else. whenever i try to go into facebook marketplace community page the app just closes out. very disappointed please fix this.
Can’t message people from fb app anymore. Makes it difficult to privately message people. Don’t want to have to search each person on messenger. This has been fixed today. Hopefully it stays this way.
Since the latest update, live feeds are terrible!  Every 5 minutes (or less) I have to log out and back on.
I think facebook, like Apple; need to calm down with this explosion of updates and versions they release. Stability, too, is an important factor in services and social connection utilities.   Start planning your releases very steadily and carefully instead of updating “every two weeks” and provide an uninterrupted glitch less service. Test before release and just calm down and give us one VERY smooth running version. Then plan what you want from there, and take your time, would you! 
I had a Facebook profile for 10+ years and got kicked off due to my political views. (Got into a discussion on a thread and someone who did not like my political views reported me and Facebook now wants my ID to prove who I am!) Sorry but I’m way too old to play that game. Amazing how Conservative voices (though I’m an Independent) are being silenced slowly but surely in the run up to our next Presidential Election. Sad but it is the state in which I find myself living in my own Country now. 🙁
My husband and I have the EXACT same type of phone. We both got the 156.0 update and even before this update, his app had features mine did not. Looking at the pictures on what the app will look like, you know, the ones before you download it and you swipe to make sure it’s what you want, mine doesn’t have all the features. My husband and I both went to our settings and have COMPLETELY different options for THE SAME APP. To top it off, now when he watches videos, it is only that video. Gone are the days that you could watch a video and then it would go down to the next one, then the next and so on. But again, only his phone but the same app. This isn’t making any sense to either of us and it is quite annoying. I’m not sure how two people have the: same phone, same carrier, same Wi-Fi, same app, same updated version, BUT have two different sets of features.
150 megabytes of pure trash
I don’t know how they manage to make this app worse every week but they definitely do. Trash developers.
App keeps crashing every time I try to open it please fix!!!!
Never saw an ad for movie merchandise for LoTR until I put this movie on and suddenly my Facebook feed is full of targeted ads. I honestly don't mind internal ads from things I've recently posted about or liked. But listening to my background noise to target an ad? Nah. Uninstalled.
Every time I go to my group the whole app shuts down every single time, I can’t post or anything! It works fine on my computer but not in the fb app!!!! Super frustrating!
I only use Facebook for my friends and various pages I like. This new app just adds pointless features that are annoying. Like the video button that has notifications for things I don’t care to watch. All I want is a simple app that lets me read stories and look at my groups.
You need fix it ASAP! It can’t play more than 15 seconds or so.
THE APP IS NEVER UPDATED, NEVER WORKS, AND YOU GET HACKED AT LEAST 2x A WEEK TERRIBLE APP
I’m about to delete this app. You can’t watch anything without ads anymore. I’m so sick and tired of it
This allows you to scroll endlessly through your feed and all of your acquaintances’ meaningless posts. That’s Facebook.
I tolerated constant updates that were unnecessary and redundant. But the final straw has been the Facebook live notification. I could not turn them off, despite searching it up online with no luck. But even if there is a way to disable it, shouldn’t it be an opt in, instead of an opt out? The level of frustration I’ve endured to remove an annoying and unasked for feature is absurd, and I finally had to remove the app entirely after being unable to remove the notifications.
I downloaded this app and it will don’t work I can’t login are nothing
Got zero response from support how to permanently disable Facebook from Live broadcast on my phone. So I am deleting the app from my phone. Bye.
iPhone X - current app version - please fix
I couldn’t figure out how to unfriend or unfollow someone from the Facebook app and had to use my computer. Also searching for someone brings you to a different page than touching their name in the news feed
Every 3rd thing in my news feed is a ad If it wasn’t for union groups for calls around the country I’d really have no use for this because it’s just ads Getting to the point of ONLY using Safari on my iPhone or iPad to access because AT LEAST I CAN BLOCK THE ADS It’s gotten so big in file size, I don’t want to use it’s included browser , it should let me pick if I want to use it, safari or Firefox or whatever Facebook has gotten to be a total total waste of time trying to read something that is of interest because of the fu@king ads 
The only reason why I don’t like this app much anymore is because the updates take forever. I stay off my page for weeks because I’d rather not take forever just to get an update 😡
You guys made the new update so friggin big   [i didn’t even request a new update, the app ‘cleaned’ itself then proceeded to the update] that it must be downloaded under wifi . The wifi over here is really bad and my service is stronger so I usually download everything under LTE data; i dont need wifi this is what i pay unlimited service for. But u guys need to step it up ! Using alot of MB for mediocre updates is quite pathetic. For example i just update my snapchat and other apps w/o having to connect to wifi . So i guess i wont be using Facebook anymore till a much user friendly update is available.
Since the new app update I cant post a picture to my wall.
For the love of all that is good and holy please fix whatever bug keeps crashing the app anytime I want to look at events.
I have had my acct messed up had to start all over from The beginning now Fb decides to blank my acct with no reason . I want my acct back up n left I m not posting or doing anything against Fb law so why is my acct getting messed with  Ok you put me in Fb jail let me out now put me back in there again . The pic you stop was not as bad as what you let go thru . So it would be nice to know the true Standards and them to be the same every day. So how long have you stopped me from posting this Time? 
An AD here and there is ok. An AD every 3 posts???? NOT OK!!
When I signed up for Facebook, I got a total of 5 text messages, 20 emails and 7 notifications A DAY. And yes. I counted. FULL OF ADS. Facebook USED to be a fantastic app! Now a day, the developers have gone insane for money. Advertisements EVERYWHERE. Scams EVERYWHERE. This app is only doing bad things. Don’t let the cheesy commercials and businesses fool you.
I have an iPhone 6 Plus and Facebook app keeps dropping out. No updates have helped. I'm about to delete the app from my Apple devices.  Update:  The last update (OS and app) took away the ability to watch videos one after another when you elect to watch one. I enjoyed it and now that feature is gone. Not cool! 
The latest update seems to have omitted the Block feature.  Need to reinstate!
The newest updates removed all of my Saved items. They now added the Your Collection tab which I can’t care less about, because it shows No Item everywhere. When I logged in through a web browser it still shows all the links I saved. Stop turning Facebook into a mess of features that no one ever bait an eye to use.
I know Facebook is making a lot of money and because of that, they don’t care about their customers and they seem to forget that without us, they won’t be Facebook. It is super unfair. I have been using my account since 2011, only for me to login this evening to upload a video and I got logged out. I tried to login again and they said my account has been disabled!!!!! Just like that?? After so many years of building it?? They don’t even care to give a warning or something or tell me what I did wrong!! And their customer care ain’t even working for someone to lay a complaint! I feel like I’ve been used! I shouldn’t have bothered if I knew they never cared!!! I’m definitely not going to open another account!! Instagram is so much better and very soon, they will take over!
I just updated the app and the Add Friend icon is missing from under a users profile picture. Where has it gone?! That whole row of icons is missing now.
Remember the days when you could read and send messages without a completely different app? I do. I miss that. My phone is twelve updates back, or so it says, and my tablet is up-to-date, or so that says, and you know how many differences there are? None that I can tell you of, besides the storage I had before the updates and the extra data usage to do it. Lame. Getting lamer.
I thought my Wi-Fi was messing up because I couldn’t get any screen to load so I deleted Facebook and re-downloaded it it’s still had the same problem so I called my Wi-Fi provider and it was not the Wi-Fi it was this app please fix this. My computer works fine on everything but Facebook. It doesn’t even work on my phone, it  keeps freezing
It seems even loading the comments to a post is dragging now. I would love to see at least 2 streams - one where my friends actually say something & one with shared stuff.  And, while we’re at it, quit looping around. I don’t need to see again what I already saw 5 minutes ago. Not really liking a lot FB these days! Guess you have me hooked since I like my friends!
Since the update from 1/26/18, none of my videos are auto playing like they used to. I even checked the settings, still says auto play. Not liking it right now 😐
It seems like every time the app updates it gets worse. And why isn’t there a way that your entire profile can be set to private where ppl can only see your profile picture and that’s it. I don’t want certain things blocked from ppl who aren’t my friend. If you aren’t my friend I want my whole profile blocked. I don’t want you to be able to see ANYTHING but my profile picture. Please add that to privacy!!!!!!
Update 1/27/18... In addition to the glitches in my original review below, which still exist, I'll add these: 1. A post I'm following shows multiple comments. I click to read them and none appear. This does not happen in my browser. 2. I click on a notification and get a "page not found". I recheck that in my browser and the page is, indeed, there. 3. The app has started crashing. ******************* The latest update of this app has sent me back to using FB in my browser. The first problem I noticed was a couple of my feeds wouldn't load the appropriate posts until I quit then reopened the app. 2nd problem...the notifications feature completely stopped working. I finally deleted the app then reinstalled it. So far the feeds are working. Notifications have returned but not in appropriate order. Notifications from 5 minutes ago are mixed in with those from 5 hours ago, etc. None are in a timely order. Whatta mess! 
I think you should update your messenger other than Facebook 💯
1. So FB purposely gives us false notification numbers. So upon looking at the app from your homescreen, it looks like you have 10 notifications, you open the app and you only have 3 😑. Tf is the point?? I assume FB is trying to get us to open the app so we can watch ads? Horrendous.  And there was a time when we didn't have to watch videos with the fear of those Stupid ads interrupting everything. Horrible. 
Did you guys really take the see friendship button off. That was one of the nicer things, to be able to look back on memories with the person. No reason why y’all needed to take it off. Plus it helped with seeing who wrote hbd on your wall so you can do it back.🙄
Since yesterday’s update, videos no longer play automatically. Settings are correct to play on wi-fi. Checked my wi-fi. Installed latest iOS update, turned phone off, still not working.
I can see that rating the app makes no difference to the developers. The same problems I complained about last year still exist, and some pictures and GIFs never load. And now the notification that someone liked your post has to be clicked on to remove it from the notification list. So you end up having to go back to the post twice to remove the \"like\" notification and to read the comment they left. So useless. One thing these bad-to-worse updates are doing for me is helping me to break my FB addiction.   2017: The latest update (7/1) did nothing to make the slowness any better. I am spending less time on Facebook because of this crappy app. Clicking on a notification takes almost a minute to load, very aggravating. And please please bring back the option that allows us to choose not to see all our friends\' likes. I had to hide several of my friends just because their likes flooded my newsfeed. The \"I don\'t want to see this\" option doesn\'t work for likes. Also, it randomly skips back to the top of the feed so that you lose your place when scrolling down. The people who update this app must never use it. 
I can’t use the stupid market place because I’m not 18 I think this is totally stupid.
Self explanatory. The app continues to crash when I try to upload photos. In the end, my photos do NOT get uploaded and the app still crashes. I will not change my rating until this is fix!
Since the last update, the friend/unfriend buttons are gone.  Where are these options now?
Wher's the add and message buttons in people profile !!! Bad updateeee reallyy
It crashes after 10 min the first time you open it in a day. If you reopen it right away it will crash every 2 min. I end up closing Facebook and just leaving it alone for it to work.... woooo a YEAR later and my app is still crashing. Not sure why Facebook does t think we won't notice
Seeing posts from like 5 days ago really?! How hard is it to fix this?!
Hi
It's just like any social media app but it is more inappropriate for kids and Twitter isn't that bad and YouTube should be 7+ because they set something for kids so it's not inappropriate and it keepa crashing and it's popular and it's ALMOST LIKE TWITTTER but Twitter doesn't crash so if your mom and I know you have Facebook delete it and you guys don't get it
Needs update to stop app crash.
I would like to have the “market place” on my iPad just like I do on my iPhone.
After updating Facebook app with IOS 11.2.3 it always close after few seconds, I cant use anymore.
I think there should have a blind friendly version of of this app
i can’t click message when i go to someone’s page. i hate the new update
Problem with group crashing upon opening. Done all the resets and even deleted app to reinstall and restored my phone to factory settings. Still crashes!
you move link around so much on the app no one knows what to do anymore and you don’t tell people what you update when there is a new update which is stupid!   I can’t save/draft my own post anymore!  They should have never created a social network without a customer service line!   Please fix the layout of the app and fix the drafting a post/saving a post issue! 
Scrolling becomes nearly impossible because any lateral movement whatsoever causes the app to move to the previous context. This get extremely annoying when I you end up having to start all over again because you moved your thumb 1/900th of an inch to the left. Please fix this!!! 
Trying to watch live videos since the most recent update and all just wiggle and then go to an error loading message.  Please fix!
I just update my Facebook but after completing update I notice something.Where is friend,unfriend,follow,unfollow option !!!! I can’t see this.In the last version message option show in profile but this version I can’t see this.So where is this option ?  My device is iPhone 5s 😒 is it my device problem or Facebook main stream problem ??🤔 
Where perfect version?
Thanks for listening and fixing the bug!
So unorganized posts from days ago nothing is in order same videos show up on my feed it’s boring Instagram is better yes they have the same similar issues but at least it has more videos in your search feed everytime you refresh you see a bunch of new videos/photos
I can get any likes or replies on anything I tag someone in on Facebook. I’ve been dealing with the issue for months waiting for the update to fix it and it never ever does. I’m pretty fed up at this point.
So I updated my Facebook app (01/27/18), all buttons on whenever I visit a friend profile the buttons “Friend, Message, More, etc.” are gone. Screwed up.
Miss Old
This app is really tasteless and Only meant to do one thing...
Why all these updates???  There’s a new one almost everyday and now I can’t watch a single LIVE video without all the glitches and freezing up 😡. Just fix the problems and keep it simple
Don’t like how the videos are like a live video.  I liked the old way..  about to just delete Facebook. Always changing
The new video format is very obstructive, and rather have the old one back
I started using Facebook to be able to use the marketplace since I was using my moms so often! Marketplace doesn’t show up on my account even though I’m 18, I can’t find it anywhere, I’ve joined groups too and still can’t get the actual Facebook marketplace.
Not really sure why but nothing at all shows up in my newsfeed it just keeps showing the retry button I can only see my wall and stuff. Nothing else and I get my notifications but nothing shows on my newsfeed. Very irritating
Mọi thứ đang rất ổn định, cho đến khi bản cập nhật ngày 26/1/2018 ra đời. Các thiết bị từ ip6 trở về hiện tượng load chậm, giật lag. 6s cũng không khá hơn là bao, có thông báo, bấm vô để xem ứng dụng phải hồi màn hình trắng. Phải thêm vài thao tác nữa mới sử dụng được. Tôi thất vọng vì apple quá. Cớ sao cứ phải làm giảm hiệu năng thiết bị cũ của khách hàng bằng mọi cách vậy. 😔😔😔
I updated Facebook last night and ever since then I can't watch my "LIVES" Keep getting booted off, not loading and I wish I never did it!!! Please fix this annoying glitch 
280 megabytes!? FB needs engineers who know how to write tight code. I think I'm done updating this bloatware. If it stops working I'll just stick with the desktop version...
For at least a few months, I haven’t been able to use the search function in one of my FB groups.  When I type in the group search bar, it becomes a general Facebook search.  The same applies to the marketplace search feature.  It would seem after all the updates this issue would be corrected.
The source coders for this App better take a refresher course!  Crashes continuously!  I'll stick to FB on my browser!
Facebook might not update app anymore and push old version for smooth running.
What happened to the Add Friend, Message, and more icons under a person’s name in their profile? 
I was trying to update my Facebook app and the update crashed. This caused me to restart my phone to factory settings 😡.
Predatorily manipulative and exploitational toward users, promoting fake news and sensationalism and censoring independent, non-polarized voices.
Use it a lot
HOW DO YOU UNFRIEND PEOPLE ?!???? This update is honestly the worst one yet . Wish i could give ZERO stars .
I am THIS close to deleting this app entirely. Social and international irresponsibility combined with a lack of accountability for your role in aiding a foreign government is terrible. Not to mention how messy and confused the UI is.
I’m annoyed at many things Facebook tries to do, but I am very annoyed about it’s system of recommending videos. In the video section, if I want to stop seeing a video from a certain source (usually because I find them irritating) I have to REPORT the video for something before I get the option to hide it. This is beyond stupid. The videos and their makers break none of Facebooks rules, I’m just tired of seeing them! Let me hide them first?  And for some reason, I’m unable to block these videos directly from their FB source page. Please, just stop. 
Latest updated is messing up live videos. Very glitchy and shaky. It's like watching Max Headroom! Videos play fine on computers or Android phones. Please fix
It just keeps getting worse.  I hit Most Recent posts and it still doesn't update to the most recent.  I really don't think you care much about your users.  Just fix it already!!!!  It's truly horrible.
The last two updates have made my Facebook app unusable. It will not open and while on App Store acts as if it thinks it’s open. Can only access from web. Cumbersome and keeps me from accessing. Maybe that’s a good thing as I find some other way to communicate with 1500+ friends and family.
No help from Facebook
Hello . The Facebook is great but I hope there is privacy for comments 
Can't scroll any further
The app keeps logging me out for “suspicious activity.” It’s everything I did myself. It has only been doing this on the app.
we have. a button to go back to a previous page how about a button to go back from the previous page to the page you was already on. sometimes you make a mistake of going back and you can’t fix it cause you already got out of that page and can’t get back to it   and im still waiting on that (READ ALL) button  ow yeah you lose a star from me cause i’ve been asking for these changes for a long time now and updates keep coming but i don’t see the changes 🤷🏽‍♂️ 
Get the f out of here! Total Crap
Your app is garage! My friend just had a kid and posted pics, I go to most recent and it’s no where to be found.......AGAIN MOST RECENT!!! Your app has been going down hill since 6 years ago. Everything you change and do it for the worst. I miss things all the time because this app is a complete scatter brain invention. You hack peoples internet history and post things they look at and I can’t even see my best friends new born photos!  I LITERALLY WOULD LIKE TO SEE EVER FRIENDS! POST! That’s why I’m friends with them. I don’t want people I don’t click like on to go under the rug!!! Worst app! Ever! But there’s nothing else out there so you won’t change a thing and keep making this app worse and worse until someone finally comes up with the idea you did 8 years ago. MAKE FACEBOOK GREAT AGAIN! Horrible horrible horrible.
...I’m still waiting to the ability to permanently switch my default view to chronological order. It drives me up the wall that I see things out of order. It makes me miss important, time-sensitive posts from my friend and time-sensitive updates from the pages I follow.
‏متى يمكنكم دعم اللغة العربية في هذا التطبيق
I was an avid fb user for years and used to enjoy seeing my friends and families updates but let’s be honest, this platform has become a place that solely serves our inner narcissist. I’m guilty as well but am glad I have finally seen the light!  I won’t miss seeing that one friend that posts their every thought or that other friend who lives a different life on Facebook. Lol it’s comedy! 
How do you access your activity log on this new version for IOS?   The menus are gone
I hate the new FB update!! It freezes everytime i tried to upload a video. Also it took forever to upload video and photos. I exit out from FB and my upload it either restarting or it paused. I don't like that!!! I also hate how it only limited to 40 items. I.don't want to make a lot of posts on my timeline, and I want to keep everything in order all in one post only. Please change it or do.something. Otherwise, I might find it bothersome and deleted.
Where is the activity log??????
تطبيق ممتار جدا
Facebook. Do not want to go down because you must use WiFi.
ممكن اضافة اللغة العربية للبرنامج حتى يتسنى لنا معرفة المستجدات رجاءً
Seriously it keeps getting worse and worse every update.  Things keep moving around and you are doing things nobody wants!!!  Listen to your users for once, and you will realize we hate the way Facebook is run.  Calendars are now all messed up, invites go missing or don’t show up.  The timeline is a train wreak I want to see what my friends are up to NOW not last week. If I wanted yesterday’s news I’d buy a news paper. 
Ever since the new update its really sucked. Keeps freezing up and wont do anything.
You can no longer add friends via their profile, you have to search for them to add them.
DID WE ASK FOR SMALLER SIZED APP YOU DO MAKE US GET AN APP THAT HAS TO DO ANYTHING WITH THIS THING FACEBOOK, FACEBOOK MESSENGER, FACEBOOK PAGES, ETC SHOULD BE REALLY CALLED APP BOOK
How do you add someone as a friend?
All the buttons on each profile is gone to send a friend request or message.  I do not like it at all
This app is getting worse .. I’m not receiving notifications at all .. it just shows the number of notifications that I have , I checked notifications settings in my iPhone and in the app and they are all set up correctly but I still don’t get notifications .. Also the friend request section in the app disappeared along time ago and my friends request started to show up in the notifications section and this so annoying I want the old Facebook to get back as it was .. please stop messing with the app 😡😤 
Your patch notes are so useless. I can’t tell what you screwed up but there’s no wall in your app for 24 hours.  No way to post or to read.  Now, lately I’ve been seeing Facebook is a poison, so it feels good on one hand.  But useless when you want to use it for support groups.  But you broke it.  Good luck.  Oh please don’t contact me, I’m not on your pay roll, if you want my help it’s $80 an hour. 
The "add friend" and "message" buttons on each profile have disappeared with this latest update. This makes it much more difficult I send PMs. Please correct this.
The most recent update does not allow you to unfriend or unfollowed people.
I opened a new facebook account and the marketplace icon completely disappeared. I have an iphone 7 plus so that shouldn’t be an issue. Any ideas on how to get it back?
There was nothing wrong with how we were watching the videos, Facebook you made it more difficult to watch one video after another. Don’t ruin things that weren’t broken. I really hope you fix it back!
Horrible update! The message button disappeared on people’s profile.  I have to manually open up Messenger and search for them there?!?
Newest update no longer allows us to unfriend anyone.
The app can be buggy but usually I’ve been able to work through them until now. Now no links work. It keeps telling me to “retry” links, and I know it’s not just the link is bad, because I’ve tried so many on different days.
This app would be significantly better if Facebook stopped adding so many features to make it seem cool and modern. Maybe then it would stop crashing on all my devices.
Can you please describe the update that we are downloading and what’s new in it, rather then telling us “Facebook updates ...”
For some reason Facebook made it harder to block people. Before you could click on their name by a post and block them. Now you have to go to settings and find their name. Good luck if you want to block someone with a common name like Bob Jones ;)
About a month ago I received a message confirming a friend I never sent and it had a picture of my nephew that he had posted.  I advised my nephew and he did contact FB and they took it down, but it shouldn’t have happened in the first place.   I don’t like that every time I tag people in photos a bunch of their friends comment on them. What happened to just Friends?  I only see friends and friends of friends.    I also don’t see much anymore of my friends posts.  I see more of this political garbage.   You need to have a separate app for that stuff.   Let us that want to see and talk to our friends actually do that.  This is more difficult than it used to be.  Get back to simple. 
I hate that none of my stuff in my feed is in order. I miss certain friends posts/photos on liking it. Or I don’t even get the chance to see it. PUT THE FEED BACK IN ORDER WHEN THEY ARE POSTED. All of these stupid updates but yet no update for it being in order like how it was before. It’s starting to remind me of instagram.
I bought an i phone 7 and its great But facebook app is a total disaster in it It crashes every minute 
Please fixed the app it always having internet problems please fixed!!!!
Hate coerced Facebook messenger and the degree of access. What happened to the free unburdened access ?  In order to keep in touch hackers can see everything!  I am deleting as soon as I see friends private lol messages
I’m unable to add/unfriend people in Facebook.
Why are the options to add, delete, and block not available anymore???? These updates messes up everytime!!
So sick of having to delete and re-download!! Get this thing fixed!! Most buggy app I have ever used. 
Great app, but needs be search in group feature fixed.
why is the size almost 300mb now, and the size of the data keeps growing as days go by.. over half a gig in size taken by this app on my phone, how much useless code your devs are writing to make this an absolutely terrible app?  plus, what is included in the update? Why there are no details provided besides the standard text with every update? 
I only use this because the mobile site is worse.  There are no other options so I have to use it.  If third party apps were available I’m sure I’d be using that instead. Constant unnecessary reloading and reshuffling of my feed makes it impossible to know where I left off.  The new ads on the videos are obtrusive at best, so I just stop watching as soon as they come up(15 sec ad on 10 sec video? Really???).  At the point where I mainly use messenger.  If I had other means to contact most of the people I still want to talk to, I would drop facebook(app and site) in a heartbeat.
If i can’t message people directly from their profile then i am deleting the messenger app. I’m not going to go search messenger for someone to write them. Where is the icon?
Now I know longer have the add friends, follow, or message buttons on any profile. Even friends.
I have an iPhone 8. This app has not worked correctly from day 1. I can’t even go to my own group on the app bc it crashes every single time I click on it. It’s pretty useless and not helpful when trying to run a business.
This new update is making it hard for me to watch video constantly. Why must keep tapping on a video if the last update played the next video automatically. I just don't get it
Of all the changes Facebook have had through the years, I’ve never had a real issue with. But this current update I’m extremely unhappy about. I spend a big part of my free time watching Facebook videos. I like the fact that after I finish a video or if I don’t want to watch that one video I can scroll up to the next one and it would instantly play. Now that you’ve made it like YouTube where it automatically forces a menu at the bottom with the list of upcoming videos and I have to scroll up to open the menu, THEN select the video, THEN click play on the video, THEN close the bottom menu so that I can see what I’m even watching... that’s an extremely terrible experience. This instantly discouraged me to watch Facebook videos at all now. This is the reason why I don’t watch YouTube videos and I choose to spend hours watching Facebook videos. But now that I can’t do that, there’s absolutely no reason for me to get on Facebook anymore. I scroll pass the videos even though I would want to watch them but I refuse to click on it because it’s such a pain to deal with. Please please please change it back to the auto-play with no bottom list.. PLEASE.
Please allow control of all notifications.
Love the new display on the iPhone X..... the only thing that is bothering me is the fact that I keep getting friend request from fake account, and there all sex ads 😒
What’s the point of all the updates? You’re not adding anything new because you have run out of ideas. You’re not changing anything either for the same reason. These updates are a complete waste of time and it is getting to the point that I’m thinking about switching back to android because I know that they don’t let you do these ridiculous updates so often. Oh, I’m sorry, I bet the new updates are supposed to help stop the hackers who screw up everybody’s account. No? Well then the update must be to add the 0.00000000003% stability that we “so desperately” need. So tell me, what is your stability percentage to date? Tell me why you are trying so hard to just take up space on people’s phones. I’m beginning to think that the Facebook app is nothing more than a waste of space. If you really cared about your customers then you would be reading their reviews.
Takes way too much space for a social media app
This last update yesterday completely removed the option to add new friends, follow people, and message ANYONE!!!! WTH!!! I had rated this a 3 but I guess I’ll rate it a 1 even though I’d Lake to make it a 0.5!!!
Can no longer bump up our group posts!!  What a pain!!  Stop messing with groups!  When you ask why, they don't respond.
How do i take down fake account that I have my name on it ? But did not created it and I've try to ask the faker to take down my pic but doesn't want to
Se cierra mi face por supuestos problemas de autenticidad y bloquea mi perfil
U can’t even watch a short video with having to watch ads?
Ever want to be psychically linked to everyone in a Walmart? Ever want to be constantly reminded the majority of the human race, including your own friends and family, are tactless mouth breathers who should probably be legally prohibited from having internet access? Are you yourself a tactless mouth breather, perhaps with a fondness for your cap lock  key and a desire to prove how oh-so smart you are on topics you know absolutely nothing about? Do you like not actually seeing the content you want to see but instead what the site wants you to see, completely defeating the point of the actual website? Would you like to be connected to people you knew in highschool 20 years ago and didn’t even like them back then so you’re not really sure why they are trying to contact you now? Facebook is a trash fire, stay away.
There were some bugs that have been corrected. I'm on my iPad daily and I'm checking FB on a regular basis.  I prefer this landscape version vs my iPhone app.  Thanks for fixing the issues...
Really like to use social media really secure I love this application.
Terrible. I keep getting a “Post Failed” message every time I try to repost a video.
App was working fine until the stupid update. Now i cant add or delete friends 🙄
This most recent update drives me crazy. All of these notifications show up and you have to individually clear them. So if someone posts on a “for sale” page that shows up as a notification. Ugh
Quite annoying.
I absolutely HATE the way you view videos has been changed. Go back to the way you had it before the most previous update, this new version is so annoying.
Keep up the good work! Facebook has become more faster, so keep up the good work and providing all of our users with a good social platform for us to communicate on. You’ve done well!  Would love to see information about updates, but it is what it is. 
Since the update today, I cannot add, delete or change my friendship with anyone. All of the buttons/options are gone!
There I was scrolling about to watch a video someone had shared... when behold! It stopped itself for and ad! Yay! Now I’m stuck having to scroll past ad then get stuck having to wait for them to finish play and praying the rest of the video loads so I can watch it before my break time is over! Oh, I still can’t lock a preference on this stupid app of most recent, instead of what the sh!t popular is trending
Facebook has done a great job of taking a worldwide platform and turning it into a jumbled mess. As if the desktop version wasn’t already terrible enough, the mobile app manages to take all of your frustrations and multiply them ten-fold. If you are a business owner or have anything productive in mind, forget about it. This is made for mindless teenagers that only want to share about how bad Kim Kardashian’s tubb looked during her recent outing to Taco Bell. Please Facebook, give us a tool we can use to proactively connect people and businesses around a common good. Not some distraught mess that confuses even the most advanced of tech savvy people. Two thumbs down.
Ok
Ok so I had no gripes til the last few days or so. Why do I have stuff popping up that say “Popular across Facebook”? I don’t give a flying flip what’s popular across Facebook. I don’t want this on my wall. Ditch the crap and quit messing with it!
I can’t add anyone as a friend or even find an option for it on this new update
I love the app but wish there could be an update that can drop the memory need down to 50MB or 75MB I don’t have WiFi so I am unable to update the app please and thank you
Facebook, please make a scroll bar for use when there are many comments. It is very aggravating that I have to press “view more comments” dozens of times to go back and see the first few comments sometimes, or to see the end of the comment chain. PLEASE fix this!
How I can add friend or remove friend in this new update ???!!!
Stop updating Facebook if your not going to fix things I for one would prefer a quarterly update maybe this would give you time to fix bugs before you send them out and I careless what everyone is doing or if they are on Facebook at all if I want to know I will go to their news feed
Edit 1/25/18: Like others have mentioned in their reviews, the sensitivity of gestures is way too high. I am constantly triggering the camera!  •Also, Facebook is the worst of the worst when it comes to spamming us!!! I have a page that I run and Facebook CONSTANTLY bombards me with 🤬bullsh*t notifications, posts, and banners telling me to boost my post (aka pay💲for it) and other posts like mine did so much better after being boosted, blah, blah, blah. ITS NOT A $&@! 🤬BUSINESS PAGE! 🤬, Facebook stop that crap!!! •Also, trying to arrange my shortcuts is a joke now. I can literally set EVERY GROUP to hide from shortcuts, except one that I set to “pin to top”, and that one still won’t show. It also won’t show at the top when I set it to auto arrange, although it’s my group that I created years ago, I’m the sole admin, and visit over 20 times a day!  •Also, every 🤬 time I try to use a sticker, it only shows that I have one sticker pack even though I have downloaded several that I used daily prior to an update.  If it ain't broken, don't fix it! Now the likes, comments, tagging, and many other basic functions are problematic, to put it nicely. 
Latest update will only display add friends. Can not access page. I don't want to be told to add friends I just want to see the posts of my friends.  Update all you want - it’s not helping.
It is now impossible to edit or delete posts and almost every time I try a photo comment it won't go through unless you use a (.)
Ui is almost like my wife’s iPhone
Reduce the space from 300MB
I see that many Videos have been removed from the video row. I liked hanging on facebook just scrolling through all the videos. Now you messed everything up with a family friendly stupid youtube looking video suggesting bs. I don't want that and i don't need. Stop that stupid algorithm. I just want to scroll through videos like 3-4 months ago.
After the update the ability to block people within the app is gone. Not super helpful.
I don’t need to know when someone updates their status. I don’t need constant reminders that it is someone’s birthday. I don’t need to know about every event my friends are going to. I don’t need notifications for these things. I’ve turned off the app notifications, but the notifications still come up within the app.
Please bring chathead to IOS like android
I go on to Facebook expecting to have a way to look at what family and friends have been up to but next thing you know I’m basically on YouTube. And every two videos i would get an UNSKIPABLE AD. I mean don’t you get enough information from us by stalking us and selling our personal information to ad companies? And deny it all you want but it’s been proven multiple times.
Very annoying
For Christ sake, once tell the users what has changed exactly when you release an update!
There are photos that are converted to videos for no reason and it makes this app annoying.
My notifications are not accurate, it would display 3 when I have notifications, or 2 when I only have 1. Please fix, really annoying.
Since todays (1/25/18) update on my IPhone7plus, the Facebook app will not even open. (Error code 2) WTH?
i using ios 11.2.5 and this auto get out home screen, can’t news feed or load old news feed, please update app. Thanks
I never such prob,me with this apps and now act like don't know my password. And say sorry error and come back later .there no possible error in my password.so mean apps need be fix
Can’t sign into my Facebook, I get a message saying error code 2 now I’m getting a error code 1. Why is this?
Just upgraded my phone. For some reason I can’t log in to Facebook AT ALL.
For a few months I kept getting error messages when I tried to leave comments and then it would force log me out, make me change my password and make me log back in. I’ve changed my password 6 times in the last 2 months. I sent in a ticket for SOMEONE to talk to me and get it fixed and never got an actual person to fix it, just automated messages thanking me for input. So it didn’t get fixed. Now it’s gotten so bad that I can’t even log into Facebook. When I try to log in it just gives me an error code. If you don’t have a Facebook I don’t recommend getting one. It’s more trouble than it’s worth.
Now I can’t even log in. Pathetic.
Why am I unable to add a guest on my live videos from my iPad? It works just fine on my iPhone. Can I get an update please?!
I canr log into my facebook. It give me an error code 2. And i cant even send photos on messenger anymore bc i get a long message not allowing me to send anythin. Facebook fix this
it logged me out and it won't let me change my password
Not the app itself that I have an issue with just Facebook itself. After I installed the app I can’t even login anymore
Today, 01/25/18, I went to post a status to Facebook and it wouldn’t post, so I went to my cellular settings to make sure I had data enabled, which I did. I also tried to post a comment on a post that a friend shared, and it also wouldn’t post. I checked my dashboard and I haven’t been banned nor have I received any kind of email stating that I had been banned or that my account has been deleted. Then, out of the blue, my app force closed. When I tried to get back on, it popped up for me to select an account. When I chose, it said “an unknown error occurred, please try again later.” This comes, literally, two days after I redownloaded the app. I can’t even use my account on safari.
Facebook is really just fake news and ads now
Everytime I Try To Login It Say Error Occured💯🤨😐😐😑😑
Keeps telling me there was an unexpected error. And i cannot log in with the app. But just fine on the web. Super irritated.
I’m trying to log in on the Facebook app but it won’t let me and it keeps saying “error 2” I changed my password thought it would work but it didn’t please help
Y’all Are Doing To Much Upgrades To One App That Doesn’t Need All The Extra Features Y’all Pushing On Us Go Back To The Regular Features Please !
I am annoyed
I can't see the comments on my live videos!!!!!!!!!!
Sometimes, Facebook has a little problems about logging in a account. I suddenly disconnect with my account without any reason. I hope admin team fix this.
Constant crashing!!!! Error messages of “oops!! Something went wrong!! Please try again later!”.  Mark Zuckerberg you seriously need to learn a lesson from Twitter!!!! Facebook app is garbage compared to Twitter.  Frustrating!!!!!
After the recent update It shutdown after 1 or 2 minutes of using the app  I can’t use it anyway 
It will not let me log in its keep say login failed
For some reason it randomly started not liking posts I liked and having the same notifications keep popping up over and over. Rebooted app, didn’t help. Logged out, now can’t log back in. Deleted app and re downloaded it, STILL can’t log in. “Log in Error”
I updated yesterday and today I am seeing posts from people I “unfollowed” and I can’t comment on some posts, and I cannot unfriend a person I don’t even know!   Grrrrr. No more updating if I can avoid it.
I can’t login, there’s is a bug not allowing me to login, I’d tried to reset my password and codes are not working
Facebook kept messing up so I signed out and tried to sign back in and it kept saying error so y’all need fix that because it won’t let me sign into any of my accounts
This app will not let me log in!!
I can never get on Facebook each time I try it kicks me out
No longer can get into my account
I’m deleting my profile from Fb since 2003, the censorship my thoughts and actions for volunteering helping homeless ... it’s too political, going to twitter...
So now it's always giving me an error code when I'm trying to login to another account,  also the people you may know thing in my notifications is really annoying.  Stop making Facebook worse and more annoying to use 
i cant comment/react/post/or send picture messages. smh.
Facebook won’t let me go onto my account because there’s an error code.
For this update, I cannot login other apps that were linked with Facebook account. Too many errors.
Sooo frustrated with all the bugs all the time. I can’t even open my app today on iOS. Come on guys. Get it together.
I wake up and try to look at my messenger because I have people I need to communicate with for selling things and I cannot log in to Facebook or Facebook messenger at all I even tried turning my phone off and back on and looked for a new Facebook update and nothing. This is ridiculous why use an app if it isn’t reliable.
My app is not showing videos or articles included with posts. All I see is the status update words. I also cannot leave comments on posts. It keeps telling me to try again. And sometimes it doesn’t show any comments or likes to a post. Pls fix!
I am now seeing everyone that I have unfollowed on my feed. I unfollowed them for a reason, they post every 5 minutes, so I would appreciate if I didn’t have to see them.
Cant log back in.
Very disappointed
Slow loads sometimes, Facebook marketplace never shown had the app for 2 months now. Using it to find car meets and parts around my area. Yet, marketplace has never shown itself! Tried contacting Facebook and put in multiple requests but still no help.
For some reason while scrolling on my feed, almost every video that I scroll by goes automatically to a full screen. I don’t even touch the video and suddenly it goes to a full screen. It’s getting extremely annoying!
I am currently trying to screen shot my favorite photos from a year ago. Every time I spend about ten minutes scrolling in the page to get to where I left off I maybe get one more photo screenshot (if I'm lucky) only to find the app crashes on me yet again. I hate wasting all this scrolling time. I wish there was a better way to just get to certain dates and go from there. Stop crashing on me Facebook!!! 😫
Don’t usually have issues similar to those in these reviews. But Facebook currently won’t let me like any posts. Keeps telling me the feature isn’t available, that an error occurred, and to try again later. Tried everything to fix it myself but it’s getting very annoying. Then gives me the option to click “this is a mistake” or “okay”. And I’ve clicked “this is a mistake”. All it says is “Thanks for letting us know”. And nothing changes.
it’s gets out of when i open it
I do not like the new version of the video streaming. It’s inefficient. I like the old version better. I would rate it 5 stars if it wasn’t for that.
Facebook is crashing on my i phone several times
Why the **** do I have to have a separate app for messaging? Garbage!!!! Oh, and thanks for cluttering up the app so it constantly freezes.
I’m running 155.0.0.36 and it has gotten noticeably slower to launch and navigate through links.  If you open the link through your browser directly, it’s much faster.  Strange that Facebook is pushing users out of Facebook to get acceptable performance.
Requires a 200MB update every other day
Very short, Facebook is ruining the entire mobile app experience with these awful updates, watching videos is so complicated now.
Videos from any pages on FB app when I minimize them on my tablet or iPhone suddenly stop and doesn’t play ??you have to see them full size on small pictures small play doesn’t work ,so so so bad!!!!
I have always loved Facebook but there are way too many notifications I don’t want. This past update I started receiving notifications on people I don’t follow or pages I have never even liked. Just because I don’t like or view many pages doesn’t mean I need notifications on thousands of different sites. Also, the live video notifications from friends need to stop. I don’t want to see those notifications every time someone goes live. Please fix this problem
This is what needs fix the videos keep free after a few mins of watching keeps kicking users out and off Facebook live videos when commenting to someone post it doesn’t post it it deletes it
Lately my Facebook account has been shutting down by itself when I'm trying to post or write something. This didn't happen before! It's really annoying.
the chance for any meaningful connection is degraded on “the world’s largest social network”. the mobile experience is the worst. 5 billion notifications a day, with information you didn’t ask for. Take your pick. being creepily surveilled on your phone for advertising money? u got it. echo chamber algorithms? all yours. hordes of fake robot accounts and staged political streetfights? bon appetit.  like, truly an enormous waste of storage space that drains your battery, listens to your every word, and follows your every move. you don’t even want the crap they’re forcing in your face.   This would be bad enough, but they also build your news feed by handpicking the most aggravating posts from the most irritating people in your friends list. For clicks.  and all while swarming you with pure noise about their stillborn “stories” feature and vomit from the internet’s worst chatbots. an identity thief’s paradise. 
Every time I use Facebook I can’t view links or birthdays. It tells me no signal when I have plenty. Please fix this!
Facebooks business pages are the worst. So disappointed. I’ve wasted so much time trouble shooting sharing photos from my business Instagram to my business Facebook and it’s always crashing or not working. Also the constant stalking of boosting posts and promoting page is so tacky. I’m giving it another two weeks to see if I can learn to tolerate it.. if not I am done.
I’ve been on Facebook for more then 5 years and recently was terrorized by random stranger who blackmailed me and kept making new profiles after I would block one or delete one. Facebook makes thing like this way to easy to happen. It’s got good intentions but allows too much freedom.
This app gets worse and worse, every time there is an update. They made the layout so complicated. It was so easy to drag a video off of the screen before now its like you have to beg the facebook gods to get it to work properly. Lol this app is garbage.
i really wish i had the market place instead of the watch thing :/
It’s a good idea but I wish I was simpler and easier to use. It either crashes or takes twenty minutes to load my friends or any posts. Please go simpler cause that is all we need. Thanks.
What else is there to say...
All of a sudden when I am posting with my iPhone there is a second button I have to press in order to post. The choice is either to share or post for 24 hours. Please lose that.
I don’t like this last update. My app keeps closing.
I already have Facebook installed but I find myself reinstalling it over and over!This is the stupidest update yet.
Needs to fix the coverphoto ... The camera icon is not there on the iPhone mobile Facebook app. Since I use my phone more than a pc this really needs to be fixed.  Also would be nice if there was a way to see what the desk top view looks like... Is there an option for that?  Please fix the friends pics on my fb Wall they don’t update like they have had before....everything seems to be stuck... I can not see when there are new post by certain friends... 
Frustrating that you can’t see original post under replies and there’s no way to click to it.
Make them how they used to be scrollable and fun, ruining your own platform It’s a shame 
The last couple of updates have been awful. I am seeing people and pages that i have already unfollowed showing up in my news feed. Also any attempt to unfollow or hide things from the time requires having to report a post.... I don’t want to have to report anything just to not see it in my news feed.
I’ve had the app on my phone for quite some time. Deleted it and now downloading it again. I can’t log in. Every time I enter my username and password, I get this message: please confirm password. It looks like you entered a slight miss-spelling of your email address. We’ve corrected it for you, but please reenter your password for added security.  Ugh!! 
After watching a video and swiping down to go back my screen turns black and i have to restart the app
Friends-about- any category- see all button not working. Need update with fix
This app allows you to know people without really knowing them. You can believe the lie that you're connected but the truth is you've never been more isolated from community. Facebook gives you fake snapshots of the highlights of everyone's lives. This causes you to feel inferior and more alone. Free yourself. Delete the app and put down your phone! Get to know, spend time in person and enjoy the people around you!
Facebook is complete trash! It has locked up all of my other apps that are associated with it. There is no way for me to get into my account to fix anything. They have no solution. It is a complete waste of time and extreme security risk! Remember how much better life was before Facebook!!
Can I just have my feed set at most recent?!?! I’m not interested in what fb thinks are “top stories”-nonsense!! I also cannot take a phone call, etc. without the app restarting at the top, I also can’t stand if I swipe a little to the left or right and I’m back to starting over. I want to read current posts from my friends and family and that it!!
Since update I can't post pics in comments to comments!  The app has went to hell since IPO and the death of build in messenger 
Funny how they have the nerve to report post that don’t even show nudity but you idiots now have porn paging that try to request people as friends everyday!! I get more then 15 request from fake pages that do nothing but post porn! This app is trash on both android and iPhone. Trash.
I hate the new update especially on videos. I don’t like having to click next video and none of the videos even fit the same description or category as the previous. I think I’ll delete the app and go to mobile browser.
The app and the social network is useless. All they do is make families and friends hate eachother.
This new algorithm needs to go! Ever since they recently changed it, I see the same multiple posts for days. I’ve been seeing the same post I liked from 2-3 days ago.  I have to go to the last tab and click on most recent just to see something new. If I just try to refresh, nothing happens.  Change the algorithm again! 
This app has so many bugs and you guys just can’t see to get it right. Over it.
Freezes so much, won’t even play a video for longer than 5 seconds.
Every change affects somebody. I had a reach of close to 7,000 but due to new algorithms no one sees my post (unless they get a notification or goes to my page directly. Otherwise it may show up a couple of days letter. What happened to just letting Facebook be Facebook. Police the bad, share the good. Instagram is way better.
After just a short while, videos stop loading even on WiFi. I don’t see all my friends posts even though I’m following them. I really dislike that things aren’t in chronological order even if I select most recent. Ugh!
The share feature really needs to be able to shut off on any posts. It should be the users choice to make that available or not. 
Por favooor! Así como se pueden bloquear usuarios ya deberían poder permitir bloquear publicaciones por palabras clave!
This app is getting progressively worse. What’s with the sudden need to turn off my music?? Why isn’t there a way to disable the swipe to camera thing? Why does the app suddenly refresh my home screen and now I need to search for where I left off only to be left with no way to get back to it. Please fix!
Me and a friend I have can find each other on fb and he is the only person I can’t find the only way I can remotely see him is by going to the blocking list and act like I’m going to block him isn’t what’s wrong but this Needs to be fixed 
Since when is Facebook so strict about names. I just wanted you guys to be aware that for whatever reason despite me never breaking any rules, you guys allowed some person who probably just low key disagreed with my political/social views (which typically consist of support for LGBT, Social Justice, equality and equity, Trump is not doing well running the country, Feminism, etc). And for over a month now I haven’t had access. I was reported for my name on Facebook and all that has managed to do is take away my account while I can now search and just find someone else who is using the exact same name I had been using for 9 years. I’m disappointed in your conduct on this matter Facebook and the fact you took away my account before you could even validate me breaking your rules kind of just makes it seem like you subtly might be enforcing a bias because you don’t agree or support my beliefs or views shared by thousands of Americans. Social media apps meant for the PEOPLE to communicate and express ideas and most importantly maintain and develop relationships isn’t for you guys as a COMPANY to try to control.  I know we lost Net Neutrality (which you guys took my account just days after btw), but c’mon!. If my message is ignored here, there’s plenty of other places for it, and I’m sure I’m not alone on my perspective on this. Please do better Facebook, thank you.
This app is horrible.
It’s getting annoying it will say I have 6 notifications but when I click the app I have 1 or 0 notifications. I’m not the only one having this issue. Facebook fix the issue or people will delete their accounts
This app freezes up all of the time, causes my phone to freak out, and loads extremely slow. They feel the need to constantly “update” the app, but it’s never really improving on much. (That I can tell). I wish the app could just properly function. It usually takes me opening the app 4-5 times for the app not to crash.
Force closes every time I try to access a group! Not cool!
Facebook always  crashes after video playback on my iPhone 8. Not sure if it’s just isolated to the app but I haven’t noticed this happen on my other devices.
Facebook constantly slows down.  Use it for too long and it crashes.  Just terrible, because if it didn’t do that, I’d keep reading/scrolling.  It looks, to me, a non-programmer with some computer knowledge, to be some sort of RAM memory leak that’s causing the problem.  It’s been doing this for over a year.  Please fix it.  (That way you make more money.)
Please make Facebook simpler again and show everyone in our newsfeed. Stop filtering for us. And fix the bugs and issues because mine keeps crashing!!! So frustrating!
last update was jan 18. so, i havent got any update yet. its showing update but when i click that this update is temporarily unavailable. i tried 'changing network' 'sign out sign in ' things . doesnt work
Every since the last update my voice to text is not working correctly   Ticket just working correctl I said voice to text is not working correctly and above is what I got lol 
Horrible app. Facebook controls what you see based on their political views.
Three days ago my iPhone FB app updated. It never has worked the same as my desktop, and my ‘Droid tablet is the worst of all. Yesterday we had to evacuate our community due to a wildfire. FB was worthless in keeping up with family and friends. Oh, posts from three days ago - without new comments - were there, and sponsored links who wanted to reach people over 18. Excuse me? Anyone able to sign a legal contract? I know algorithms were changed - big deal, they aren’t for the better. FB was more interesting when it was “weaponized” by Russia! I’ve been told more than once how boring it has become. I do not get my “See First” first. They come after Groups - which are not set for “See First.” The inability to edit posts in the ‘Droid tablet is the bottom of the barrel. If that app was done in-house at FB, they need better GUI testers. As a Software Quality Engineer before retiring, I know I would have caught that error. A lack of customer care creates a lack of customers.
Most of the time, notifications come late. When they don’t come late, you can’t open them to go to the new post. Clunky, and doesn’t navigate well.
The comments in responses to posts can not all be found. Ie You may be notified of 3 but you only see one. And, when you try to block someone, you get a notification on your screen explaining what blocking does, telling you of alternatives — and then the screen freezes preventing you from not just blocking, but doing anything else on FB. And best of all, if person to person support from the company exists, it’s hidden. If things don’t improve, I may stop accessing FB altogether. Its becoming too frustrating.
OK FACEBOOK...GET RID OF THE ADS EVERY OTHER POST OR IM DONE!! I GOT RID OF MY TWITTER ACCOUNT BECAUSE OF ALL OF THEIR ADS...I DONT MIND DOING THE SAME THING WITH MY FACEBOOK ACCOUNT!! FIX IT OR IM DONE!!!
The most recent update doesn’t allow us to connect to Mevo. That is ticking me off to the 10th degree.
Have been locked out for a MONTH No way to unlock account because when u request a new pass, told you have attempted to many logins when all you did was request a new pass TO login. NEVER made it to the login part. Really Facebook, u guys need to fix this 
I’m appalled now that I have skimmed these.  No wonder I can’t update and will not be using Facebook.
Advertising is annoying and completley unnecessary. More money in there pockets from you even though it's free
How do you share the post because I tried and I can’t so how do you share post I tried everything everything else is great
Help! My business page is linked to a group I have, and so when ever I make a post on iPhone and desktop, I can switch between posting from my personal profile or from my business page profile. However my iPad does not allow for me to do this, and it's important that I'm able to!
Shame on you Facebook. Not only am I one of the only people I know who has to deal with this nonsense, you have literally overwhelmed me with it - by adding it to every single video I might want to watch. Facebook was an amazing concept at one point. A way for me to keep up with my friends and family, follow my favorite celebrities, news sources, local favorites... now you have turned it into an overwhelming sea of ads while you give me my news feed in an order that makes no sense to me, but when I look at it from an advertising standpoint works perfectly for businesses that pay Facebook for screen space. I could take that though! I could really handle it and not have an issue if you didn’t also ruin any video I want to play with an ad right in the middle of it. Play the ads before the video! Or after! Or force it into my newsfeed like you already do! I beg of you though, stop this stupid mid-video ad nonsense. You are literally saying f*ck you to users that helped build you into what you are today. So once again, shame on you Facebook.
so buggy, keeps on crashing, I cannot check my notifications,, gatta go back to web to check out my facebook!!
Facebook crashes constantly and isn’t showing a lot of posts.
Please fix the News Feed . it’s loading too long for other previes news and posts and it doesn’t update when i scroll them down or up , i checked my internet and other apps are working just fine on my iphone . it would be great if you do a small update to fix the issue
Too many dang ads in my feed now. I don’t care about coffee, shopping, fishing and the like. My feed is also posting things from last week. Seriously thinking of getting getting rid of FB altogether. Too much muck to go through.
I’d love to see an update happen where we can schedule our post in our personal profile, business groups AND our business pages. We also aren’t able to see from our phone, when there’s currently a schedule post that was initially set up via computer. It’s kind of ridiculous to have to go on a computer to schedule postings when we do not have that option available to us via the FB app or even on our phone browsers.
My marketplace Icon disappeared. Has anyone been able to recommend a fix? I’ve searched google and asked Facebook in the help section but still have come up empty handed.
Years in, this is still one of the most awful, maddening apps from a major tech company. Searching for anything returns wildly polluted results, sometimes it imports contacts, sometimes it doesn’t, no matter how many times you reject a suggested friend they just keep reappearing. My much-detested ex is there staring back at me over and over and over again. It just shows you that when there is only one giant player and no realistic competition, they have zero compulsion to produce a good product. This really is a terrible app that is unlikely to ever get better.
i active my iphone facebook
Since the last update, I have noticed that the buffering on all the videos is HORRENDOUS! Stop. Start. Stop.....Start.  I. Have. Had.......Enough! 
I just updated the app today on my iPhone and now it keeps lagging. What is going on??
Keeps crashing!!! The team needs to find a solution.
The app always crashes. Mainly when I’m watching videos. The screen just goes partially black and the sound still plays??? It never has an update. I’ve erased I can’t tell you how many times. You guys need to get your app together. It’s becoming trash!
I never had so many crashes in all my life on FB also it hasn't updated yet I'm still on the old version and I have an iPhone 7 plus please fix
And Facebook refuses to do anything about it. It was fine when they were at the beginning of videos but this purely to be annoying.
I’m sure Facebook doesn’t even read or care about these reviews since I don’t see efforts to improve any of the things me (or others) have complained about in the past.  My new big issue with Facebook is that I use it a lot to plan events and so do my friends. After iOS 11 update Facebook events no longer have the option to sync to my iPhone calendar which means I have to manually export each event separately via email from my desktop, and then add it to my calendar on iPhone instead of letting it add automatically to my calendar.  Other event apps like Meetup have options to export events directly to my iPhone calendar directly from the app. I also don’t like the way birthdays and upcoming events are all in one list together. That makes it much harder to just look at the events I signed up for without having to scroll through a bunch of birthdays of people I haven’t even kept in touch with for years. I’d like to see events and birthdays separated like they used to be. 
The iPad version of this app needs some major updates. It looks like the version for iPhone from about 5 years ago. It’s seriously in need of a refresh.
Uhhhh. My personal Facebook keeps getting checked then disabled. Thanks for letting me know I’m not welcome on your app Facebook. I just want to be able to keep in touch with people.
I am trying to message a car seller and it doesn’t send the message.
En mi iPhone X la actualización del pasado 19 de enero de 2018, consumía el 43% de la batería en segundo plano. Tuve que desinstalar la app.
Every time i go to open my Facebook it cashes and shuts down. It freezes and won’t work every time!
Aplikasi sering close dengan sendiri nya. update yang gagal...😡
I deleted my account last January. Not deactivated. It took two hours to figure out how to delete the account. Now they harass me daily Thru emails and pop up adds. I want Facebook to leave me alone.
I feel like this platform is now just for bigots to share falsehoods. They will remove a nude photo or an atheist’s post at the drop of a hat, but will allow false racist propaganda from going unchecked. Plus the amount of bullying of LGBT community goes unchecked. Civil discourse is one thing but to pander to bigots is rather disgusting. It’s not just conservatives but liberals as well spreading things that are not factual. I don’t know why brief nudity is more offensive than our former First Lady being called bigoted names. Facebook has to do some soul searching and fix it. It’s now turning into 4chan but for old people. It’s tragic because I once loved the platform.
Everyone else has already covered what makes this app trash. I’m just here to do my part in giving it a terrible rating.
Saquen el maldito cohete!!!
I’m very disappointed that you took the market place away. Probably not gonna use the app as much anymore.
Facebook needs to put more attention on the people who made this social media BIG, placing a customer service phone number.  When you are a Company and post  They block you for no reason And they don't even take the time to let you know what's wrong with the post Even if you are not breaking any rule!  It seems that it’s all about the money and nothing else PERIOD! 
I don't have the marketplace icon.. same type of phone as my husband. Same updated version and he does and I do not. Very frustrating! Fix it!  Update: Facebook allows me to see some marketplace posts.. but if I click on see more, it force closes on me. My husband has an actual button he can press to go to the market place. I do not. FIX IT  Update again: still no marketplace. How long has marketplace been on the app?? Months maybe a year and I still don’t have it? Why?? 
Garbage
Decent app. I prefer the app to the website. But can we please get Touch ID already?!
to post to your facebook stories they need more filters , get with the program facebook , you’re falling behind instagram
What happened? This last update made it impossible for me to see what I am typing when posting, or replying to a post! It doesn’t show that I even started a post, then after closing down the app and coming back in, my typing showed up for about 10 seconds then disappeared again. Please fix this or let me know what to do to see what I am typing.
It would be very useful and helpful to be able preview a post before you actually post to your wall. The preview would allow you to see how the post would actually appear with the pictures laid out in the actual way it would appear.  It would also be useful to have this preview for your profile picture, too.  The new “make a comment” on the pictures are a distraction and very ugly. Needs to be removed 
I just updated my app not too long ago and it keeps freezing as it was doing before the update. It quit after the update and now is right back to doing the same.
Drama
When I logged in it said I was doing weird stuff so it said it had to look at the pic of myself to see if I could use Facebook 1 min after I logged in!!!
Terrible app crashes every other second
Updated the app only two days ago and every time I try to do a gesture on a post it keeps saying “action unsupported” it gives me to option to click “ok” or “this is a mistake” however it doesn’t add the gesture or share the video or comments I post. Annoyed and agitated at the BS 🤬
I can’t write comments! do something
Facebook setting are confusing  I can’t rest my setting More and more complicated  No control what people post Receive post from people don’t know just because I am join a group Notification turn off still receive post  And more 
It takes forever, if at all, to upload videos & it’s constantly crashing.
Ich bin persönlich mit dieser FB- Applikation unzufrieden da bei ihr mehrere Probleme auftreten , das große Problem ist , ich muss immer lange abwarten um mir die Videos anzuschauen . Ich bestätige dass dieses Probleme nicht mit Internet zu tun hat weil ich eine gute Internetverbindung habe .
Saved photos are not shown on app
After last update fb keeps logging me out of my page asking for my pic and then they will get back at me after reviewing that was 11 hrs ago and nothing yet. Plus it’s blocking my friends page every freaking hr on the hr. Fix this or we delete this crap app that was once great. But y’all keep messing $h!t up every update now. 😩😩😡😡🤬🤬 why can’t fb ever answer their messages? Is their page a scam ? Considering they deleted 2 of my pages and they can’t answer why. I’d give ya a zero star if I could.
The app is terrible! 90% of the reason for me having this app was the marketplace and they have now removed it. Just poor chooses all the way around.
Not updating
So this app was working fine some time ago but now all of a sudden it just won’t work, I’ll click the app it go’s to facebook but the  is stuck on a blank white screen of nothing with only the top part having the iconic blue tab and bottom has the buttons but none of it works...  Please fix this, will change review once it is fixed. 
Why do not I have instant games on Messenger with the knowledge I'm updated Messenger and Alvis
I haven’t been having any serious problems with this social media platform, but the only thing I’d say I do have a problem with is the ‘Friends You May Know’ part. I’m just curious why I’m being recommended people that are from the same town and area that most of my friends are, who don’t have mutual friends with me. I thought that was the whole point of this, anyway. Anyway, you guys need to mellow out on the ‘Friends You May Know’ thing, you’ve been going crazy lately with that, giving me a bunch of random people, or even the same, repetitive people, a lot. I’m actually so tired of seeing the recommendations that I just hide it every time it pops up in my notifications. Please fix this problem. UPDATE: Messenger has been recently acting odd. I can’t send pics to my friends because they don’t see it, however, I can, that is, until I leave the app and come back. When I return to the app, you can see the outline of where the pics are supposed to be, but they’re not there. However, they’ll be moved around in the chat into places I didn’t put them, and some of the pics are still visible, but only to me. I don’t know what’s going on, but this didn’t happen until just now. Please fix this problem.
there is no reaction when I want to share something fromother apps
Overall app is fine. But now when I click to watch videos from a posted or promoted article, the video continues to play even once I leave the page. The only fix is closing the app.
Videos keep freezing man 🤦🏾‍♀️
Thank you for replacing my albums. Some are still empty due to a previous update. Any chance you could put those pictures back, too?  I’d really appreciate it!  ↓Version 155.0 deleted my albums ↓  Facebook needs to do better. Restore ALL albums from day 1. 
Facebook has become lazy and pathetic. There lack of customer support allows other users to report things that shouldn’t be reported on your page allowing you to be blocked for several days. And worst of all, THERE is no way to contact costumer support to seek help! This is beyond ridiculous. Every single person that works for Facebook is a bunch of idiots from the bottom to the top. Worst social media app ever.
What’s the point of updating the Facebook app if it’s constantly going to show me old post from Facebook friends from the precious day or hours ago ? Needs to be fixed immediately also needs to fix the bug where facebook freezes up and then it crashes.
STINKS!!! BTING BACK THE OLD VERSION PLEASE THIS ONE IS A PAIN IN THE NUMM 
All facebook is anymore is Ads!
Accumulates a lotta data that we don’t need in real time. Tumblr added a smash cache option and y’all should too
Most annoying app they send you so many emails and just a waste of time to use Facebook.
I agree with the above review.  I’m not crazy about the camera swipe and the slow video downloads.  I even have slow post downloads that evidence by not having a picture that was posted, just a blank square.  Unfix what you “fixed!”
What does the month/year under the profile name suppose to mean?
Updated the app and my notifications have become completely messed up. Time stamps are in the wrong order making it difficult to find the notification that is showing up in red. And not to mention that this whole share a photo or video is more complicated now as well. Why can’t we streamline again? I thought you were better than this.
Look I’m not saying it needs to be simple I’m saying as tech savvy as I am It’s pretty difficult to navigate everything. The settings, the pages, your own profile.  Why can’t I just get rid of my timeline all together people posted random stuff to it. I had to delete everything manually to clean up my profile from when I let games post for me on Facebook when I was 13-15 years old. It’s just frustrating.
Yeah that’s right, it’s crappy I’ve updated the app to its current version and I don’t have the Facebook market place icon on my home screen so I can’t access anything from market place, so stupid if anyone has any insight to this please I would appreciate all the help.
Must be nice to make billions of dollars off of such a failure. It’s obvious they don’t care.
I only downloaded the app for the ability to tag people in comments that you can’t do through mobile online. The ads are annoying and constant, and now with each update the app takes up more and so much more space to the point where I can no longer keep it on my phone. Why is this necessary?
For ever I have turned off your automatic news feed sound playback,  and it keeps turning back on!!!  Please persist this setting to my iCloud or my device and never ever play sound when I don’t click a video.  It’s not hard, I make apps.  I will come over there to Facebook HQ and build this feature in for free if you like.
In the last couple weeks the FB app started clogging up the newsfeed with suggestions from Marketplace. I found a spot to click sad faces under areas FB had listed as my interests. I still have Marketplace about every 6 or 7 posts on my feed.   We also need a way to set our newsfeeds the way we want them permanently. Top Stories or Most Recent. Instead we have to choose Most Recent every time we use the app.   FB says they are going to push more of our friends into our feeds and not our pages. I don’t understand why they want to parent us like that. We should have the choice. When our friends are always first, then we see the same posts from them over and over whenever their friends make new comments on them.   I’m an early adopter in FB. But these recent developments may drive me away from the app permanently. 
The latest update is constantly crashing on latest iOS
This app is horrible now , every single update that goes through presents new problems , issues reading post and leaving comments are virtually impossible now
I agree with "Useless'" comment. I only see a hand full of my friends in my news feed plus I have a few friends that post all day long and overloads my notifications. What's up with that??? 😳. Facebook is for when your bored and you scroll through fb to see the 5-8 ppl that show up on your news feed. Or see something that's a week old. 🤨
I would go to the calendar and press on the event, then the app closes by itself. It's really annoying. Getting to today's events by scrolling all the way to the top is already irritating enough. Please fix the problem! Thank you.
A man name Raymond Cunningham has compermized my account my bank account can’t firgire how to get him off my site O let him have my computer because I trusted him to fix it has all my information call police got a hold of all the bank please somebody help me
The mobile version might be not as good as the computer version but it still is a great place to go if you’re bored
iPhone X here, the swipe right action to own the camera is super annoying. I’ve not once taken a photo from facebooks camera app. I also really don’t like facebooks version of instagrams plagiarized Snapchat stories. And whatever update just happened made the app super slow. Videos freeze within the first 30 seconds or so, comments now take forever to load, and of course the chronological order of posts isn’t there which is very annoying. I just don’t enjoy Facebook now like I did a year and a half ago
Will not let me change my picture
I would rate higher if items that appear on my timeline were in chronological order. I hate missing out on things my friends post because I see it almost a week later. Also, GET RID OF ADS!!!
Do you like constant crashes, impossible navigation, and video freezes? Well then Facebook is the app for you!
I guess this started with the latest update, but the videos in my news feed keep playing the sound automatically, even though I have that option disabled. I keep turning the sound off but after some scrolling it starts again. Very annoying.
Poking - not everyone does this anymore, but it’s a tradition with me and a friend of mine. Now it’s totally screwed up! I have to go to the poke twice in order to poke back. Waste of time. Why do this to an update??
You guys needa fix it because it took me 7 tries to actually change my location, it kept on saying that it couldn’t load the location and it irritates me..
I’m so peeved, I got a message that was from a hacker. I didn’t open it. You’d think with all the money, they could afford to build a firewall on Facebook.  They don’t get rid of the hackers or spammers  Plus this practice of asking all the pages to pay to have more people see their posts? Ridiculous.  It doesn’t even deserve one star. 
Does not have self cleaning cache. After a week if you don’t delete and reinstall Facebook will grow from 250megs to 2gigs. Horrible please add this.
This has been the worst Facebook update ever. It’s steadily been getting worse with black outs and crashes every week. Stop this nonsense and fix it already.
I use this everyday, I like to talk to my friends and post stuff! I can’t play any games anymore, posting gif pics aren’t working and I cannot see most of my friends posts!!! Fix it or give me the option to reinstall the last updat 
The new update you Just did this morning  Is poop  I hate comments looking like that and it has no flow to it what-so-ever  Please correct your abhorrent mistakes Facebook folks the square comments make sense...unless you are trying to make like MySpace and become obsolete. 
I used to love to use this app to watch viral videos and keep up with my friends but it’s so clogged with ads that have been based off my search history that I had to delete the app because it creeps me out so much. Twitter and Instagram are so much better these days.
I hate it! So many glitches
Please change the comment area back to how it was!! The floating comment bar is horrible!!!! Please please stop trying “to make Facebook better”. You are screwing it up worse!  Stop already.
After I updated the app two days ago, it has been draining my iPhone 7 battery pretty quickly! I ran diagnostics on my battery and it is at 97%, so it’s not a battery issue. Developers must look at this issue!
After the new update I can only scroll down to a certain extent and cannot see earlier posts. Can a fix be sent ?!?!?
Don’t like this new updates. It already worsened   Keeps freezing  even when uninstalled to reinstall again doesn’t help. The other way I have to do is reboot this cell phone to keep this FB app going.  Not a happy camper. This needs to stop. Plus, this app is taking up memory space on phone. 
After being on Facebook for a while all of a certain I can't get back on unless I present certain documents, pictures, real name. Some of the documents they're asking for is absurd. It shouldn't have anything to do with your account. I personally don't know if this is a hacker or what.  Do I stand to lose my pictures and friend list. How can I log back into my account? I have reset my password and still can't get back on.  This new look on FB is pitiful. The font is to small and no way to enlarge it. 
I rarely use this anymore. I mostly use it for a place to save my photos. I watch videos and "fall into a rabbit hole", but now ADS, (yes, COMMERCIALS) stop me from watching even good content! You've become annoying FB!
How is it that I have over 100 mbps, 30ms ping yet everything is constantly buffering? I have nothing running in the background, yet this problem still goes on. Why even release updates if nothing released works?
time pass
Friend request not work when clicking on the friend symbol
This is by far the worst! I’m try to download this new app for Facebook! It’s a joke! I just read a review that someone else posted and I have to agree with this person 100%! You would think with all the money the founders have made they would mastered the basic features of using the Facebook app! Get it together FB maybe you should screen your technicians to make sure that they have a higher mentality then a third grader!
Please add dark mode which will make the background black thanks! Hopefully you will do this :*
ITS AWSOME🤩🤩🤩🤩
Now I can’t even watch a video, always ads like every videos I’ve watched so I just skipped that crap instead  Updated - much longer video ads, constantly. Very convincing 
One star for not responding to comments
How long is this going to happen? It’s been doing this for over a year....... 2/20/18 still flashing thanks for all the ads and not fixing an actual issue
Facebook turned its entire ecosystem in to a revenue generating machine for the stockholders, forgetting totally about the human experience.
Every time I try to watch a video it freezes and it is not due to internet because it happens regardless of where I am.
Keeps crashing
Every time I open the app, it says my session has timed out and I need to log in again.   This happens immediately after I log in.
Latest update freezes
Stupid fb won’t even open now ... good job
app freezes when i push notifications button
The Two Code Authentication doesn't work anymore and needs to be fixed. I tried signing in, but nothing works.
When using my app all my videos stick...... they start & go back to the beginning.the. It gets half way and does the same thing about 3 times & never gets to the end........ is there something that can be done to fix this problem.
Well this app always logs me out or say I have to verify by a picture and that I can’t log in until photo is reviewed. There’s no other option for me to access my account and it locks me out for a couple of days this is the 3rd time. I always have a bad experience with Facebook should’ve stuck to snapchat and never made a new Facebook account!
What happened to the collage when I post several pictures.  This is much worse now!  Only see two on the front page.  Why????😤
I am getting really tired of having to go to ‘most recent’ to view posts. All I want is to see everything posted by my friends in the order it was posted. Is that really so hard? Just make ‘most recent’ a default setting option. Boom, done. Simple really. The algos are laughable
Why you guys got to make it even worse!!! Putting ads on the app. Every time I’m trying to watched a video the ads pop up. Like cmon now really
I tried uploading 6 pictures and it can’t do it! First time trying and I’m going on an hour and 17 mins waiting for it to post. What the heck?? I only got the app bc I can’t upload more than about 3 via internet on my phone.
I don’t receive any notifications for I don’t know how many months!
I will increase my rating when one of the worlds largest information sharing organizations stops selecting, deleting, and hiding posts and information based solely on political bias. Facebook: the orwellian future of social networking where conservative views are suppressed and silenced while objective language and images with suggestive content, and extreme violence are allowed. And its owned and run buy an admitted globalist... 
So my account got hacked I wasn’t using it for a week and over that week the hacker joined 2 disgusting meme groups and posted some disgusting and disturbing memes and I got a 3 day ban I needed support to change my passcode and to remove my ban because they needed to understand so I sent a support message and you know what I got it said we looked over the photo again your still banned I will still be using Facebook but all I can say is don’t get hacked and if you do change your password immediately
I use the Facebook app often to upload pictures from travels. I wish you could upload more than 40 photos at a time. Today I had to make 4 separate posts for one days worth of photos.
Showing other users when we were last online is way too intrusive. You’re taking stalking to a new level. It may be time to cut out FB completely from my life.
Please fix the issue , I cannot stay more than one minute in the app and it takes me out ..
Facebook app keeps getting messier and watching a video is an odyssey now. It looks ok, kinda like IOS interface.
Also there are real problems with the app. For example when connected to LTE it will not load and gives me a message that there is no internet connection despite other apps like Instagram working just fine.
Wow here’s a concept, instead of doing what no one asked for, put the news feed back on chronological order. Thanks.
Facebook is fun to keep up with your friends but it doesn’t keep the posts up to date. You can scroll and see things from days ago in your current feed. I’m constantly deleting “friend requests” from overseas strangers.
This app is horrible it as almost impossible to navigate in and out of videos then the darn thing locks you into a video and you have to close the entire app to get out what a bad idea. And now there are so many adds and other junk you hardly see anything from your friends might as well watch tv commercials all day.
My Facebook has been stuck in this position for 3 days! I don’t know if I can quit this update as I have tried everything! I need my Facebook back now!!!
Can’t see all the people or pages that should be in my newsfeed! Seeing the same ad with a different name at least ever 3 when scrolling.
Facebook should be simpler to can competition with other socials and messemgers look like instagram and telegram it should be newer i think but its not bad at all
Never had this problem before. This version is constantly crashing. Once you open the app again and start scrolling, within a minute, it crashes again. Pls fix it. Using it in an iPad.
Don’t like the way videos are organized
This new version is horrible. When I’m trying to write a comment, invariably I have to re-do it because it doesn’t post it the first time. Use the desktop version!
I hate how I’m been blocked for using a name that I have use for social media my entire life. I guess I will have to delete this app. I’m not giving you a picture of my ID. I thought Facebook was suppose to be a diary where you post your thoughts. Now those thoughts aren’t private anymore. Anyone can look up your name and see everything about you!!
Every time after opening the page it shuts down  Continually after the last update 
Can't post pics in reply anymore. Imagine if we didn't have to get updates that did things we don't want and things just stayed working? Crazy idea huh?
Facebook is one of the great things in the world ..
Hi, in my setting, Facebook section of the app when I click on the Facebook the app shows me the version but nothing in the about section of the app also my app does not show an up arrow to get new statuses is their a reason why this is happening? I been experiencing no up arrow on the app for quite some time now.
Newest update seems to have slowed everything down. I’ve been attempting to update my profile picture for a day now and it just never changes over. It also is taking way longer for feed to refresh.
After I updated my app I can’t even open the Facebook app on my iPhone anymore. I also can’t remove it. Just a Facebook app sitting on my home screen. This is the worst idea Facebook has ever acted on any of my phones. Very disappointed
Usually I like this app it lets me keep up with everything that is happening with my family back home. Until recently Facebook marketplace has been taken away from the app. I would love to have this back but am wondering what happened to it. Please let me have Facebook marketplace back....
To many changes. But I do like in a way that you see what my interest are. And try to tailor my app to me. But every two weeks it changes to new platform. Ask people which one that they like best and leave it at that.
Fb keeps locking me out when I try to make a new one with my phone number why 😡
Hate the new video format! You can't easily scroll through videos like you used to. It's too complicated! And why isn't there a place I can disable suggested friends? If I wanted to add someone on Facebook I would search them then add them. I don't need lists of strangers on my feed everyday. It's creepy.
Too bad Facebook is too big and powerful to read or care about any of our reviews. Time for the next social media platform!!!!
Porque no puedo descargar Facebook me dice "esta actualización no esta disponible, intente mas tarde"
Uses more and more iPad 4 storage. Like the app better than online version, but cannot FB work on not Gobbling up all my space ? The app alone is now at 252 MB
Mark zuckerburg has became a bigoted sellout. this app invades your privacy, spams the crap out of you, and is all around just terrible. Don’t fall victim to this propaganda. L
The video thing is weird... I am so used to being able to scroll down to the next video.
😏
I am about ready to deactivate my Facebook account because I am SICK of the app always crashing on me! I will be in the middle of posting and it crashes. I am not able to open my saved posts/videos without the app crashing. Every. Freaking. Time. It forced an update on the app and then everything went to crap. Facebook, get it together and fix your app!! You WILL lose customers over how crappy it is!
the upgrade is just to get more memory space while the app crashes or constantly reloads a page but they’re quick to flag posts due to their standards- not good
I have no issues with using FB from my Phone. If you’re having issues, it could be the phone carrier service. Love FB, it’s brought family I haven’t seen in year back into my life. Thank you FB!!!
Stop the ads on the videos😠
El método para compartir es demasiado engorroso, es horrible... y ahora la manera de ver los videos es poco útil... antes podía ir de uno en uno solo deslizándome por la pantalla, ahora tengo que seleccionarlos -.- lo único bueno es que se pueden adelantar por 10 segundos... todo lo demás, pésimo!!
Constant problems with contents, if you go to another content it takes you to the beginning, also swiping to the left or to the right by accident you loose your place. On profiles, when one goes to the option called next it will not allow you to look at the context.  This app keeps functioning worse and worse almost daily. Looking for another social app
Facebook keeps trying to make itself the next big thing integrating new stuff constantly. Just because you can doesn’t mean you should. I never use this camera there’s no option to turn it off and all it does is lag your phone when you accidentally swipe one too many times.
Enough already! WHAT updates? WHAT did you “improve” and HOW? Exactly WHAT has changed?? I want the details.
Why is it so big? And why does it crash? Some quality engineering here /s
Live video isn’t loading.
App keeps crashing every time I open NBC4. Inconvenient when I'm trying to follow news stories :-/ timeline doesn't refresh well, either.
Crashes every time it is started
Very bad always restart  Stop every minute 
I’m very disappointed in the new update... I do not like how the new videos are. It was easier and better to click a video and be able to scroll down and watch videos instead now, we have to click for info, comments, and look through all the videos. To me, it isn’t a good design and I hope Facebook goes back to its old way...
The swipe left for the camera is irritating as f*ck. And Why should I have to select most recent posts. I don't care about stuff from 2 weeks ago...
It’s become so crappy. Some pages you like will never be in your feed. Most of everything is a link to another 3rd party pages where you watch a 60 second ad for a 20 second video. It’s just become so lame in many ways
Everyone seems to be complaining about fake accounts and the actual Facebook service, but these should be app reviews. Not site reviews. So here's my quick review: I updated, and then I quickly went back to an older version of the app. Why? Because the UI is so sloppy and pointless now. I only use three out of the five tabs because the others have no use. If you are going to change the way an app looks, at least give users customizability to make their lives easier for what they actually want to use it for. I would rather have it how it was. The newsfeed, friend requests/suggestions, messages, notifications, and a settings/info list. After they got rid of the ability to check messages in-app, it just went downhill. The amount of storage space the app uses is terrifying as well, especially if you have an older device with less available storage (8-16GB).  TL;DR: Don't update the app anymore. 
I shouldn’t even rate this app☝🏼SMH because that person up there pretty much says it all and yup it’s all true.
Zero stars to you Facebook .  Why did you take away our ability to like a comment on our live shows? Forced to rate this review so I give you a 1 Star but, really it is minus 5 stars😡
I am not a big fan of the way you respond to pokes now with the new update so please bring back the old way of poking people back the way it was before thank you
I’ve been a Facebook user for a long time but I gotta say I stopped using Facebook because the app became complicated for no reason. It was way better and fun to scroll down without all the swapping and bunch of things the app has. I also don’t understand who decided to make another app for messenger?? it’s just really unnecessary. I miss the old fb days ☹️👎🏽
Crashes everytime I open a link
Videos crash every time I try to play a video. Fix it please.
Terrible experience now.  Used to just be ads that made it bad.  Now with each update, they push their own agendas which are focused only on making FB more money and not the user experience (I don't WANT a "watch TV" button on my lower toolbar!). Also, it's buggy... it's been showing a marketplace notification for a long time now (won't clear even on restarts).
The new way that “next up” videos load/look is terrible. The old way of just swiping up to continue was far better. I guess I’ll just use iFunny now
Seem to have missed the developers that there’s a 12” iPad that’s been out for almost two years. Still no adaptation for the resolution.
The app used to be good, and it was until this most recent update.  Why does it bring up a list of videos now instead of the old style where it automatically scrolled to the next video?  Give it back.
After the last update a week or so ago the app is now crashing right when I open it. Pretty useless at this point
They should change the name of Facebook to Liberal Propaganda.  I’ve never experienced such extreme biased when using social media.  They silence anyone who is conservative. I hate this app.
Even though this is a decent app , This is the only FREE app that requires my credit card information to update it . Every other app in the store I can update with out them having my credit card information but I can’t update my Facebook app . Total bull crap if you ask me .
Why are all of my post now shareable even though I have it set to friends?????  I don’t like that.  Just started after the update this morning.
I used to love Facebook but now they have changed so much that it’s impossible to love them anymore.   The saddest aspect about Facebook is, they get to choose when someone sees your post. Instead of when they actually post it. I had posted a few times about being depressed and asking for a friend to talk to.   No answer for days because my friends didn’t get to see my posts. Thank goodness I was able to get help that night because all i wanted to do was end everything.   Depression is a real thing and there are a lot of people who suffer from depression. I often feel ignored as it is. Now I have a Facebook account that makes me feel even more alone and even more ignored.   So my suggestion to you is when people post to Facebook don’t try to set it to what you think is most important to see first.   And if you insist on having control of what people see first, why not make sure you’re using a filter of words used like: depression, dead and suicidal. Move that to the top of the list of what’s seen first. 
The new updates are just getting annoying now 😒
So I’m reading something in the app. Suddenly my cat starts barfing. I have to get up and clean up then give kitty some reassurance. I go back to the Facebook app to continue reading the story . BLAMMO!! The app says “oh no you don’t “ and refreshes the feed to start all over. I then have to search for what I was reading. And the app is terrible for that.  Make this a preference setting. Something like “use manual refresh”. Or simply just add a UIRefreshControl 
البرنامج يخرج من تلقاء نفسه وهذه المشكلة لاتزال قائمة ولا حلول لها ..
So smooth
I can’t get on Facebook. It’s so completely not like it use to be. Everyone always messes it up for everyone else
For the most part, Facebook does serve the purpose that I need it for. That’s communicating with my family who don’t live in my house. But, here lately, it has been extremely irritating! For one, I can’t access the Facebook Marketplace; which I would immensely enjoy. For two, I hate the camera access by swiping your finger the right. It’s very annoying, because then I have to wait for it to actually open my camera and focus on something to be able to get out of it. And three, the ads... I wouldn’t mind it if, before the videos, I had to watch an ad. But, in the middle of a video... how stupid. That’s enough to make me exit out of the video that I was probably enjoying. I’m sure there is more, but, I will stop here. Just fix the crap already! *rolls eyes*
It’s horrible, after the latest update it crashes all the time. I get enough time to read Facebook’s statement saying they are making it better and enjoy the new update and than when I try to scroll it crashes ugh, I’ve got plenty of space and an up to date, fairly new iPad. I hope they fix this soon.
After update it’s not working anymore
My facebook app suddenly stopped working. I open the app to two posts, it wont load more then it freezes and shuts down on its own. Same happens if i try and watcha video. Also the slight swiping that opens the camera is really annoying. 
I thought this app was suppose to be simple. Over 200+mb of adds. Can’t even download this app without being connected to WiFi.
Reminds me of the slow takeover of MySpace first the horrible updates followed by the pay to get better options/likes and ending with marketing everything down your throat/feed  So what’s the next social media trend 
Whenever there is comment or post containing gujarati language text, it shows big blank space
I can’t react to Facebook posts anymore. Whenever I react to a post, Facebook says, “There’s been an error. Try again later.”
Got on Facebook trying to find some old pictures, but couldn’t because my albums got deleted?!?!?
Kill Facebook.
App won’t load past the first few items. Not sure what is wrong with it. Tried deleting, restarting phone, and everything else. Apps broken for the time being. Terrible update.
Looks like a app. Works like an app
So... I roll through Facebook newsfeed on my phone, then after I’ve been on it for 20 minutes or so, I noticed that the newsfeed starts bebopping or resetting itself while I’m rolling through it. This is not fun! Please fix! I have asked others on my newsfeed if this happens to them and I have had SEVERAL of your FB clients agree. Annoying!
I enjoy how it won’t let me upload any pics. Cool feature. 👌🏻
Spent too much time on it and not enough time with my dog.
The adds that cut in the middle of videos are the most annoying thing ever.
Who decides what is "fake?" Social engineers should be executed by firing squad.
This latest update has made the app constantly crash. Very disappointed.
Keeps crashing every time I open an article. Please fix this  problem.
Currently crashing after a minute , unable to post pics. Pls fix.
Facebook has carefully designed its app so that every mis-swipe or back-browser tap leads to the “my story” feature.  I hate the “my story” feature.  I don’t want my camera accessed when I don’t want my camera accessed.  It also has ads that sometimes autoplay audio when merely scrolling past them on the timeline.  At certain times of the day this can be startling, and that’s pretty serious coming from an abuse survivor with ptsd.  Facebook, stop this.  Give us the option to easily turn these new features off.  They are god-awful. 
...Since the last update. Didn’t crash nearly as much before then.
Crashes every time I play a video.
I certainly get more value out of this app than not. Helps me stay in touch with my clients friends and family. I use it to find out intimate details about my prospects and clients which in turn allows me to make a very agreeable living since my entire income revolves around genuine relationships. Thank you Facebook for helping me stay in touch with everyone.
I went to a Verizon store and the worker asked for Apple ID I guess being older he took advantage of me.  These hackers have changed my email took my phone number off account so I can’t even get on my own account.  It’s so upsetting as I don’t want to lose pictures but even worse now they use my phone number.   Facebook doesn’t try to resolve problems.
Why can’t I share the photos of my new nephew that my brother posted on his wall? 😡😡😡
I am so sick of Facebook..I was only on a couple of months and they logged me out at no fault of my own. I used Facebook to keep in contact with my family...hackers have messed it all up for me..I need to close Facebook account completely..I wish I never got on Facebook...I can’t seem to opt of this crooked racket !!!! I advise no to even get on Facebook. I would like to delete my account but I am stuck. There isn’t even a number to call someone from Facebook. I don’t have a computer just my phone...😡👎!!!!!!!!
I was sooooo excited when I saw FaceBook for iPad update today.  Finally, I was certain that I would get my group photo album back... but, no.  The Groups app worked, but you took it away and never gave us back the functionality.  Is this REALLY that hard?  I used to program for a living and I’m pretty sure I could have fixed this in WAY less than six months... by myself.
When I say “disable notifications “ please respect that. Please stop telling me that my notifications are turned off. Please stop putting a red badge as if there is something important to look at. I do not want any notifications from Facebook and I only use it when I have time and can it afford to get notified on the phone and watch. I really hope Apple makes a rule where you aren’t supposed to annoy and nag notifications disablers
Why they increased size of the app? Almost 500Mb for what? It does same thing as previous versions with 100mb! 
WE NEED UPDATE FOR WINDOWS VERSION !!!!
Cmon
I don’t know what happened but from last update it’s crashing.
Every update I keep hoping the swipe right to open camera feature is gone. Accidentally open almost every time I scroll. Irritating.
This app is absolutely useless! All it does is send you a ton of emails about potential friends! I know who I want to follow. The format looks like a low budget website.😡😡😡😡😡
This app start crashing and being useless.
I am another who does not care for the “Top Stories” feed - I always switch to “Most Recent” and want to be able to have that by default. However, on the current build, it crashes. #FAIL.
I have 100 albums and only 15 are showing up.  I would like to be able to view my albums using the app on my iPhone and iPad without having to use a laptop or Safari’s “request desktop Site”.  Every update done makes for a more miserable experience using your app!  Please restore my albums!  Also, you do not respond when issues have been reported to you. Terrible customer service.  **** FB app updated today 1-18-2018 and all my albums have been restored.  Thank you for fixing the glitch.  I will now go from 1 to 3 Star review.  Still room for improvement.
App always crashes when scrolling, and to top it off now every once in a while it turns on in-app sounds which makes the whole experience about 100 times worse.
This app is awful. I have background app refresh turned off but I regularly have 8hrs of background activity a day from it. Which leads to battery drain. Check out your battery usage in settings. I bet you'll see the same.   And this has been happening since at least 2015. So don't expect them to fix it. 
Agree with Bill2Go, most recent update causing app crash when opening links/ articles.
Very good app
Have no complaints on the iPhone version but after the most recent update at the time I write this, the app won’t load anymore on the iPad version. I agree with the majority of other reviewers about these frequent updates. With me having to update on both my iPhone and iPad versions at a high app file size for each can be annoying and too long for those who have a slow internet connection. Unless the iPad version gets fixed in another so-called update, I may have to rely on using the mobile web browser instead.
Latest update to fix bugs?!?! OMG no! Every time I try to get on Facebook it crashes!! And when I got to the recent tab, it shows me stuff from a week ago nothing new or current. Facebook is becoming such a joke. And stop suggesting groups and pages to follow. You do not know what I like, your suggestions are so far off, just stop.
All of my albums are not loading on the app. I have to go through the slow process of using safari.
In my opinion It’s what’s wrong with the world today
Why is there an update almost everyday
At first, I enjoyed the app. I even gave the app positive reviews. But that has changed. When I use the app and try to post anything, the app will only let me type a few words. Also, it seems like every week, the have another update. It's becoming annoying.
Sorry, but messenger should not be a different app. It’s a part of the functionality of the site. And the app should have messenger already included. But Facebooks makes you download a separate app if you want to use that function. Sorry, but that just doesn’t work for me.
My Facebook won’t update 🙄
It used to work fine. Since the latest update, when I close a video, it will continue playing the audio but will black the screen out. I cannot close the video and resume scrolling my newsfeed. Instead I have to close the app. SO annoying. Fix it please!!
Please review this app, use too much space. And is very slowly when used
Every time I try to click a link the app crashes. As if that isn’t annoying enough, it is incredibly difficult to find what I wanted to click on again. Please fix
Constantly crashes
Come on Facebook I have been trying to upgrade for 2hrs now so I deleted it and am going to try and reload it.
Half of the time you visit a link or a FB group page (nothing questionable) your page gets hijacked to some scam advertisement for a free iPhone or gift card or other crap like that.
Tell us what your updating when we download.  Don’t be so lazy and use the same “canned” message.
So gross these days
Normal developers tell us what each and every update contains. But Facebook gives us a vague description of their own. Corporate stupidity.
Once I can use the app without it crashing on startup, I’ll re-review
I’m missing photo albums!! Not happy as these are of my sons birth, my wedding and honey moon!!
Facebook does Not sell tide pods
Since the most recent up my app keeps crashing and is not working... it actually stinks!! Facebook apps needs work!!
Since last update keeps freezing up!!
Last update is causing more problems than help. Videos won’t play and I might get one word written in a comment section and it will not let me write anymore. Please quit making things worse.
Post approvals nearly impossible to find, doesn't matter if you are using the Facebook app or the "page manager" app. When you tap a notification that a post needs approval, why on Earth wouldn't you have that take you directly to a place you can approve it?!
I would have given 5 stars but they took out the profile video feature so I’m disappointed~
So after using Instagram for some time, I decided to give Facebook a try, and oh boy was that a mistake. One of my main issues is the complete silencing of Conservative viewpoints. The other is I’ve contacted them multiple times about not being able to access the Marketplace and not having no icon, and I have yet to get a response, let alone solution. If you’re trying to decide between this and Instagram, don’t even bother with Facebook.
It’s mind blowing how big of a company you are and can’t build an app that is neat and glitch proof. The app has gotten cluttered with all of these useless features and menus, and it won’t even act right to load comments properly, and even pages sometimes. Sometimes I get the web version of a page and it’s just confusing. Not to mention you all butchered the app when you separated messenger and now messenger  is this messy annoying app that gives you a notification for everything you don’t care about. At this point, I’m only still on Facebook to network. If I wasn’t, I’d cast it into the sea and never download it ever again.
Usually I love the app! But why can’t I see all of my photo albums??? Is anyone else having this problem??
Facebook marketplace hasn’t been on any of my new phones since I had the 6s, I have the iPhone 8 and it isn’t on my phone for some reason! Facebook better fix this ASAP or I’m going to insta
It’s seriously lame. I’m over it. Bye MySpace. ✌🏻️
Its crasing a lot and I cant even see what my friends are posting.
I’ve had this app on my phone for quite a while and had no problems but for several days now it crashes when I try to look at any videos. Very irritating.
Idk what's going on... maybe it's just my phone but the app take over 4 minutes to open and sometimes crashes
Keeps crashing. At least 3 times a day
So I just got a new Iphone X and after a few days the videos on the app have stopped playing sound. When I go to the web version of facebook the sound is fine. Having the same problem with Instagram. It’s been a few days and it hasn’t been fixed.
Every time my phone auto correct corrects something or adds a apostrophe I have to exit the chat I’m in to be able to type further.
Keeps showing 20 notifications when there is really only 1-2
App crash when update
WHY are all of my photo albums now not showing in the APP!?!  I wanted to be able to access them from my phone and computer but a recent change and now only a few albums show on my phone.  BAD MOVE 😡😡😡😡😡  What happens to messages that are sent to non friends in the app!?!?!  There is no way I can find to see "other" messages like you can on the computer.    Not loving it at all.  How is this app rated so high with all the issues it continues to have?   I write posts and they never show up.  Notifications are slow to show or never show at all so I miss things others post.  I use lists and the page of posts keeps disappearing and I get a page that says find friends or add friends.     There have been so many issues I cannot even write about them all. I like keeping in touch with people so I continue to use it but this app is certainly not great. 
Getting lagging, not our connection.
The Facebook icon with an alarm clock badge is always in my dock. I don’t want it always forcing itself there. I’ve tried everything to get rid of it and it keeps coming back.
The 12.9” iPad Pro has been out forever now, and FB still has not updated the display options in the App to accommodate this screen size. It’s ugly and not a good experience on the large iPad Pro.
What I really don’t like is how FB shows everyone what you comment on other people’s posts. Please stop. I don’t want to know what Sally commented on a post for a person or a page I don’t even follow.
Omg my Facebook keep pushing me out ...
No Perfil do futuro Presidente do Brasil🇧🇷 Jair Messias Bolsonaro o aplicativo em questão não me PERMITE convidar meu AMIGOS para Curtir a sua PÁGINA!!! Isso é inadmissível!!! #BolsonaroPresidente 
Ever since the last update I can’t comment. I type a few characters and the curser disappears and it freezes up.
I don't know what has happened but now when I type into the app, it stops taking my input.  I get maybe 6-7 characters typed, then it stops.  I have to exit and come back in.  Can't reply to messages like this, can only read. Please fix.  Other than that, I like FB.  Gives me an opportunity to keep up with friends and family.
I am happy that every update of facebook brings awesome features. But after I updated to version 154.0, I can no longer connect to the internet. Why oh why?? :((
I don’t like that videos AUTOMATICALLY go into full screen when you watch a video on my wall, I don’t EVER go full screen mode because I don’t like it! Either remove that stupid feature or add a setting to remove it!!
I want to use the static filter that i fond creative in a video to my phone gallery but when i hit “save story” the app crashes.. I expected more from Facebook. Thanks zuckerberg
My friends have the icon on their orders iPhone models... why don’t I have marketplace on my iPhone X?
The app start getting stuck
marketplace is not showing up
All of my photo albums on Facebook are not showing now. They are still there, but on the app they don’t show. I just made sure my phone is up to date with the latest iOS, and I have also logged out of the fb app, deleted it, and reinstalled it. And for some reason all of my photo albums still are not showing. I’m not the only person with this issue because i seen another person post about their missing albums too. Please fix this glitch that is causing albums to not show up when using the app.
Running v154 on iOS 11.2.2  The app crashes almost every time I try to open a link, like an article. 
I always have to re-download because it constantly crashes and freezes up my phone. Also I now have a problem where i can only type so much and then I cannot type any more. I type a sentence and ai cannot finish it so I have to send my messages in awkward pauses. I have to close the app, and then continue typing again. This only happens on this particular app, not on any others.
The change is awful! I’m on Facebook to see my friends’ posts not dang ads!!! Change it back or there will be several who will stop using Facebook!
Glad I deleted this junky, messy application!  Wish this app was what it used to be. Terrible and keeps getting worse. Good job updating just to hide reviews and never reading feedback! 
Thinking it’s time for a new look Facebook. We’re starting to get bored. Something fun, new and easy to use. New color choices maybe? Idk you guys will think of something.
It’s Facebook what were you expecting
Ever since new update I cannot see my older photo albums. News feed is a jumble, and ads.. oy
Photo albums all missing from 2013-2007, one album specifically missing from 2017. Newest Apple update and subsequent Facebook update and hundreds of pictures missing! I am livid!
The new update is trash. Can’t even scroll or open links without the app dying.
I gave 4 stars since I usually really like this app, but since the update I can’t type anything in reply’s or new post. Most of the time now it freezes mid sentence or word and won’t let me finish. I can leave the post and do other stuff but posting is nigh impossible right now
Not worth it locked me out twice they asked me to prove who I am so I sent them a photo I’d twice still can’t get in now they say I’m using the wrong phone number what a joke
Facebook have more ads that you can’t even tell if you have new feed from families and friends. To much useless stuff are added so it gets confusing. Goodbye FB!
My Photos are NOT HERE?!??!! The photos for my friends posts are NOT HERE?!?!!! Just the “processing spinner” spinning. Fix it!
App is useless. Crashes after 10 seconds every time I open it.  Good job developers. Oh well. Twitter it is. Thanks for making the choice to leave Facebook easy. Bye. 
This is the app for your self-obsession. Not only does it make you think people are talking about you, it also is a full-time spying system ready to listen to, encroach on and ruin your entire life. Have fun!
Why the eff is the text so big now 😩😒
It would be nice to have landscape view so as to make typing and chatting easier on my iPhone. Incremental download would be nice as obtaining wifi isn't an easy task. As of recently when I’m typing a message it just stops writing what I’m typing. I then have to back out of the convo and go back in to type and then it repeats. Thought maybe it was my phone so I tried it in a text message and had no issue.
Has potential.
Facebook keeps crashing for about a week now...
It's fine, it does what it needs to, but no matter where you turn it never has a dark theme option for people like me. It's painful to look at all this pure white based apps and websites. Twitter goes dark. Facebook should go dark.
Can’t even use it now.
All I have to say is this is a good app and haters going to hate rock on Facebook😆😆😆
Everytime I try to see recent updates, the app crashes. Please fix
App keeps crashing. Haven’t had that issue in quite some time. Hope they fix it soon.
This app is utterly useless. Just plain ole trash.
اضيفوا اللغة العربية
FACEBOOK STOP POPPING UP MY FEEDBACK OR NOTIFICATIONS TWICE CAUSE ITS ANNOYING I FEEL LIKE YOU GUYS ARE GLITCHIN HERE LIKE CMON FIX THAT ITS ANNOYING
No clue what Facebook did this time. I can’t even look at my feed for 30 seconds without it crashing and returning to my home screen. Already reported, but of course they don’t really care. I’m pretty sick and tired of Facebook deciding what I see on my feed. And what’s with the “most recent” option?  Showing me things days and weeks old sure doesn’t look like recent to me. The single reason I have Facebook is to keep up with grandkids. If they ever find a better solution I will delete this piece of crap!
Annoying to use, far too many ads, and doesn’t show me the posts I want to see very easily.
They try to force you into downloading a separate app to message people. Never used to be like that. I will not install two separate apps so I’ll stick to texting.
Ever since the new update it crashes all the time now. Please fix
I have had the app for many years. All of a sudden my app crashes almost as soon as it opens. Hope they send out a fix soon!
What Bill2go said...why are you making it harder than it is? Show my friends posts in the order they posted them. I don’t want your filters and priorities put on my timeline. Since the last update my app crashes after about 3 to 5 minutes of use. I also feel like every time I go into the App Store there is a Facebook update. This is ridiculous. You used to be a get up, get back to basics!
App not optimized for iOS11, nor is it optimized for the 12.9" iPad resolutions.  No point in an iPad app.
Just read the title
After the most recent update to iOS on Apple devices you can't load more than 20 albums I've reported the issue 5 times already over 5 days and they still have yet to fix it
Entro a mi perfil y no puedo ver mis nuevas notificaciones, se ha quedado congelada la página o la app!! Por favor atender rápidamente y solucionar el problema!!!
Facebook and Facebook Messenger. Not cool. What moron decided to make a separate App for messages and updates on every other day. Not cool whoever’s doing that. Make Facebook simple. Messenger takes lots of storage. Not Cool. Try getting it to better before everyone starts reporting
This app is bloated with crap 250mb? LOL!  Devs need to go on a diet. Deleted! Gone back to safari version
Crashes every time I open it. Ughhhh
The new update for FaceBook requires you to install messenger. Facebook has full access to your microphone, camera, contacts, and location. This invades people’s privacy. When you look to alternatives such as WhatsApp and Instagram, FACEBOOK also owns them now. I would not install this app for the sake of your privacy.
Every update makes the app worse.   It takes 10+ seconds for the app to load on some of my devices. 
You put out all of these updates to "fix" some bugs, but didn't fix the main one that keeps making it crash every time it is opened or when you start a new message to someone. Make a landscape mode like on the ipad app. Very disappointed in the "upgrades." Also, get rid of the ads that pop up randomly during the videos. We see enough ads just scrolling; we don’t need to see them in the middle of a video. Especially when I have NO interest in what the ads are showing. 
I install this only when I need on the market place and am away from my computer.  This app tracks your every movement and listens to your conversations.  Sure it’s all for pushing ads, but that doesn’t make it any less unsettling.  It’s ok as long as your device doesn’t have a mic.  If you think turning the mic off helps?  Your wrong, you will still get ads about your conversations.
The fact that FB had to break out Messenger and still have nearly 1/4 GB for their software load tells all. Privacy settings changed or ignored with updates based on corporate whim. Birthday used to be turned off, however friends are now notified without my consent.
Some of my old album is missing!!! Fix it soon FB!
What just happened???   I’m missing over half my photo albums!!!  Please tell me they aren’t gone forever!!!!
soy incapaz de encontrar la “sección explorar”
Latest update keeps crashing and won’t scroll past a few posts.
I have always loved this app, but lately it's been so glitchy it's almost intolerable. Comments take forever to load, scrolling freezes and randomly just closes. Worst of all, I'm only able to see a small portion of my photos. I have 57 photo albums on my profile but I'm only able to view 20 of then. It does not give me an option to view additional albums it's like they just don't exist. I logged in on the computer and they're all still there, but I can't view them on mobile. Please resolve this. I'd like to be able to look at my own photos please.
Facebook blocks and bans people for the dumbest things.  It’s ai does not pic up full blown nudes but if you post a model in underwear that gets you banned.  I know everything shouldn’t be posted to FB but if you’re in a group you should have more liberty.
On the app I can no longer view all my picture albums. This is annoying as I sometimes need an older picture that I no longer have on my phone.
Every time I like something it tells me I’m over using the like button and kicks me out.
The latest update is terrible. The app constantly crashes, especially when I'm in the "most recent" news feed. Please fix it
1. Fix the unfollow tool. I’m tired of seeing people on my feed that I have unfollowed. 2. Let us turn messages off if we don’t want to download the messenger app. 3. Stop updating the app with no fixes. 
Fix it!!! Keeps crashing every 10 to 15 seconds!
WHY DOES IT CRASH EVERY 5 MINUTES
Keeps crashing and my photo albums aren’t loading.
Will not load.  What garbage.
I recently updated ios and the Facebook app starts to crash all the time .. i barely can open it for 5 secs then it crashes .. i deleted the app and reinstall it .. it couldn’t help also .. so what should i do .. i can’t browse for 1 min !!
I tried logging back in to my account but it's not letting me. I tried resetting but nothing works. It's saying that I've been trying log in too much/putting in the code way to many times and that I have to wait. How long is the wait? A day? week?, month? , year? The codes don't work at all. I really want my profile back. It's the only way I'm able to connect with my family through there. Please! please help! I hate giving Facebook a 1 star but I have to if I'm not getting the correct service I need.
You guys are supposed to have some of the most talented designers and software engineers working for you, but somehow this app is appalling. Marketplace has been blocked for me, on mobile only, a problem that has followed me through two phones. You guys have been entirely unhelpful, and unsuccessful at solving the problem. And what dingus decided ads should play in the middle of videos? You guys couldn’t come up with a less irritating way to deliver ads? Plum sacks.
There are two things must be correct:  1- some of useful features had deleted and I don’t why ?!! As posting ads in the groups by just one click ( post ) by using the stored info for every ad . Just when i inter any group he he shows me my previous ads if i want to post here !! Now i have to write whole ad with all info from beginning!!!!!!!! So terrible!!!!! Or just using an option post in many places put many here in FB. Just 10 group them it stopped me ....!!!!! Option must be back  2- about crushing for every time i asking for join any group !!!!!!! 
Facebook has become the sewer for social media. It used to be great, back when you could actually see your friends status, instead of bs advertising and propaganda in the form of fake news.
In this new Facebook app version, Live Audio cannot be broadcast on Facebook. Only Live Video can be broadcast. Please fix this error soon.
The app keeps force closing especially when I click on a link. Also when you open a link in the app a bunch of ads pop up. You guys keep updating the app and nothing is changing or improving.
Facebook has created a system where we are only surrounded by people we agree with exclusively suppressing the sharing of ideas. Facebooks unfollow feature is a big part of it. Pretending to be friends with someone like that ever works out.
Why do I keep seeing the same things over and over in my feed? And why are there ads in the middle of videos? It’s like you’re trying to steer me away from my interests. I hate ads. Meh, I’ll probably just get rid of Facebook anyway.
As a 5c user, it's extremely irritating to find this "240 MB" app frequently using 600 MB or more of my meager storage space, with no means to delete history other than deleting the app and reinstalling every other week. The only thing on my phone using more space is the OS. Why no option to delete browsing history?  Apart from that... meh, its Facebook. About the same experience as on my laptop.
1 star cuz everybody hating on facebook
In the past Facebook used to have a separated tab for friend requests but now it all shows as a new notification which makes it very annoying and messy! The app it’s also slow and messy. I hate that it keeps moving things around
TOO MANY BUGs, GLITCHES, AND ISSUES
The newest update causes the app to crash with each use.
The app crashes every time it’s opened ever since the latest update. Facebook app is infamous for its instability, so crashing is nothing new.
All of these Snapchat-like new features are unnecessary and slow down the rest of the app\'s primary functions, and the app crashes pretty much every time I use it (yes, I\'ve tried turning the phone off and on again).  Not only are these new features confusing, but they  are also straight rip-offs from other social media apps and lack any sense of individuality.  I only utilize this app for school groups and work groups, so I try my best to remain discreet and private. However, the MESS that is Facebook’s settings menu is not only hard to navigate but does not explicitly state what information can be gathered from my mobile activity to either track me or shove unwanted ads into my face.  This is very concerning. A simple “We value your privacy!” is not sufficient nor truthful. 
Hey look can you guys help me with the Facebook Reset I need help to Change the Password I forgotten it and now I need it for Facebook or they will lock me out and just Please Help me Please your the only People that can help me please! 🙏🏾😔
This app just keeps getting worse and worse! I am constantly seeing posts from days ago and when I try and click on the most recent tab in the menu it says nothing posted! I’m in a group that does a lot of lives and the person doing the live can never see the comments no matter whether they swipe to the left or the right or whatever it is! Facebook fix your problems!!! And stop messing with the things that do work!!!!
After last update, it crashes every time I open it! My solution? No FB!!
Facebook keeps updating, and every time it does something gets worse. Now, my app crashes each time I try to scroll through news feed. Also, the censoring is out of control!
IPad Air with iOS II.2.2. Crashes after scrolling a few items in my news feed. I would probably be better just deleting it all together. 
Why are all my albums not showing up on the mobile app ---that are on the my Facebook website now???? Also is there not a way to keep my phone number- which is unlisted from changing back an forth from "friends" to "everyone" as i do not want "everyone" to know my unlisted phone number- 
Like every social media platform since AOL, ads start to ruin the social media experience. Like Facebook said they are a completely different company from when they first started. Now it’s about the bottom line and selling add space to foreign countries and company. Everyone’s data is being sold by them as I see it.
If you use Facebook this is a good app.  Usually reliable started crashing this morning ridiculously bad but seems to be ok now.  The main problem is, to report an app problem to Facebook you have to use the app... not real well thought out on that front
Y’all are crashing. And burning. Click bait links (your paychecks) turn to a return to the home screen. What gives?
All my albums are gone from my photo section! PLEASE FIX THIS!!!! I have my albums there for a reason!
Overall pretty good app a little useless, but I like the new Facebook marketplace idea except for the fact that it doesn’t show up on my app and I tried redownloading it and it still isn’t there
Every time I open the app it crashes
Why does this update keep crashing all the time? Please fix!
Please quit moving “Most Recent” feed!!
Marketplace is a nice tool and I appreciate it. However a new glitch has developed. When I go to mark something sold, I have only a few choices to mark and I can’t move forward without selecting one even if it’s not who I sold to. Bad data is soon coming...
After updating FB App to version 154 on my IPad 4 days ago 63 photo albums going back to 2008 disappeared even though they are still available on my iPhone, computer and when I open FB on iPad without the App. Also other friends who have IPads can see my albums from their devices. Even when I go to other friends’ sites I can only see a max of 21 albums corresponding to Featured Albums. I tried reinstalling the App and reporting the problem, but nothing. There is no tab in FB version 154 for IPad that references albums like on my phone where it says “all” and “featured”. I can only view the 21 featured albums and when I add another album, one of the 21 featured albums disappears. FB doesn’t answer requests for support.
Plz consider slow internet connection
I can't even get Facebook up, crashed after update! Freezes all the time!
I get it this a free app and it like to make money but no one can deny that the ads on videos has increased DRAMATICALLY. It’s awful and so annoying and there are so many other social media platforms that do their advertising way more inconspicuous. It’s like YouTube as well accept this is so constant and it even happen by interrupting you right in the middle of a freaking 30 second video!
With every update there comes lots of problems. Currently, I cannot view any recent stories. "no new stories" it won't even load anything. Can't watch videos, nothing loads. Facebook is losing its touch.
I can’t look at at anything. For some reason it is glitchy and keeps trying to load the “stories” even though I don’t want it to. It won’t let me do anything.
So all of a sudden “no stories to show” keeps popping up. Yes I have 4G LTE and WiFi. So it definitely it’s not my phone. YOU (Facebook creator(s)) need to fix this situation ASAP. As this moment I am not happy at all. And what is up with the ridiculous ads to every video?! Please fix that as well along with the crashes of every video. For no reason it slows down or just stops playing.
This app constantly has issues as of right now none of my news feeds will load. More times than not it will crash. It’s garbage
It only loads one thing on the app in IPad but on my phone ill get my whole feed. Its so frustrating. I updated the app hoping it would fix it but I use to be able to see at least 5 things but now its down to one. This is really getting frustrated.
I need to go back to the old one help
Facebook is starting crash every time I try to use it need a huge fix fast
Super glitchy on iPhone X after last update. Please fix and I will change my rating. Thank you
App crashes anytime I click on a link to take me to a news article or outside site.  Only started to happen with the latest update. I’m using iPhone 8 Plus and have submitted a bug report for them on this.  It’s frustrating because when it crashes, it restarts the newsfeed from the beginning instead of where you left off and you can’t find the article you wanted to read because it thinks you’ve already viewed it.
Deleted the app today after receiving the “feature” of chat-bubble style comment sections. It’s stupid and makes reading them a pain.
The app had been crashing since the last update. When clicking on a link to open a webpage, about half of the time Facebook just closes and the next thing you see is your home screen.
I updated to this newest version and it added photo tools but half of my albums I have made over the years are gone! Some of those pictures are of my children and friends and family that are no longer with us. Something has to be done about this. I have emailed and asked for help and haven’t got any response. If I could I would give this zero starts but it won’t let me!
I don't understand what is going on, I checked my Facebook and several family profiles and there are several picture albums missing!?! Please help!
Facebook is run by, edited by, developed by and monitored by ultra Left Liberals.  Speak your mind, backed by the truth, you’ll be banned and then flagged for future posts deemed as against their community standards, which by the way only pertains to what they refer to as the “Alt Right” otherwise known as Conservative thinkers.     They’ve gone so far as to disconnect the link to reply back to Facebook support and block the links to the reply’s with their explanations to people you have reported for “violations”. 
As I am reading the feed the app just takes forever to load so much so it is very frustrating to use. This needs to be corrected or I will have to stop using this app
I have never had my app crash as much as it has since this last update. Crashes and sends me back to phone home. Also if you are viewing Facebook from your web browser you shouldn’t have to use Facebook messenger to view inbox. App doesn’t have all features.
This thing is so bloated and unstable, that it crashes regularly. When it doesn’t crash, it allows the BS “you’re a winner“ crapware ads to take over, and all you could do to avoid them is close the app completely.   But Facebook wants you to stay in the app, so you can’t set it so that links take you to another browser – you have to view them within Facebook… which just crashes.  No wonder kids don’t mess with Facebook any more. 
Facebook doesn’t allow freedom of speech
I can upload only a few pictures at a time and some pictures won’t even upload
Newest update is terrible. Crashes every time I go to my recent newsfeed 🙄🙄
Hi. It seems that every update to the Facebook app is always increasing the size.
Awful app, crashes frequently, you can’t load comments or watch videos. It’s useless!
After the latest update, the app keeps crashing.
The latest update is totally useless, it keeps on Crash Boom Bang again and again. Please fix it immediately.
Since the last update it keeps closing when you open a news story. Videos keep playing in the back ground after you close them. Needs fixing.
I don’t know what FB did to the app but it is constantly crashing now!
The app is constantly getting crash and sometimes it will freeze really annoying
Some of my older albums have disappeared. Do not like the camera swipe. Everyday I am accidentally swiping it. It’s annoying.
App crashes repeatedly as soon as you open it. Albums (photos) just wiped from app, though appear on desktop view. Was fine till the recent update. Needs massive attention.
I agree  with the previous review.... 
I have never had an issue with FB crashing .... until now!!!
I don’t use Facebook a ton anyway, but the little bit I have used it so far today (my first day back on Facebook in about a year) it’s crashed about 12 times. It’s a pain. Whatever they’ve don’t to screw it up this bad, they need to undo.
So many lies and fake news are spread on this app. Completely toxic.
On the iPhone X, since the latest update, fb keeps crashing.... a lot
When's you're pushing the like button isn't working on ? Aren't they are being hacked
Omg FB!!! Enough with the ads! Seriously! With as many as you’ve been pushing of a certain kind, it’s starting to get offensive. Back off!
The definition of useless. It does what the website does except with a bunch of bugs and glitches such as getting stuck when opening any type of link.
when replying with a photo, the photo button does not work. sometimes it does, sometimes it does not.  Update 2 of review 
The app is crashing alot
This version keeps on crashing.. don’t know what the hell is wrong with u guys, although i’m using iphone 8plus and running the last update of IOS 11.2.2..  hope you could manage this prob. ASAP. 
Es un asco, ahora solo vez noticias de tus contactos y ya no de las páginas que te gustan. Se ha vuelto un asco y aburrido. Si podría ponerles 0 estrellas lo haría.
Constantly changing controls and features
App works fine on iPad Pro 10.5 but resolution is obviously not correct.
Why do you have to be biased, liberal idiots. Can you just provide a product (a better one than there is presently) and STOP SCREWING the people who you don’t agree with???
Anytime I attempt to do anything on facebook I just get a spinning icon and nothing loads. Facebook support is nonexistent as this issue has been ongoing for five days with no acknowledgement from Facebook staff.
Phone and app are up to date iOS 11. Been randomly closing for two days. 1-15-18
My photo albums disappeared for no reason..this is the only social media I’ve had problems with
After the latest update 1/2018 the app crashes... a lot. And I can’t see all of my photo albums.
After last update, keeps kicking me out of app. They need to fix. Won’t log back on till then.
The app keeps crashing. Can barely scroll or view videos.
I hate fb they removed my account over a name it’s my real account the real me. I just didn’t use my real name for safety purposes. this happened before like what happened to protect ur identity. I miss MySpace and xanga it was much more user friendly. At least on those sites u could change ur name to what u want, have background and music on ur wall. Like MySpace isn’t all that interesting that they somehow have control over your identity. They try to use legal documents which should be illegal actually to with hold ur photos n personal information. Like if can’t go to someone house and take something then u shouldn’t be able to remove ppl person information without their consent.
What’s with the repetitive, large updates? Doesn’t anybody there know what they’re doing? Fix something, “Oh, that wasn’t right,” and come back a few days later and try something else? All this updating means someone is clueless. Probably many someones. I don’t have enough space available for all these Facebook corrections, as they should be called. Get it right, people. Think about it for a month or so, beta test it somewhere, THEN release an update when you confirm it works.
Fb app is keep crashing not loading any newsfeed.
Facebook is not my go to place for keeping up with friends, not since they changed messenger. Messenger as it stands now is a pure annoyance feature . Also a lot of family and friends don’t use Facebook anymore so no point in checking what they’re doing and messenger was a way of staying in touch until it turned into the mess it is today. As for this update? Cold day in hell.
The latest update keeps crashing on the iPhone X, something went wrong during your latest release!
Please, translate the app into Ukrainian.
Why don’t they test out their app before pushing updates? I have an iPhone 7 and have no other issues. Facebook is lazy and cheap for not testing updates before pushing them to the users
Ever since update 2 days ago. Have even tried deleting and reinstalling. Please fix.
The app crashes constantly. Every time. No exceptions. Deleted the app and reinstalled. Shut down the iPad. Software up to date. ??? 
App constantly crashing, was locked out for a wile with no reason what so ever, 0 customer service.  Censorship of content based on liberal agenda
Used to be good then they made messenger it's own app to make room so they could make a Craigslist clone inside the app.
Newest release crashes display, app continues to run.
Ok❤️
After the last update the app in my iPad crashes when opening and when I try to scroll.
Hate Facebook now. All I see is a bunch of ads and posts from pages I follow.facebook has weeded our all the real stuff I want to see from my friends. They don’t even show up in my feeds anymore.  So sad that they want to control everything.  Kinda like this country.
Facebook has become nothing more than a fascist tool to try and stop our DULY ELECTED PRESIDENT AND CONSERVATIVE AMERICANS from voicing our opinions. If you are a Liberal or third world religion and post pictures of beheadings it is considered by them to be freedom of speech but if you are a conservative and say anything about Hillary Clinton or Democrats in general, you get shut down. You are only allowed freedom of speech on Facebook if you are a leftwingnut liberal or if you are one of the 16 new genders other than male or female that liberals have created in an effort to bring conservative Americans down. So sick of it. Switching over to twitter and Instagram!
Update: Set a way to default to most recent posts. I’m sick of seeing popular posts from days ago and things facebooks algorithms think I’ll enjoy and having to go through my settings every time to see most recent.   It refreshes way too much. Leave the app for three seconds? Refresh. Opened a link via Facebook? Refresh. I’ve had it refresh while scrolling my timeline.  Plus ads in the middle are a sure way to get me to skip a video. Put them at the beginning, I’ll suffer through them. Though video ads do nothing to compel me to consider a product, I am more apt to dislike the product by getting an add in the middle of a one minute video.  Thanks 
Apparently Ads in the newsfeed wasn’t enough...now we have to see spontaneous ads while watching videos also. Facebook when I want to find someone I don’t have as a friend, let me look them up in the search option. STOP TRYING TO CONSTANTLY SUGGEST PEOPLE YOU THINK I KNOW OR YOU THINK I WANT TO ADD. When I want to see stories, I’ll use snapchat...it’s completely annoying the fact that now I have to see an overdose of stories in WhatsApp, facebook and instagram (copycats)...Facebook is starting to get on my nerves! 😡
Facebook is happy to tell you the news AND how to feel about. Unfortunately, the news you get isn’t actually real or vetted. It’s just the news that supports zuckerberg’s beliefs. Uninstalling. I’ll find another way to stay in touch with friends and family.
My news feed has been down for 6 months on ever device I use. I have reported this 100x over these 6 months and not ONCE did I get an anwser. Only an automated message that says they can’t look into every issue. I’ve searched for a phone number which doesn’t exist!!!!!! I understand Facebook is free however please care about your customers!!!
Facebook keeps stopping and then closes with the new 11.2.2 IOS update.
The latest update on Facebook created glitches on its app. Since the latest update, photos aren’t loading entirely. Between the main newsfeed and profile timelines; the photos just don’t load. Pictures are blank, videos are ‘blank’ then eventually pop up/show up. It should be a smooth process seeing videos (preview) before starting on someone’s shared post. My own timeline/profile, photos aren’t showing up. Using it on a iPhone 8 device.  This is making Facebook a useless social media app; since I cannot see anything really. 
Facebook is crashing on my Iphone X.
Every time I open an email that says so and so liked or commented on my Facebook posting, I open it then it asks me if someone in San Antonio using windows 8 logged into my account earlier, did I do it yes or no?  I say no, then it wants my old password and new password twice!  ... happens every time I click on one of these emails.  But now I don’t remember my old password!!!!! So I cannot login to Facebook!!!
Never had a problem now I can’t login no matter what I try it won’t send me a code it’s been 2 days
I just went to look at my photo albums but i can’t find the rest of them... how do i pull the rest of them up??????
Crashing since last update 🤬
Update- So now you can’t edit posts anymore. Seriously? Why would Facebook take that feature away?  Meh, It's OK but I hate that you have to have several apps for Facebook and the comments in the latest release are hard to read. 
Please stop forcing me to look at marketplace posts. I don’t want to buy anybody’s cast-off garage sale reject garbage. If I wanted junk I’d go to a swap meet.  I also have absolutely no interest in posting to user stories. Thanks for adding an extra action for me to post something. I’ll never post to a user story out of spite, now. 
Please fix it’s highly annoying to have to force quit Facebook every time I leave a video
It would be great if the app didn’t refresh and reload every time I leave the app and come back. It used to keep my place, but not anymore. So if I’m reading something and leave the app and come back, it’s gone because the app refreshes every time I go back to it. Very frustrating
Maybe it’s my data, but I doubt it because I mainly use my high speed WiFi but when playing videos on Facebook, some videos play sound just fine while others have no sound at all. Quite annoying
What the heck Facebook. I’m really getting sick of the force close crashes. Happening on iPhone 5s a 6s Plus and 7 all tuning on iOS 11.2.1.
I don’t understand why you can’t post Live Photos on your news feed like that’s the only problem I have with it
This app crashes all the time. Within the last hour it has crashed at least 6 times. It’s complete trash. If I didn’t use it to talk to family in a different county, I’d ditch so fast. I’d give it negative 2 stars if that were possible
This app claims they care about privacy but they don’t at all, they let people bully you and fb doesn’t care at all.
I despise the new algorithms that Facebook has been using. In March 2017, I started noticing that I wasn’t always seeing updates from all of my friends, and pages. It’s only gotten worse since, because you only see the ones you’ve interacted with. Since you no longer see everyone, your circle becomes smaller, and smaller, and you miss out on important events, because Facebook only shows you the ones THEY allow you to see! So frustrated with what used to be a fun way to keep up with friends, and family! Go back to the way it was in the beginning, otherwise, people will start looking for other apps to connect with! Don’t even get me started on the amount of people that get hacked on this app! Fix this nonsense now!
Since the update it will not load properly or update correctly. Very disgusted
Would love to see the ability to close a live video stream... A misplaced swipe and you must kill the app as there’s no way to get rid of the stream. No amount of swiping, pinching or tapping closes the streaming video... Annoying to say the least... 
Facebook continues in its awesomeness
Keeps shutting down and going to home screen on my iphone 8 with ios 11.2.2. Tried deleting and reinstalling, still does it. Removed permanently.
All the albums dont show anymore in photos section.
I am trying to go through older photo albums and every one of them are gone. I sure as heck didn’t delete them and I want them back ASAP
It’s good but u need to fix a lot of  things
Getting very frustrated with Facebook and it wasn’t like this before now you guys have asked me about a week ago to confirm my identity for whatever stupid reason and I did just that and I got let back into my account and yesterday it happened AGAIN! Why should I have to do it again when I already have? I’m really getting frustrated and if I have to do this a third time I’m just deleting my account because this doesn’t make any sense at all
They’re asking me for my phone number to verify my account. I entered my phone number. Every time I enter the verification code, it shows that I should try again in some time and now I cannot access my account.
شركة فاشلة هدفها الاول والأخير المال
Crashing after a few minutes of use. Please fix.
This is is really getting me mad. I would be watching a video on Facebook and then go off the app for like 2 minuets to reply to a text. Then when i go back on the app it restarts and the video i was watching gets lost. Fix it!
Why is it that with the new update for iPhone, I am unable to ask Siri to update my status?
Nobody cares about the marketplace and the video search. Why is it on the bottom? All we care about is the newsfeed and notifications. Miss the original fb app.
super slow i hate it
Fabulous. 😉😍😇🙏💗✌🏼
GET RID OF THE FREAKING ADDS THAT PLAY IN THE MIDDLE OF VIDEOS, AT LEAST YOUTUBE GIVES YOU TJE OPTION TO SKIP!!! 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
Newly downloaded update constantly crashes on my iPhone 7. GOOD JOB!
So there was an update a day or so ago, and ever since then when I try to do ‘recent’ to show me the new posts, fb shuts down and puts at my home screen. I’ve tried it a few times now and the same thing happens. Hopefully the next update will fix it...
Facebook's senior management has shown little leadership starting at the top with Zuckerberg. I despise the fact that Facebook has been incapable of blocking fake Russian propaganda
The app isn’t showing my albums. The website shows them but the app does not and it’s very annoying when Im trying to find a picture for my phone
Shows a new notification but it’s old ones and then it doesn’t show the refresh.
Facebook App keeps shutting down wile I’m scrolling down
I can't even watch a emotional video without having to see those annoying ads, I can't even watch a 15 sec video.
Are you going to fix this constant crashing or what?!?!?
After the most recent update, when I select “most recent”, the app crashes. This needs to be fixed.
I was permanently disabled from Facebook because of (2) reports of two products I’ve listed for sale long time ago in Marketplace and (1) Background song that was playing on the background on a Facebook Live video, Sony reported and for those (3) things Facebook decided to disable my account for an indefinite time. They done respond to my emails, not give me any solution. I have already wrote and email to the “affected parties” as long as the Facebook support centers. This is just not a right and professional way a company like Facebook should treat its customers, because we are their product and we should not be trates as criminals “punished” for something others report sometimes with knowledge and sometimes just for ignorance. I agree that Facebook should punished you for a period of time to prevent you from posting, selling stuff in Marketplace (in my case), but NOT disabling your account indefinitely or permanently. That is RELEGATE YOU FROM USING A WORLDWIDE SOCIAL MEDIA. “BLOCKING YOU” from a human right just for not compiling with their more than two pages long laws and policies “that 99.9% of Facebook users don’t read”.  I’ve seen Ana have proofs of people sharing guns, nudity, groups for pornography, inappropriate language, etc and accounts still open. Facebook, you are treating me and thousands of people that you’ve disabled our accounts just for stupid things that can have a solution.  And you take this actions because you “at this moment” don’t have any competition.  I am an entrepreneur, and for the last 3 years I used Facebook to share valuable information regarding leadership, personal development, and entrepreneurship. And Facebook, you have taken away from me the right to keep doing this and impact positively as many people a possible.
A la verdad que sin el face la vida de las personas sería distintas
The new update crashes on iPhone 6s after about 2 minutes. Please fix
By the time I can say face not even facebook the app force closes on me
Keeps crashing after latest update
If I swipe backward to get to my newsfeed and end up in Facebook live one more time, I’ll scream. It’s soooo annoying!!!!
Thought iPhone apps were supposed to be secure. But this app keeps on kicking me out just because I liked a page that is on my feed! Then tells me that my account has been compromised and I need to change my password. I have changed my password for the 9th time now. I should have bought a Samsung phone if its app is just the same!
The latest update, which happened for me 2 days ago, randomly shuts my app down and closes it. Super freaking obnoxious.
The latest update keeps crashing after being on Facebook for 20-30 seconds.
Several People I have blocked via Facebook still can see if I’m online or not!! WTH!! Also, as an iPhone user, not being able to block anyone at all from messenger is ridiculous! I think if I block them that should mean completely block them!
Since last update it is booting me out of FB constantly!
App crashes within five minutes of opening for the past couple of days. I've rebooted phone, uninstalled and reinstalled and the problem still persists.
Since the most recent update, app keeps freezing and will stop working.  I would have to force the app to close before it will work again.
What’s going on with Facebook? It keeps crashing when browsing on it. I deleted it and downloaded it again but still has the sane problem. !!!!???????????😳😳😳
Ever since the latest update, for some reason whenever I upload new photo albums, older albums just seem to disappear from the Facebook app. They still show up when I use the desktop version online on my laptop but they don’t show up on my app. Is anyone else experiencing this or is it just me?
Half of my photo albums are unavailable for viewing on the iPhone and iPad app. My albums are available only on my desktop or web view of the I products.i am very disappointed!
I has been using Facebook for many years, I have a lot of pictures that I posted into this social media app and never have any problems at all. But now a couple minutes ago, I went to check on my brother’s wedding album I found out that it’s not there anymore, not one album but many albums is disappeared from my both account. WHAT IS GOING ON, FACEBOOK? I LOST MANY PICTURE ALBUMS WITHOUT ANY NOTIFICATION OR ALERTING AT ALL ? THOSE ALBUMS HOLD UP A LOT OF MY MEMORIES AND IT’S GONE ?  BRING BACK MY ALBUM PICTURES!!! I’M REALLY PISS. 
After the latest update the Facebook app keeps crashing on my iPhone X. It was fine before the update. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app and restarting my phone but neither has helped. It still keeps crashing.
Again, Facebook I update and now I can’t read my newsfeed without the app crashing.  Your app still makes it a pain to just get the most recent from my friends and family. Why isn’t that the default again? You say you want people to interact on your platform but your app is making it hard to respond to the posts which actually matter, even if it isn’t crashing.
I regret updating the Facebook! It crashes repeatedly
The new ads algorithm latterly means thy I will see a sponsored or suggested post every five posts, it’s too predictable  and  ruins the experience.
I like to use the Facebook app but I can’t search for specific pages and people not even not the sites itself!! Every time I type in the search box, results show up but not in pages and people!!! Can you please fix this so I can click on pages and not just search results?! Thank you!  Bryce 
My Facebook was hacked and (I assume) erased.  They changed my language to Arabic and made it extremely difficult to change it back so I could understand it to report it.      I have contacted Facebook, (through their “reporting” process) multiple times and have not heard anything from them.  I finally wrote them a last time to ask them to ensure that my account was erased so that no one can use it.      Until they offer proper customer service, I am done with Facebook. 
This latest version keeps crashing for no reason
This latest version crashes constantly
Continuously crashing for no reason, if I could give 0 stars, I would.
Facebook will not let me login to my account without giving my old email that I don't know this password too I need help
Maybe someday Facebook will actually learn how to write code and perform QA testing.  It just updated and it crashes constantly.  Facebook needs to learn wth it is doing
I scroll through my newsfeed and only see about 10 posts before I reach the bottom. Most of the time I get the little dot that signals the end but sometimes that little wheel pops up and spins. It taunts me with the idea of more things to view so I sit and wait. Never does anything show up. Then there are times that neither the dot nor the wheel show up. Just the bottom of the 10 posts. It’s so useful for keeping up with family and friends.... FIX IT.
Many times entering the “most recent” news feed the app shut off. Sometimes right away, others after a few articles. This problem started right after the last update. Real annoying.
These stupid ad while watching a video has made me not even want to use Facebook anymore.
I used to use this app frequently, but you just made it easier not to be on Facebook. The latest update had made the font way to small for aging eyes. Way to go  Facebook! If you are aiming to have just the younger folks use your app, you may have just succeeded.  *UPDATE 1/2018 The latest “improvement “ causes the app to crash repeatedly.  Plus - my newsfeed is not new. It keeps refreshing to Top Posts when I want to view Most Recent. I do not want to view the same posts over and over!! 
Facebook has loads of issues. They delete pro-humanity content yet leave racism, homophobia & dehumanizing content remains. It’s absurd. Plus the fact they own Instagram now and both don’t have chronological order anymore. I now see posts from 5 days ago. It’s unfair to us as user who want to escape consumerism we encounter every day and yet small businesses have to pay to be seen. The ads are also pathetic considering I already follow so many businesses on Instagram. It’s so unnecessary. As for the photo issue, back in 2014 or 2016 I remember you couldn’t pull up photos that you didn’t scroll through from the first photo in the album. Thankfully that has been solved. The issue now is that my Facebook won’t let me view my own albums past late 2016. I’ve been on Facebook since 2009. I reported the issue and I’m certain I’m not the only one dealing with this.
I have an account that has been working perfectly fine, but one day that all changed. It's. ow saying that session is timed out and wants and authentication code that won't send to me. No matter what I do, that email will NOT send to me. I finally got an email, but then when I typed it in, it wanted another email other than that. I don't know what you are up to, but I need my account and this is effecting my messenger app as well. FIX THIS RIGHT NOW OR I WILL SUE YOU!!!!!!!!!
Facebook keeps crashing when I am in the most recent shortcut. When I scroll down to the same place, it then crashes on my iPad 5..
I am highly upset. I recently made a post and it went viral with lots of shares. They decided to deactivate my page and now I cannot long into my messenger, neither my fb page and I’ve lost all my messages. I am very upset about this. I’ve been waiting apr.2 days and counting for them to review my ID. Please resolve this issue. Thank you.
With a site so big glitches are expected, but I’m tired of going to most recent to see what my friends actually post just to see the same 3 friends’ posts. Typically I see 4 “new” posts (by New I mean ones I have yet to see not recent) then it shows me the highlights of my news feed or what people posted 3 weeks ago that I have yet to see. I have 60 or so friends, 10 don’t really use it, but I find myself only seeing posts from people I regularly talk to in messenger and that’s it. If I don’t talk to them in messenger Facebook doesn’t let me see their posts. I’ve even ensured I’m following them.   The next thing is the ads. It’s great Facebook is free and directs people to products they might enjoy, but when I say something is irrelevant why is it continuously shown? “Want some weight loss pills?” Nope I’m ok with being obese thanks. “How about diapers for a baby even though you don’t have one?” Nope. “Oh we noticed you enjoyed that video about makeup maybe you have acne.” Even if I did I wouldn’t care. Some of the ads are depressing, my husband and I can’t have children yet I’m constantly berated by ads about babies, even after I say hide ad, irrelevant, don’t show this again, or hide ads like this. It’s like showing an old person an ad for a funeral home. Can we please at least listen when people say “DON’T SHOW THIS!” 
can’t download the newest version on my iPhone 5s
I used to have it. If you have anyone in your circle that has a kid, it becomes very annoying. People post about there newborn 30 times a day, or food they made off of pintrest. And the memes that you see over, and over again. I havent had facebook in about 3 years. I just got sick of the same thing repetitively on my timeline.
No views on marketplace its stuck on 1 or 0. Please fix it!!!
iPad app keeps shutting down since newest update.. Choose “most recent”, page down 2 or 3 times and the app dies.. 
I do not want an algorithm to decide what I see on my news feeds. I'm tired of seeing the same few people's statuses and activity on my news feed. If I click on 'most recent' I want to see ALL of my friends' 'most recent' activity. Not just a select few.
It says I’m “blocked” from liking things AGAIN and it now won’t let me log in
This new version crashes when checking new feed!!! Any help? Or please repair it!!! Does it happen to others too?
This app updated yesterday and now it freezes and closes unexpectedly.
I signed up three times, I was able to deactivate one. The other two I cannot deactivate due to not remembering my passwords. Would you be so kind to take care of this for me. This is only temporary. Thank you
After the update the Facebook App crashes whenever I open it because of this I don’t have to listen to my relatives complain it probably should work but I’m gonna give it one star for saving me from my relatives
Can’t scroll through the news feed without the app continually closing. News feed doesn’t always show the most recent posts.
Crashes, crashes, crashes.  Crashes several times a day since latest update
Please make your settings as easy as Instagram's and make Facebook much faster... Regards :) 
Facebook is nothing but garbage now. All the posts are nothing I want to see. But it is a good way to connect, so you do not have many options.
I recently just noticed that when using the mobile device I can’t access all my photo albums. It makes it difficult to search for photos I have previously uploaded. Please fix!!
Dear Facebook. I cannot get into market place please help I don’t want to have videos anymore I want to have the market place
The newest update Is super unstable. It keeps crashing.
After the last update my facebook app started to crash in my iPhone 7 on ios 11.2.2, while I am browsing the news feed. Please fix this issue, because it is really annoying.
Latest update causes FB to crash for no reason
Before I just updated, I hated how swiping to the left to go back was sensitive at times and would be annoying. Now it’s super sensitive and I can’t even scroll down the pages anymore! Literally can’t even go down a centimeter before it takes me back to the main feed!!!
Good app. Just need to add split view on the iPad Pro. Thank you.
Last update needs work.  iPad keeps throwing me out when I refresh Most Recent.  Unable to scroll down!!!
I like it when it works. Most the time it just freezes my screen, forcing me to hard restart my phone. Very frustrating.
I’m sick of you Facebook. You continually make it harder and harder to look at recent posts. ‘Most Recent Posts’ are beyond scattered. Get your sh*t together Facebook.
Can only get a few posts and new garbage from Facebook pushing videos, what’s local, etc. can not scroll back through posts. Don’t think the Jan ‘18 update was tested very well.
Facebook was great in the beginning to connect with friends and family who lived out of town. Now the app is filled with fake accounts, spammy comments to go to fake movie sites, people trying to peddle their MLM crap and useless ads that pop up in my newsfeed that I have no interest in.  If you’re going to take all my account activity, you should at least get my ads right!  Facebook has also done a TERRIBLE job of removing fake accounts, spam comments, and businesses as a personal page. Will be deleting the app and finding another way to keep up with friends. 
The app keeps crashing since yesterdays update.
Tired as hell of the damned screen sliding the hell over and opening camera. If i want to post a damned photo I’ll click the post button. Hate this feature.
I have a 6+. If I watch Facebook videos while charging the phone, it repeatedly reboots when the charge gets to 100%. When I unplug it doesn’t reboot any more. Very frustrating.
My parents have been loyal to Facebook so I’m here to say that Facebook is good fam.😂
Crash’s every time I use it.
I used to like it, but now I don’t because, there are a lot problems on my country.
After this latest update, the app randomly crashes and closes on iPad Air 2
The app is so so slow and crushes a lot in the story option.
I’ve tried to sign up a few times this month but each time I do my account gets disabled within a few hours. Which is frustrating because I spent hours setting things up the way I want just to get locked out. It asks me to provide a selfie, which I do, then my account gets completely disabled! I submit an appeal via the online form provided and upload several government IDs. Today my account was turned back on for a few minutes but then it locked me out again asking for yet another selfie. I’ve read a lot of articles and blogs about many users having the same issue of being repeatedly locked out, asked to provide selfies, IDs, and then being disabled. ***There’s something seriously flawed with Facebook‘s automated security algorithms*** and they make it impossible to talk to an actual human employee. I’m literally just trying to sign up for an account. I need one for work. It’s a shame that Facebook controls how connected we are with the world. They have a complete monopoly and are now making it very difficult for people to join and keep their accounts.
Use Facebook on the Safari Internet browsing app. It's so much better to use Facebook that way, you can't go wrong.
Does facebook always take forever to evaluate your picture? Because mine is. So now I can’t even log in. This app is a waste of time, don’t even try it.
The app keeps crashing whenever I try to scroll down my newsfeed since version 154 was installed. Please fix it.
Thanks to the new stupidity I can’t see all my photo albums. Not cool. 😡🤬 I’m actually pretty livid about not being able to get to my son’s baby pictures on my Facebook.
The latest update for some reason keeps booting me out every time I try to read a post 😐and can we get rid of all these ads, I’m tired of “the wish app” popping out all the time!  Also I would like to comment and participate in a public group but hate it that my friends can see what I comment, they don’t care for this specific group and it gets annoying having to explain to them that I like this subject/group
So many ads that play fine and annoying but regular videos keep buffering and very slow need to fix it quit worrying about making money and care about yourself and worry about keeping people here
Crashes on iPhone and iPad.
We need a faster way to delete messages. Takes way too long to go through my inbox.
I like the app in principle but in practice the thing is slowing down and crashes a ton.
My app has shut down 2 times in the last 5 minutes. 😫 what’s going on?
Since updating, the app keeps crashing and exiting out. Please fix!
Since sometime last night, my app keeps telling me that I have three notifications for every single notification I have.
What platform blocks someone from liking or reacting to anyone's post simply because I "shared or liked too many posts in a short amount of time?" That has never happened. If MySpace were to make a great comeback, that'd be great and I'd be off Facebook for good. I hate it.
Bring back the freaking old look! I don’t want my comments in weird bubbles and everything looks way different!!
Version 154 keeps crashing on my iPhone 8 Plus running iOS 11.2.2.
The latest update has caused several of my photo albums to go missing.
Why isn’t there the choice of deleting a post anymore ????? Stop notifications doesn’t work. 
Every time I swipe/scroll down on my iPad, the app fails and sends me to home screen.
Ever since the upgrade it did yesterday, I can’t see my albums more than a year older. After all the time it takes to upload!! Please fix!
Keeps crashing since the new update!
I just updated my iphone to iOS 11.2.2 and now my Facebook keep crashing! Constantly crashing. It is annoying!
Version 154.0 crashes every I open it on iOS 11.2.2.
Since the latest update, I can’t open my comments. The app doesn’t let you see your whole feed.  It only lets you see the same people. If I want to see my whole feed I have to not use the app. You would think with so many followers it would be a more efficient app
iPad Pro running latest os...keeps crashing...
About ready to delete app and use web browser version.
Crashes when scrolling through timeline. Super annoying, because then you have to figure out where you left off when you reopen it.  Not sure if last update caused it, but it’s been happening for the last couple days.
Ever since this last update my app crashes every time I load. It worked fine before that.
Too many ads. That’s all I see now a days and I can’t stand it
Since the new update the app is crashing constantly.
Why don’t I have access to Facebook market?
Great app!
Every time I watch a video it always lags and pauses. No matter who’s WiFi I am on or cellular connection. It’s been doing this for weeks and it’s getting old!
I use both apple and android systems. I have had more trouble with the apple version than android. I can’t even find the market place on my iPad. When I try to get support or contact someone about why I can’t find it, there is no way to get support. If I’m on my iPad, I have to go on safari and sign in to do anything other than look and post on Facebook. I don’t have this trouble with android.
It’s lagging nonstop on Facebook groups I’m in taking over 2 minutes to load and doesn’t load even at all fix it
The current version of the app crashes when loading Most Recent view.
Crashes every minute since the new update. Can’t even use it.
ফেসবুক এখন যেন বানিজ্যিক বিজ্ঞাপনের আখরা।  পরিচিত জনদের পোস্ট চোখেই আর পরে না। এভাবে আর বেশিদিন থাকলে ফেসবুক আনস্টল করতে বাধ্য হবো।   দয়া করে এর পরিবর্তন করুন। 
It happened before and was fixed.. here we are again, I’m not able to edit anything I post.. please fix!
The comments underneath posts now look like text messages and it looks very messy
Ever since you created the Explore Feed, I have not been able to access it on my iPad. Update after update, uninstall and reinstall, I still have no Explore Feed. There is no shortcut to it in the menu. There is no icon for it at the bottom of the screen. It’s just not there. This means I have no access to news, pages and groups that I chose to follow.
As of this morning, when sorting by recent post the application crashes. I just want to see recent posts not post that I already saw earlier in the week.
It adds angst to my life. The hatred and fretting from news. The drabness of people's lives.  I only want the closest ftiends with me.
Facebook is nothing but people sharing unoriginal videos now. They also have started putting ads in middle of videos for you to waste more of you life with this app.
Just got a new update and every time I scroll down it crashes. Thought it was supposed to be a bug fix. Looks like it introduced more bugs. 
This is awesome
I can’t see over half my albums but they’re showing up when others look! Why can’t I see my own albums?
Facebook was a great development, however I am not happy with all the updates. I’m very addicted to it, but due to the issues I have with it, I regretfully leave it as 2 stars. Also, why is it every time there is an update, half of my stuff disappears. I’m missing photo albums now. Request for this to be fixed ASAP please.
Latest application version crashes frequently on iOS 11.2.2.
There’s been a new development that i absolutely loath; my husband and myself have gone into our notifications to realize we were notified of a page we have never heard of before. Turns out, people are allowed to pay for advertising to clog our notifications and not just our newsfeed and messenger. Seriously? I understand that money is awesome, by why does everyone else have to sit through adds we don’t care about just to connect to familiars? Pro tip; most folks don’t like adds that even pertain to them. We just scroll right passed it. Not once have i seen an add and went “whoa i should really buy that” literally has an adverse effect.
New update is crashing like a sumbitch!!! Can’t even scroll down 1/4 of my time line or anything without it cutting off!!
I hate Facebook it needs more action and how do I delete it off my phone uhhhhhh
I have come to hate this Facebook feature, “People You May Know”. The massive presumption by Zuckerberg is never so glaring; contriving that one might or should “know” anyone in that trivialized Facebook devaluation of the concept of “friend” is absurdity itself.  That the so-called recommendations are anything but, at best, arbitrary is reflected by the usually shady looking characters (well, scumbags actually, truth be known, is my first reaction on seeing them, a consistently motley bunch of weirdos, aspiring terrorists, pimps, “come hither” dating fraud babes, scammers, hucksters and mountebanks of every ethnicity & nationality under the sun. So . . . Why can’t one turn the proverbial channel? Better, why can’t I turn it off? I want this feature gone.
Another update and more crashes than ever. Unstable and aggravating.
I downloaded the new update this evening (1/12/18) and now the app won't stay open. Crashes after 1-2 minutes.
I can’t comment and see what I am typing. It goes so high on the screen when the keyboard opens that words cannot be seen. Please fix this awkward typing
Where the hell did my old photo albums go. This is BS.
Tried to scroll through my feed. Two crashes in less than a minute. I'm done.
Too many ads if they were spread out it wouldn’t be so bad but we Getty inundated and frankly it’s unappreciated. It was also fine when it said post now we have this little arrow and nobody explained it until all of a sudden you just figured it out but I don’t like it. 
Yes there are some problems but nothing horrific.  I know they are working on the problem with the Russian interference. To the person who is crashing regularly that sounds like a your equipment problem and not Facebooks problem. I never have. Problem with crashing. 
Can Facebook please release a paid ad-free option. Like YouTube Red, am ready to pay to get rid of these ads.. there are more of them than actual feed from my network.
Absolutely destroyed the fb marketplace. It hides prices till you click on an item then when you’re not interested you’re bombarded by recommendations and alerts for the item because you clicked it just to see what the price was. Now it’s a spam feed of stores and garbage discount stuff. And rentals... RENTALS! I OWN MY HOUSE! STOP SHOWING ME RENTALS!!! it’s useless I’ll use craigslist, nextdoor and others from now on.
Still wish I could give no stars. I hate the ads y’all are putting on videos, by the time an ad has finished playing, I have lost interest. I will always say I hate seeing the ad in the option so it will cut off. It’s s lot of work, but it’s worth it because the ads are stupid. 
This weeks update....app totally shuts down when clicking on most recent posts! Bad! Please fix ASAP!
Ad
Keeps crashing!
Since the update today (1/12/18), the app is constantly crashing on my iPad.
First of all there are so many ads. It just doesn’t end. Secondly with the iPhone X the time and the battery right next to the notch will shift off the screen. So the time will be cut off. Lastly it keeps crashing over and over again.
Now it crashes when I open it. And the ads are annoying too.
Too many ads. Waste of time
Download update this morning.  Now app crashes instantly whenever I click on it.   Epic fail. 
App never loads the feed for whatever reason and cannot load business pages I own either. I will stick to safari on my phone for Facebook
Whenever I go to Most Recent, this new version crashes. It's like they don't want us to use Most Recent, but would prefer that we all behave like teenagers and go to "Most Popular."
Still don’t have the new backgrounds.  And getting tired of all the ads
After most recent update, the app keeps crashing on iPhone X even after uninstalling / reinstalling.
why is this app almost a 250mb download? yikes.
Whenever last update was, it has ruined this app! Notifications freeze, videos play automatically and take FOREVER to load. A one min vid will take 3-4 min to load and load and load. I hate this, was fine before stop screwing with it! Going back to web site. Update 1/17 things got better but, still seeing posts from 4 days previous first, really? Cant find anywhere to fix   Just came back to app after 6 months, all ok but.....Good god AGAIN? 1/11/18 update is AWFUL!! Comments in gray boxes, new font, ppl ive never seen filling my feed. If you need to fix speed, bugs whatever fine leave the format ALONE! 
I absolutely hate the fact that my timeline is so screwed up.  Seeing posts from several weeks ago and I’ll end up seeing posts from today a couple of weeks later.  This is not about the app.  I just hate the way timeline  has become  😡 The app is cool. Just wish I didn’t need to update so often 
Crash. Crash. Crash. Crash. Oh and, why can’t MOST RECENT really be most recent, in order ALL posts?
لماذا لا يوجد تطبيق فيسبوك باللغه العربيه  الى متى يتوجب علينا الأنتظار لأضافة هذه اللغة   Why is there no Facebook application in Arabic How long should we wait to add this language? 
bella 9613, get a life and grow up. OBVIOUSLY this is why its called facebook! because everyone and anyone can do whatever they want over social media regardless!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! keep your drama and neggative feedback to yourself if you hate facbook soo much to bash on it , the solution is simple! ERASE IT & move on! facebook is global. this is comming from a facebook creator. we commit to making facebook the best for everyone.  how about you focus on an actual social life & deal with it.. i just waisted 30 minutes of work waisting my time on you.
Crashing nonstop with recent update
The help from Facebook is very poor!  I need assistance with my page and I cannot find anyone to contact.
When it first started I thought it was great.  I had hundreds of friends.  But people post only a cleansed version of themselves.  It really is Fakebook.  Some of the guys I went to college with are the funniest people I know.  And they still are -in person.  But you’d never know it on FB.  I grew tired of posts that said, “I woke up this morning, ran 27 miles, ate a vegan breakfast, made 3 million dollars before 10 am, etc., etc.”. The extreme political views and unnecessary comments that people make are a joke.  I’ve culled my “friends” down considerably.  Also, I don’t see many posts and many of my posts are not seen.  Facebook has informed me that I need to get more friends in order to see all posts.  ???  I didn’t know that there was a quota on Facebook.....  and one other thing:  I deleted many posts, but Facebook retains EVERYTHING you put on it.  There is no such thing as “deletion” on Facebook.
You need to figure out why Facebook crashes so much. It's really frustrating! Especially when u are into something and then CRASH!!! Please figure this big issue out!
The app doesn’t work well on my 12 inches iPad Pro.
Just downloaded the latest update today now Facebook just crashes good job!
Perché non ho più il marketplace sul mio Facebook?mi serviva per lavorare Grazie urgente 
Constantly crashes and now it isn’t working without WiFi. All my other apps work with data but this one. Horrible app. I’m deleting it, they never listen to complaints to make it better
Every third post in news feed is a paid Ad now or some Sponsor.  Too much. 
The newest version as of 1/12/2018 crashes on my iPhone constantly.
“When you do something right, people won’t think you’ve done anything at all.” I re-downloaded the app, and the glitches have multiplied. Stuff doesn’t load or refresh randomly more often after the new update as well. Less trying to become other apps and more sticking to what makes Facebook unique.
For awhile there was a Reader View available in you app and I liked it. Since you removed it I don't use anymore this app. Too much ads and different fonts and so on I don't like.  Did you do it to get more money from the ads? Retarded... 
I don’t know what happens with Facebook but every time I do an update my album of photo keep disappearing, I need my photo back , and when I tried to contact you I never get an answer back , please help .
I stopped using Facebook due to those annoying video ads.  Some of my friends and family doing  the same.  Facebook will be the new Myspace.
All it does is crash. Happens on two different iPhone 7s. Very disappointing.
Once again new update today and now app crashes all the time and closes out. Seems like y’all can never get it right 😑. If I could give y’all no stars I would.  I’m over it 👋🏾 Facebook app.
What’s up with all the ads now? I understand if I had clicked a ‘like’ button for them to appear, but now there are many I have not clicked on!! Is there a way to have Facebook without the ads? I have to scroll so much now to see relevant friends and such - STOP ALL THE ADS!!
So many ads and the time it takes for any video to buffer takes longer than it does for me to go to YouTube, find the video, watch it, and watch four to five more, all standing in the same spot. Super slow with everything. And why can’t there be a way to select chronological order and have it stay that way? You have to reselect it every time.
Just did the update today and the app keeps crashing. Please fix.
Notifications are no longer working
Since latest update on January 12, the most recent news under my favorites crashes on my iPhone. Please fix this problem.
Latest update makes it so I can’t tag people in comments. I’m using iPhone X and whenever I go to comment it brings up my keyboard but doesn’t show me what I’m typing or the screen of people to select to tag. Overall very frustrating.
Please fix the crashing issue.
After installing this new update, Facebook now crashes frequently.
After update app opens & after I scroll it crashes...
New update constantly crashes after being open for about 90 seconds. 😡 Also, too many sponsored "posts" and too many stories on my newsfeed from my friends' activities (comments they make on posts, posts they like, and posts they share). Wish there was a way to pay to have ads removed!!
Why the hell did you take away the option to edit the profile picture thumbnail. I don’t want to crop out the picture to be a square. We use to be able to upload the full picture and just edit the thumbnail. Stupid to take away that option. Only way to do that is with a computer, and lots of people don’t have computers anymore, just mobile devices/tablets. Way to go Facebook.
I have more than a year trying to unsubscribe  one two of my other account on Face.  I only want one account. The one you always show me is not the one I want.  How can I delete my account I m not using?  Please tell me   Roselia Luongo de Katz. 
The latest update for the Facebook mobile app is causing the app to crash upon launching.  It would is currently unusable for me.
The newest update for the iPad shuts constantly shuts down by itself. Basically worthless.
Updated this morning on the iPhone and now Facebook disapperad after 2 minutes.
The only thing I will use this garbage app for is marketplace but that doesn’t even work
Facebook is trying to be too much. It feels clunky and bloated and slow.
Ads before trying to watch something, ads in the middle of watching something. FB used to be fun now it’s like trying to muddle through ads you never asked for.
زفت زفت زفت 👎👎
The app is good. It connects people. It’s annoying every and any video has an ad in the middle of it. It’s pathetic. Find other ways to make income that aren’t as annoying and evasive.
I have a few friends set to notify when they post. That function rarely works. Yesterday I posted something tagging a friend and they weren’t notified of the post. I’ve reported this twice and just received the canned reply of “thank you...”
I will keep repeating this for as long as it takes. This is stupid. 11/18/17  12/2/17 - no background updates.  12/14/17 - nope. Still the same.  1-12-18 - I’m pretty sure I am the last person on the planet to get the new backgrounds. My daughter, in the same house as me, has them. What’s the deal, Facebook? 
Get rid of Marketplace listings, default feed setting needs to be Most Recent!
I'm tired of all the hateful and misleading crap showing up on FB.
Your Facebook application after the update does not work well
Instagram is a new app and its best and the facebook was for 2 years ago
The perfect app for chat with other people around the world
Use to be a good, but I think it started going too far when they started interrupting videos with ads
Since the newest update on 1/12/18 the app keeps crashing
I was happy with the performance of the app and that it was fast probably not laggy at all (didn’t notice any lags) but when i watch FB videos it kills the battery very fast
تطبيق رائع ومفيد اشكركم عليه مع التمنيات بالنجاح الدائم
Updated my FB just now but then my old albums are not showing!
It’s a stupid social media app, that has too many ads, and too much crap that no body cares about. They also make you reset your password after you update it, so beware.
I have updated my phone and Facebook app and I still haven't received the new things like everyone else why is that
Many crashes and issues.
My Facebook account was hacked back in October and I have done everything that was asked of me yet the person who hacked my account is still on my account pretending to be me lying to my friends and family!!! I have even gotten a new email and still can’t get back on! But the HACKER is on my Facebook account every day!!  Why can’t something be done about this??? 
It’s not working for me everytime I press a video the app restarts it happens everytime for a month and it still happens
Good enough
Please start telling us what you’re updating in every update instead of a scripted memo. Be transparent even if it’s tech jargon. Please!
Dear Facebook   I noticed that you added Ads to some of the videos on you website. That is fine we will watch your Ads as you watch your user numbers drop as you do a face plant like a famous social media sight call MySpace did. Continue to be greedy and use my data to watch Ad videos. I’ll just stop using Facebook all together. Do the math from what you make from showing the sponsored posts to me not seeing any at all. 
Stop messing with who’s posts I can see. Just because I don’t comment on somebody’s post doesn’t mean that I don’t want to see their posts! All I see is classifieds on my newsfeed anymore and it’s making me mad enough, that I’ve been thinking about quitting Facebook completely!
List of “Friends” is available on this app but NOT the list of “Likes.”  Have to sign in on a browser, in my case Safari.
#1 website in America!!
I don't like that when am scrolling down or up the app thinks I want to use the picture filters that you can use by sliding from left on my iPhone. I have to upgrade almost every month or so too.
I feel like the UI needs to be updated for this app. It feels dated and “out of place.”  The app needs to be re arranged for better organization of the tabs.
Too much annoying add and there is still no watch supporting!!
Man I hate Facebook. It’s a worthless app that can’t figure out how to make money except to spy on people.
I was okay with the ads showing up in my feed, my feed is filled with “liked” pages more than real people anyway. But, allowing for the addition of ads during a video is frustrating. I don’t care enough to keep watching after the ad starts. I’ll be spending less time of Facebook now, because ads interrupt the one thing I liked about having the feed available.
Why do you keep changing things that were good such as the events going to the Calendar on Iphone?? I’m so frustrated!!
Can you leave the market place down as an icon. This update removed it again.
Policies are selfishly ambiguous.
I just did the Last Facebook update now it crashes every 10 seconds.
The internal web browser on the Facebook app can get infected with adware! I would post an image but the review will not let me. I reported this to Facebook with no responds.
Best app ever 💋✌🏼️♥️✨
YOU WILL DIE  Gardner, Renn 
Implementing adds in the middle of videos is like raising rent... a lot... I don’t like it. Bad decisions.
The app keeps on crashing for no reason!Safari is now the only way to access facebook which is annoying !
It’s super frustrating when I’m trying to scroll through my feed. Holding the phone in my right hand and then every time I try and swipe, it swipes to the right. Pulling up the camera, 4 times in a row. Ugh.
Unfortunately things have been really changing on Facebook making it worse. You have to have Messenger to chat, you will see people associated to your old profile.  Privacy is also gone, and seeing ads in your videos is the WORST. I don’t pay for my data to view your Ads. 
I have just uninstalled the app.  For the last two weeks, my news feeds have been delayed for upto 3 days and inconsistent. The phone web version feed is OK though it takes you to "Add Friends" without an option to skip and won't open latest feeds without going to "Most Recent".  I think QA Testing has gone downhill over the last one year. 
I'm joining in with the others that say "no stories to show."  It appears that if I've seen them once when I open the app, that the next time, they're gone.  So if there are no new posts, I'll get the "no stories to show."  Frustrating!  The app was working just fine many "updates" ago.  Please stop "updating" every 2 weeks! 
I personally love Facebook. I love all the features. BUT. A couple problems I see: Notifications load out of order. Notifications skip, ie. from "Just Now" to "Fifteen Minutes Ago" to "Three Hours Ago" to "Yesterday At 2054". Timeline doesn't load posts at times. Friends' Timelines won't load at times. Facebook Live and Live Audio (something I LOVE— my two favorite features actually!— more often than not kicks me from the app. App runs slow when posting sometimes, then crashes. (Thank the Lord it saves your post like an email draft.) I love Facebook, so I am sorry, really actually sorry, to leave an angry review, but that IS what this section is FOR. I would like to see these all fixed, please and thank you. :)
A dark mode option would be nice. One thing I noticed is there is a ton load of Ad’s now and it’s highly annoying. Other than that it’s smooth. I haven’t had time to test the efficiency of the app compared to friendly’s Facebook client app. The ads though really really bug me and is why I will keep using Friendly’s as a alternate application for Facebook.
Keeps crashing when scrolling through  And wasn’t load nothing on feed 
I’ve recently started having problems when opening up the Facebook app on my phone where it would give me an error message saying “No Stories To Show, Please Retry” I’ve clicked on Retry numerous times but all it does is bring me back to that particular error page.. I’m hoping this gets fixed but I doubt it will since it seems Facebook just likes to make the app unfeasible after every update!!
Can’t even watch a video without ads and the only trending news are bashing people that don’t fit facebooks agenda.
App does not function properly, you have to go to the full webpage to do everything. Please fix this
Can someone please help me reset my password
Can you please update so that the screen fits for the iPhone X. Can’t see the time at the top, it’s pushed all the way to the left
Both of the “ears” are shifted to the left so I am unable to see the time or battery while on Facebook. I’ve force closed and even uninstalled the app and reinstalled it with no luck.
The never ending question, why do I use this app? Not only is is flooded w ads and useless clickbait. But Facebook is constantly sending me notifications like a needy friend trying to tell me stuff I don’t care about.   This app is the worst. 
I’m sorry but I don’t like this Facebook because the security issues my Facebook keeps getting hacked I get a different kind of Facebook loading screen That doesn’t have the notifications or friend request it’s different and the messenger is horrible because it has access to your camera all your contacts and can even listen in your phone calls This is a security risk invasion of privacy why Facebook please fix Facebook make it fun again
Event planning on iPhone running newest iOS and newest version FB is not very user friendly. My first event planned on fb was a bit annoying due to text box disappearing whenever I would try to type info for party. Then, as I tried to add two co-hosts, FB said “action cannot be completed at this time” but still added one person and would not allow me to add them both. At no time did fb tell me “one co-host allowed” or anything like that making me think they’d both been added until I saved changed and looked. Slightly annoying, now I have to explain why I let one female co-host and not the other 😒😒 thanks fb
Half the time when I tap a notification about new posts in a group, the group page comes up empty and posts never load - even with pulling down to refresh.
As soon as I open the app it crashes.
Facebook is slowly becoming adbook. Too many ads and too many negative news.
Since the most recent update I’m seeing an ever-growing amount of ghost notifications. For instance if I look at the thumbnail of the Facebook app right now the red notification circle says that there are 24 new notifications for me to check. However when you open it up there are maybe 2 or 3. I’ve tried to hunt for whatever is causing this number to continue to grow and not go away but I can’t find anything. Please, what is this?
Your app runs in the background and is draining my battery.. All settings are off and disabled yet it's still doing this
Too many ads, fake news, and people with no filters. All the hate in the world.
Ive used facebook for years and have a business page as well. Nobody can tag my business in a post or picture. I cant tag anybody on a post either!! Ive sent messages on the help page and never even get an answer back. On my personal page if I click to look at something once and then try to go back to look at it later it wont let me. There again I’ve sent messages on the help page with no response. Can you say Facebook has gotten too big for its britches and doesn't care about the operating of the page only the ads!!!
My primary contact is an email I can not recover because I created it when I was a basically a baby. Facebook has not allowed me to use my primary email that I use today for this account because I previously created an account with it that was deactivated/deleted. I am not creating another email to get the full features of Facebook and connect it the proper way. There should be a simple option to connect it to the email of my choice especially when I have other identity confirmation methods such as my cellphone connected. I login with the password associated with my account. This is absurd.  I also hate that Facebook doesn’t allow you to delete your photos and/or posts in bulk. That is absolutely insane. It’s 2018, why are such simple features still unavailable? 
So many ads now. It’s completely pointless to watch any videos on here. In the middle of a video It’ll stop to play an ad. PLEASE give me an option to opt out. I don’t care about the ads in my feed, but the ads in videos are the worst.
Don't like having to enter my password every time why did you do away with the face recognition .    Please bring it back
Everything is an ad! Also I can’t even got on market place. I’m ready to delete it! Fix the Facebook market! It won’t pop up on my phone!
I have 100 mbps download speed, definitely not a problem on my end
start croll down to view and it shuts down automatically. Reinstalled several times. Restarted the phone many a time but the problem still persists. btw I use iphone 7plus
Won't play videos & freezes when I slide out of a video .
None of my posts are not showing up on my news feed my posts are no where to be found hope there’s a fix Also has a lot of bugs won’t unfollow people on here when I press unfollow 
It does not open  It becomes bad and bad and bad more snd more and more I will remove it and i do not want facebook again since you do not fix it and we write here for nothing 
Need more privacy ,I want appear like disconnected like old version just for privacy and switch whenever I want . Ohh one more thing, when I block someone I would like to block them forever for some reason I do,but they still watching my page and still sending friend request.
I was not a big Facebook user but when marketplace came out I was hooked. I have a new Facebook now and marketplace is not an option. What’s the deal help me out tried every YouTube video out there still no marketplace.
1) no one should be forced to watch an ad that's half as long as the video it's inserted into. I never watch these, I just close the video.   2) How can the app still not save your place? Leave the app to fact check an article? Well, it's gone before you can post the fact check in the comments! I know FB profits from the spread of fake news, but I can't imagine that's why their app can't recall your last page when loading, it just hasn't been a priority for them. 
It the worst last 3-4 updates ever !!! The app is freezing each 2 min, forcing me to go back to home screen, I can’t read anything on Facebook, or even check any page, u need to fix it plz This issue is already going on for couple months ! 
I know it’s a space to add friends, but that’s just it.. I don’t want to add people I just know, I wan to add people I actually talk to...  Please move the (people you may know) feature into a submenu! Or option to turn it off!! Really I do add people and they add me when we really are friends! 
Facebook is the new myspace page. It’s only a matter of time before it’s obsolete!
FB app is so slow now
I have a secondary account that is saved on the app alongside my regular account, and I constantly get pointless push notifications about friend’s posts, and I don’t want them. I updated my account settings to reflect that I don’t want those types of notifications, but I still kept getting them. Instead I had to log out, go to settings for that account on the login screen, and toggle the switch for receiving notifications for that account to off. However, I STILL keep getting these push notifications?! Every few weeks or so, my settings apparently reset on their own, I start getting those push notifications again, and I’m forced to log out, find the setting, and toggle it to off again, which I SHOULDN’T HAVE TO DO! There is no reason for my settings to change unless I change them, and until your app can manage to do what I set it to do, one star.
Stop trying to control what I want to see! I want most recent feed! Now the option for most recent news feed is gone! Time to delete app after many years.
Used to be good for connecting with loved ones. Now there are so many hate filled nasty people on there that need to be banned they’ve made fb a horrible place to meet new ppl. About to join millions of others and delete the app completely.
I got the update for Facebook watch then the Facebook app updated again and it was gone. What the heck!
Easily hack democracy using this spammy ad filled battery draining app. #Fakebook
This app is SO frustrating. Checked it 30” ago. Showed a post from 1&1/2 hours ago. Just reopened the app. Same post but (shocking) it’s now 2 hours ago. Most recent is a joke too. It’s obvious Facebook chooses what I see. I don’t mind the ads but good grief it’s too much other garbage. People have been reviewing this app for years and making the same complaints but it only gets worse. Not sure if it’s even worth it anymore...smh
My Facebook Say No Post To Show I Have Deleted And Re downloaded this app i even logged out and it still Say the same thing on the web Facebook website I need my Facebook for important stuff.
Seems like it freezes too much and news feed won’t load, I have to keep logging in and out of the app and still doesn’t show newsfeed
No news feed on the app, at all. Just says no stories to show, no matter how many times I hit retry, in both top stories and most recent. App is completely useless now.
News feed not showing up at all
Just updated my phone to the newest IOS version and now it’s saying that there’s no stories to show
What a mess. Cannot sort by most recent anymore yesterday posts show before post minutes ago. Very frustrating. Too many ads you may like even after updating ad preferences and suggested apps I am not interested in using
EVERY time I go on my Facebook, my timeline NEVER loads.
Only downloading this terrible app because Zucky blocked my News Feed from showing in my mobile browsers. Thanks for ruining the world again Zuck.
When I click on the Facebook app, it is telling me that I have no stories to show and that I need to add friends. I have not deleted friends so I am not sure what has happened. It just keeps glitching out. Help!
I’ve been using Facebook for a long time, but now all of a sudden on my timeline it says “no stories to show” and it hit retry over and over again but it doesn’t work.
I feel like this is such a no-brainer issue, I should take off another star.  The app generally functions as expected.  But there is a big annoyance for me that I can\'t understand why is an issue.  I don\'t think was an issue in my older iPhone.  Am currently using an iPhone 8 Plus on iOS 11.2.1. Let\'s say I\'m already in the middle of writing a post on my page or on a page I\'m following.  Then let\'s suppose that to complete my post, I need to look something up - you know, verify twice, publish once.  Every time I switch apps, like open Google Search or go to Safari to confirm a link, the Facebook app loses my entire draft/whatever was in the Commentary Box _and_ the page that I was on, and reverts to a different screen. If I was trying to update something from the main Timeline flow, the app has \'forgotten\'/lost the post I was looking at, and the opportunity to \"be social\" gets swept away in an involuntary refresh of the Timeline!  Frustrating as heck, especially when lately misinformation is a Priority 1 Enemy. If Facebook wants this behaviour to be the default experience, then maybe further improve the UI by making \'auto-refresh of app in background\' a toggle Users can opt-out of. 
Really tired of only able to see what Facebook deems as Top Stories on my news feed instead of being able to change my settings so facebook posts show up in Most Recent. I know there’s a tab for me to do that but I wish I would be able to set that as my default setting. I’ve missed out on a lot of my Facebook friends’ posts because of this. I would much rather see that then videos that I won’t watch because there are 30 second ads every minute.
ADS SUPPORT FACEBOOK SO STOP OK?! JUST USE AD BLOCKING IDIOTS!
...and couldn’t be happier. No annoying ads, and lousy app. Nice!
I am so sick of seeing people I may know. I am also very tired of seeing the same story over and over and over when I log on. Can you please put  a : I do not want to see the story again X so we don’t have to see it 50 times!
It wouldn't let me watch on safari for some reason. On my iphone
The corners of the app are cut off when using an iPhone X.
The videos hang and buffer a lot on this update
Agree with prior statement: please don’t add friends’ friends without  my notice/agreement!
This app gets more bloated with every update. Now I can't really use it at all, I scroll a bit and the app exits. It does nothing but crash. Absolute garbage.
If you like the Rothschilds and making them rich... continue to use fakebook
Quite often after coming from a full screen video, the formatting goes out of bounds of screen.  Specifically the Top time and battery indicators are cut off on screen.
Video ads interrupting my viewing!  I thought this was for everyone, but my friend on a Galaxy phone says she never gets these annoying ads! Seriously?? Stop the ads interrupting my videos! It forces me to move on and not view the rest of the video- it won’t even let me “like” the video and move on while the ad is playing!! 
This Facebook app has bugs in it that needs to get fixed.
Social experiment??? First we endured getting notifications every time a friend or page was “live”. Now if my notifications say I have 3, I actually have 2. Says 2 I actually have 1. I spent 20 minutes yesterday going through my notifications history clearing out ones I had not previously clicked on. Still says 1 more than what I actually have. Guess Facebook is using us as lab rats to see how many complain. Put this lab rat at the top of your social experiment list. Then fix the issue!!!!
Please, make features less attractive to people. So Maybe some can get a life outside of a cell phone
I have no problem login on my iphone, but I can’t on my iPad. The error reads: no internet connection, please check your net work. By the way, I am from China where Facebook is banned. But I am using VPN and I can easily login Facebook on browser. So firewall shouldn’t be the issue. Could someone help me fix the problem?
This app is worthless, can’t open at all, especially since last update. I an going to stop using it! If I could I would give  0 stars!
Since the dawn of iOS 11 I’ve been having trouble adding emojis to posts using my iPhone 7! Can you PLEASE cut back the number of rows to 4 instead of 5! When I’m adding emojis I cannot see the last row of text along with the emojis I’m adding until I go back to the regular keyboard. Why is that?
The latest and greatest: As of 01/09/2018 there are no stories populating the home page on mobile devices! Tried four different mobile devices with iOS11.2.2, iPhone X, 7 Plus and iPad Pro, all with the same issue. Only populates on a PC Windows.
Way too many ads!!! Just because a so-called friend of a friend, does NOT mean that I know them. Please STOP all the ads and mutual friend invites!! This is a waste of my time and mutual friend invites. Thank you.
It will not let me do a posts with more than two pictures! It is aggravating to say the least. Plus ads are overwhelming. I’ve ‘hid’ some yet they come back
My Facebook updated and now my icon is gone and when I go into App Store to open it, it will not let me in. What is going on??????
Get rid of the ads and stop filtering posts!
I never trusted Facebook with much personal information. Then they decided I was a Russian bot and froze me out. So it goes.
I like it
Facebook needs a complaint department. Flagging photos as nudity and they are even pictures is starting to be a bit much. And when they claim the words are nudity you don’t even have an option to contest what isn’t true. Yeah you have the social media on lock but it’s a bit ridiculous.
You are not missing anything. Do not download Facebook.  Sincerely, a husband and father of two 
Every time I use landscape mode on my iPhone X in the Facebook app my upper bar main information gets messed up. The time and WiFi on the right become offset and are covered by the notch while the time is completely cut off the top left. Would be much appreciated if this could be addressed
There’s an issue that should’ve been fixed from the start. Whenever I’m on the app on my iPhone X, the status bar symbols at the top of the phone (the ears next to the notch) are completely messed up. They only show the very right side of the the symbols as if they have all been moved to the left. It’s extremely annoying. Fix it now.
This is insane. Every week I’m being restricted from posting and joining in Facebook groups. I run a few very active Facebook groups and every time I post in them I am being restricted for a week at a time. I can not interact with my group and my members are leaving because of this! This is ridiculous. What is the point of having Facebook features if you can not use them at all without being restricted. I would rate 0 stars if I could. This has become absolutely useless since I am restricted every week.
Trash
This app is so dumb, closes you out when trying to look through your feed what the heck?
For some reason, the app for iPhone (not iPad) no longer allows you to turn off the annoying in app sounds by going to settings and turning them off. This is VERY annoying!
I would like to use the Facebook marketplace, but I can’t find the icon for it anywhere. I tried finding it on my computer, and it won’t allow me to use it there either. Not sure what that’s all about, but I’m not happy.
it was an alright app. so i deleted facebook and i’ll get notified “Kelly *******” commented on a post, or “Eric *******” liked a post. even worse, “Theresa ********* checked in at a place.” i don’t want these texts (and if i cared about their facebook actions, i’d ask them. and there’s so many ads it just became dumb
facebook app is keep on draining on my iphone everytime  i watch videos on facebook app it crashing
Basura, basura y más basura. Cada maldita actualización es más y más pesada. Cada vez es menos privada y menos funcional. Detesto que me estén preguntando constantemente información que no deseo darles como mi número de teléfono. 
The new colored text that you can post with designs are STILL the original ones. I’m not getting the new and updated ones.
I liked seeing on my feed when someone adds someone as a friend. Bring that back.
Do you know what happens when I see an ad on a video that I’m watching? I swipe down to the next one.  If I wanted to see that many ads I would watch TV, a YouTube video, or just search for what I am looking for.   Thank you for the opportunity to leave this review. 
The biggest reason for my review is based on how buggy the app has been recently. The app freezes and take a while to load/reload. When your scrolling through your friends list and your on a particular letter the app re-scrolls back up 3 letters. Another huge complaint I have is the amount of ads Facebook app now has. It’s ridiculous while watching a video that’s longer than 5 mins has to stop and play an ad, YouTube doesn’t even do that! I understand you need funding and ways to make money, but constant ads in our faces isn’t going to do that. We get it! I feel this will be a huge drawback for you Facebook.
Facebook app habe aproblm in iphon 6 g please review
I don’t like advertisements appearing while I’m watching videos on FB. It’s really annoying. And I can’t pay my internet costs to such advertisements. Even though I’d buy the products or I’d be interested in the products, I don’t want to spend my time watching those videos. That’s why I don’t like it, so please do not post any advertisements while I’m watching the videos. I don’t like it and if you are keeping doing like this, I would never ever be using Facebook in the future.
App always freezes and restarts and then freezes again when I try to share my memories “on this day”. Very strange.
Maybe I should be thanking Facebook, I used to spend a ton of time just scrolling through videos, but now that there are ads in almost all of the videos, I have stopped. I refuse to watch ads in any videos on Facebook. There are already ads in my feed! It’s not like Facebook isn’t making enough money already!! Knock it off with this crap Facebook.
When trying to edit an event description, the text disappears and I can’t see what is being typed.
You can’t try to read an article or watch a clip without ads interrupting     Its footnotes to be too much
I give it two stars because most of the time it closes unexpectedly today was worst it doesn't even work for one minute before it shut down
Why is Facebook taking me out the app every time I try and go live
It wouldn’t hurt to fix the time and battery in the iPhone X
Unfortunately when posting to your page on the Facebook app you cannot close out of the confirmation screen. You have to close the entire app to be able to go to any other page.
Can’t use marketplace on my Facebook. I have updated to the most recent version. Signed out and signed back in. Nothing seems to work.
The sound doesn’t work on the app? I went to setting to make sure my sound was on and it is. I’ve tried exiting from the app and then reopening it. Heck, I even restarted my phone and nothing works. It’s super annoying and inconvenient to have to get on safari for FB bc the app is jank.
Facebook as an app has reached peak annoyance. A never-ending barrage of nonsensical and useless push notifications. I hate this app so much.
For some reason the whole market place tab is just gone! Disappeared. It has been gone for awhile, I assumed it would come back in a update. But I’ve updated several times, and I still don’t have it!!!!!
Jesus where to begin! Everything tasteless is okay, privacy settings are a joke, reporting is a joke, making new accounts is a joke, the verify system is utter trash. Can not wait until the next big site comes along and sweeps this trash into the bin of history!
You cannot go one minute on here without seeing a Ad. Horrible.
Sometimes I see posts from the previous week for the first time when scrolling through (even when I pick “most recent”). It’s all a big mess these days. I can’t keep up with friends when it hides half their posts and I miss important things. What a waste of what could be (used to be?) a good thing.
How come there hasn’t been any updates?? There hasn’t been any updates for Facebook for a good while!! What’s going on????
Ive been using Facebook for about 11 years now and through all of the updates and changes, I’ve stuck with them. For the past few weeks, my Facebook app wont load properly and its driving me crazy. It will load about four posts, one of which is an advertisement, and then it wont scroll down any further.  Ive logged in and out, deleted and re-downloaded the app, and made sure that I am using the most current version, but nothing works. FIX THIS NOW.
I deleted the APP by mistake and when I reloaded it again there is no Icon on my IPhone screen
Easy to use, lots of good info, good help desk.
Please fix the bug in the iPad version where one can no long look at files in groups. Click on a file and it bounces back to the group page, grrrgh.
Please dont sponsored anymore on other app for facebook everyone have facebook account no need to sponsore anymore
Nothing ever is in order. Especially in groups. Facebook dying slowly.
Have no idea where Facebook looks and wants add those people. But that’s weird, tired deleting them!
I hate your ads! I’m getting rid of Facebook and I know a lot of other people who are annoyed with it and are getting rid of theirs too! Also too there’s too much filth allowed on Facebook!
So they have completely abandoned the idea of us seeing our News Feed in chronological order. Sure, there’s an option for it, but it has been “broken” for some time. It’s like Facebook wants people to hate the experience.
Why wouldn't I want it chronological??
Ha gotem
I can't even use the app. It crashes after using it for a small period of time and Facebook doesn't seem to fix it. If this continues, i can't use it anymore m
In the middle of post, there are two or more ads that ‘s not even relevant or not needed at all. To many in betweens of “like “ this or “like “that.   Pls FB remove unnecessary ads...
So much error with iphone x. Fix it plz . 
Why is my Most Recent Feed from 7 hours ago... this is ridiculous. I get so frustrated with seeing the same stuff all the time. Put the most recent posts first... on every newsfeed. Not that hard.
Something more user friendly on a large touch screen would be nice.
Every time you are reading an message or interesting articles you have an ad between paragraphs. It bugs me as you just what to read not see ads. you want
I use this app as a link for my mobile games as but they are locking games out without warning and also send me text messages which I feel is an invasion of my personal information.
Needs to be updated
I don’t like that my comments appear like status updates. If I wanted to I would share the post and write a status. Instead sometimes I just want to comment. I liked it when it was distinct
So I can’t use Marketplace at all. Ads will show up and when I click on the item the app just closes. And then there’s no icon for marketplace so I have no way of seeing it unless a little ad for it show up listing people’s items. (Same with on my computer, by obviously this is an app)
The latest update seems to caused it to run very slow if at all.
Page issues -  I hate the current live video there is no way to save the video after you posted (think maybe a way right after or before you posted but not after it shows on your wall on my fan page.)  Also, there is no way to edit the live location. I accidentally put the wrong location and couldn’t edit afterwards.  Keep in mind the your journey. When you do live video, there is always rush and messy as you were outside, many people, and when you finish, you were also trying to say thank you to other people in the event etc.   I also hate you can’t type title in advance. I know is small thing but when you are with hundreds people and reporters and you need to be ready right away. What a rush to write the title and select a right location!  Also, the stupid screen show up before your live stream. Not sure what’s in the box but super not helpful! You are rush! You just want to get the right title and location out and your fans are waiting! What are those stupid color etc things - my assistant event asked me “how do I get rid of this?” I know it disappears after you start but just such as bad UX and UI!   Group issues -  Finally, when you post on group after create albums you allow people to select both video and photo but actually if you do so, nothing will show after you upload. You can actually only upload photo. Then, fix it or not allow me to select both! It’s waste of my time after I select 40 photos and video then nothing shows! 
Every time I go on my friends list it glitches and skips to a different letter. Like I will be in the “B” and two seconds later it skip down to the “G” names. It’s impossible to look at your friends list.
Can't post pictures in comment threads.
Facebook as it’s perks but I don’t like how they let swearing stay on Facebook and don’t do anything about stopping it. That they think it’s okay when it’s not and people get nasty and rude with there comments to one another. That they need to step up and make it so you block it or report it. Facebook needs to make it so that people can’t blow up people’s feed with other people’s thousand of posts. It gets annoying and the drama that happens on Facebook needs to stop also it’s annoying and to much for people.
I have a iPhone X, when I open Facebook the app crashes immediately.
Many people are getting hacked everyday including me, you need to do more than just change our password and actually make it where it is impossible to get hacked.
This app is horrible for the soul. It is filled with videos of murder, abuse children, abused animals, teenagers fighting, adults fighting, death, and so much violence. It has become the #1 race war website ever made. It is full of hate and disgust and should be taken away from the human population and given to monkeys because I swear that Facebook is half of what is wrong with the world today. This world is disgusting. Thanks Facebook. You've created a monster.
It seems that when I open the Facebook app and put the phone down, the screen stays active longer than usual.
The new update seems to be glitching. When I click on videos to watch and then ty to exit out of the them, my screen freezes but the audio continues to play
This, is the second time I am taking time to submit the same review, first time it just “magically” got vanished! It all started with a cool, somehow innovative idea of connections, for the average user, and millions of $ for a smart guy named Mark, but problem starts when you get tricked by the intrusive classifying and ad-showing strategies misusing you, and now, thanks to Apple’s generous API-sharing policy of App interaction, Facebook can, and actually does read your installed apps and INSIDIOUSLY adds them to your FAVORITES in your ad preferences, if you care about your privacy get rid of this billion-dollar-making, privacy infringement agent. Enough is enough Mark, enough is enough guys, maybe you should go ask your parents to teach you a little bit of ethics and stop these wrongdoings. 
Ap won’t even open after latest update on an iPhone 6.
Seems like Facebook has become a big sell out. There are ads everywhere every video. My account has been disabled twice now for reasons unknown of course. Sounds like a fascist book more than a Facebook. Many accounts have pornographic content but they do not get disabled, makes me question the integrity of this app. I won’t be using this app and I suggest you do the same. Facebook does not make any money if nobody is using it. You have the power!!!
And disappointed that you need to apps for Facebook. Trash!!!!
New update is is ok but now I have to click on the notifications one at a time when last year all I had to do is swipe down to make them read. That is a pain if you do not check them after a few hours or at night. Even when I click on the notification either on my iPad or iPhone I still have to click on it to say it is read .
Extremely slow, don't download
The screen shots look nice and the app runs great on everyone’s phone but mine because my app REFUSES to update like everyone else’s has.
Where the heck is all the videos that I posted from before? It’s not even there!
I don’t know how Facebook decides what is on my newsfeed but I hate it! I’m tired of seeing the same junk over and over. Stories from days ago keep showing up at the top of my news feed. Local news stories about school closings on Tuesday when it’s Saturday! Why can’t I just see the most recent stuff my friends and the pages I follow post. Why is that so hard???
The size of Facebook is too much you should probably make it smaller!!
小林尚礼声嘶力竭拉丝材大年初六文辞你我都凑我超车我哦巨额回复恶化求恶化我佛黑客大会还为此
I only made a Facebook for the market place which I can’t even access from the Facebook app. What gives
Facebook Lie kill you End.
if i see any ads, i just put my phone on silent and set my iphone facedown.
I liked Facebook but suddenly it deleted from my home screen and when I went to the App Store it showed it was downloaded. Where’s the logic?
THIS HAS BEEN BROKEN FOR A WHILE. VOICE OVER DOESNOT WORK IN GROUP SETTINGS ANY MORE. AND I RUN A GROUP WITH OVER 2,000 MEMBERS. IT NEEDS TO BE FIXED. SO GET OFF YOUR BUT AND DO SOMETHING FOR THE WORLD.
1133333 88zelayar and  Ramonzelaya  88zelayar 
FB is crap on iPhone X
My marketplace icon doesn’t show on my Facebook and I’ve uninstalled and downloaded it again! It’s very annoying because the video icon is there and I have no use for it period!!!! Please fix
The marketplace isn’t showing up on the app can anybody help
5 Jan.  Absolutely no luck with password reset.  Facebook really needs a Tech Support line!  1 Jan.  Password reset does not work!  Have tried for over a month.  Have sent license and another pic. Can a real person assist?! ——-  Newsfeed is not working properly. I have to log out, then in, to see any semblance of a feed.  Then, everything freezes and feed turns white.  Last update was not too swift.  CAN SOMEONE HELP?  On Sunday, 26 Nov, FB was working fine.  Since yesterday, it wants a password.  I have deleted and reloaded app, rebooted phone and WiFi.  Tried password reset only to receive error messages.   Now messenger disappeared.  Reloaded and having similar issues.  I have a headache over this!!!!  Local computer tech is stumped.  Apple cannot help.  FB is not answering messages.  I wrote a help ticket on cousin’s phone.  Message he received was of no help!!  It is now Dec 31.  Still no resolution. Have sent license twice and another pic.  Seems like I am getting closer to getting back in but would be nice if I could talk to human on phone😩😊. Please help.  I am an Admin on HS site and need access to original account. 
I WILL NOT use Facebook any longer. They were sending “people you may know” suggestions to my newsfeed for people who use pornographic photos as their profile picture. I don’t know where they are getting their information, but these people are not anyone I not my friends know. I complained all over the place and they don’t care. So beware when you download this app. You too may be receiving these disgusting “ profile pictures” on your newsfeed.
Love using Facebook to keep up with friends and it even helps with work-related stuff. It is a very useful app. However, it takes FOREVER to load and randomly closes out of the app. It’s very frustrating. I have updated my iphone software, reinstalled the app, done just about everything. Hope it gets better.
It is really stinky that we cannot do scheduled posts on Facebook. Some people use this to help with their business and it is really annoying that there are so many things that Android does that Apple does not.
The app is not optimized for iPhone X. When using the app the battery’s info/ time/ and connection bars are not centered correctly. Please update your app 
I facings problem in new version of Facebook on iPhone 6s...when i open after using another app Facebook got stuck for few seconds
3 years after my first review saying it crashes and the app keeps crashing all the time!
Facebook is bad for you in so many ways and mentally being one of them. Often we find ourselves scrolling through other lives. Not everyone has a very amazing and fun filled life. And that can be bad for people's mental health.   And we don't even need to start with how it's affected us with communication with others.  But hey this is just a review, not applied to everyone.. 
There’s a persistent red circle at the bottom of the app on the new “Watchlist” feature that seemingly can’t be disabled. I have no interest in Watchlist, but FB seems intent on trying to get as much attention for it as possible, even if it annoys users.
I downloaded this ducking app just to share and to get reword on the rules s of survival
I haven’t even downloaded it yet.
I hate that I get notified about everything my friends are doing on Facebook. Who knows what Facebook is notifying my friends about me. I don't need people to know about every little thing I do on Facebook. Big deal if I commented on a photo or liked a photo. No one cares. Take that stalking feature out please.
So I have Facebook and the first thing I wanted to do was to make my account private and do u know it didn’t so IF U WANT ME TO USE UR APP U NEED PRIVATE ACCOUNT ACCESS OR ELSE.Also I don’t have a phone number so I DONT WANT TO VERIFY MY PHONE OR EMAIL.
As I write this, I've just re-installed the app because of its tendency to randomly shut down on its own, usually while I'm in the middle of a good article or video. I can't stand this piece of crap, but there's no other alternative.  UPDATE 11/4/17: This app continues to be a pile of crap. Reinstalling yet again because of its tendency to shut down or refresh on its own. Happened twice today, once while I was writing a long post. Get your act together, Facebook!  UPDATE 1/5/18: Still a huge pile of crap. Shuts down on its own every day. 
Lost my profile because somebody reported me on not having my real name and I could only get it back by sending my id. Why the f**k would I send a government id to a social media site? 9 years of memories lost.
I’m not sure why Facebook thinks we want to see a ton of week old posts. I personally care about today and those posts! Guess if I wait until next week I’ll get to see them lol ridiculous!
I usually don't mind updates. I mean, I find them pointless, but whatever. But this update has caused so many issues. First of all, I can't react to posts anymore. I can only "like" (when I click a reaction nothing happens). Then what makes ZERO sense to me, is you changed the drop down options on posts. Now I have to click the drop down at the top of the post, yet the options come up on the bottom of the screen....?? So if I want to delete a post, I have to click at the top, go to the bottom and hit delete, then go back to the top to confirm the delete. Like, what?? Who's idiotic idea was that? Why are you guys making updates just for the sake of updating?? And another thing: now when I check my notifications, they don't get marked as checked. The blue dot stays on each one as if it's new. So I constantly have notifications yet it's for notifications I've already seen. It's getting real old, Facebook.
I still don't have the marketplace feature which is super annoying. On top of that, when fb suggests items from marketplace, it crashes the app if i click see all. Get it together fb.
Every time I try to open an external link, the page comes out blank. I also logged on from my phone’s browser and it sent me a notification that my account was logged on from somewhere else. I go to the app to confirm that I approve and the page only comes out as blank.
On iPhone 7 iOS 11.2.1
Many others are having this issue. I’m using fb from my phone and there isn’t a function for me to delete someone who accidentally declined the invite, so that I can be allowed to invite them again. It’s like all or nothing, which in reality, people change their minds or their plans but this feature of completely banning the invitee is quite ridiculous.
When writing a comment to a post on the newsfeed using voice typing, the text box does not properly expand to fill the entered text, and therefore you cannot edit your text or press the post button.
The app keeps crashing. My phone is brand new.
Facebook listens to nearby conversations for related ads and displays in feed. Deleted.  Use friendly, don't need to have a second messenger app and it doesn't evesdrop. 
Facebook is going through tough time and adds are their revenue the have to feed their families too!
I’d like to have iOS 11 Smart Invert Supports. I’d love to have OLED black support please Facebook? Thanks
Pages close and restart for no reason
I tried to create an account, but before I can post anything, I get a message to send them a picture so they can verify my identity. And for their and my safety the will log me out on my account until whenever they may or may not get around to verifying me.   It seems creating and account is considered suspicious activity.  I tried with a new email account and an older email account.  It didn't matter, I have to send in my photo and wait for them to verify it somehow.  There is no way to actually contact Facebook to talk to them to try to resolve whatever issue they have.  I see peeps posting about this on their help website for many months, and not one comment about the account being unlocked.   Facebook seems like a dictatorship, doing whatever they want just because they can. 
Don’t know what happened. I can cross-post Instagram posts just fine, but I can’t upload photos to any of my Facebook photo albums — every time I attempt to do so, it takes a million years to tell me that it can’t upload anything, no matter how many pics I put in the post. Fix this or you’ll lose more customers and users.
I don’t have the market place and it’s irritating because everyone else does
Recent update is clunky and is the worst ever. I click on a notification but can’t see the comment, only the original post. I keep deleting and re downloading to no success.
I used to love watching videos on Facebook and still do, but can the ads during the videos go away? The ads don’t pertain to my likes and quite frankly, they are just plain stupid. Leave the ads for YouTube.
How is a page that is created 1 days ago suggested page.
Facebook used to be so great, I remember when it was just a social networking site, then it became a media consumption site which was ok. Now Facebook has become a revenue generating machine and it shows. Placing ads that cannot be skipped during the climax of a video is VERY frustrating and stupid. The new slide to open camera.... look. This isn’t Instagram ok, it’s Facebook. I don’t take a picture often enough to want to swipe my finger to open a camera app. Of the 78 times that I have opened the camera feature on Facebook, one was intentional- the intent was to find a way to DISABLE it.   Facebook is going downhill as is our country. We have become too inclined to post our lives on here with our fake digital friends that we don’t socialize in public. Or faces are constantly planted into our screens. The worst part- we are having awful user experiences with this piece of garbage app. 
Why fix what’s not broken just to mess up 5 other things? It’s so frustrating to scroll through my friends list just to get past B or C and it automatically flies to the top. I never do get to finish. My battery is like water under a sponge, sucked till both left. By the time the ads finish I lost all interest in what I was waiting for.  Had to change my name after years of using my real first and middle.  Don’t like using my last for security reasons.  You pretend to care about our privacy but, the sad reality is.. we have no privacy! Please fix this app.  It’s been years and your team is back to trying to tie their shoes.  Use Velcro fuk it!
Can’t see the comments
Please update this f in app videos do not play! Its horrible! Super slow god
Stop stop stop stop stop just delete itttttttttttttt.  Just download Snapchat and stop hatinnnnn’’!!!  Ya’lll stupiddddddd
The last version it’s so boring I can’t open messenger in Facebook 😒the notifications so bad 🖕🏼even when I won’t see the notification always showing me number one 😑🔫 and the worst is I can’t reply any comments with emoji 😭 please try to fix it as possible as you can or I will delete the app 💔😢
PLEASE FIX: Making an older profile picture your current one.  When you are on an older profile picture, you go to the top right hand corner and click on the 3 dots. From there, there is  NO option to make your an older profile picture your current one. Please fix 
Seriously why? Why so many ads???? I’m not using Facebook anymore because those stupid ads.
Facebook blocked me from posting and doubt they even saw the videos I posted which is of a dancing rescued pig and girls ballet. They won’t do anything but yet I’m blocked from posting? SMH Facebook is making me very mad. Going to erase soon if this doesn’t stop even though they don’t give a f*ck about anyone
Ever since Apple programmed algorithms to slow down the six the app just spins and spins. I can’t get on. I don’t get notifications and fb Comcast and att blame apple. Apple blames my battery. Funny AppleCare ran diagnostics last night and big surprise: it’s fine! BOO Apple
Facebook not adjusting to iphone X, margins seem off, and also not liking how now you can’t post anything with music without getting block, its not fun anymore with so many limitations
خروج من البرنامج بصورة مفاجئه برنامج سيئ وفاشل جداً.
It won’t let me change my profile video 😑
All of the new updates are terrible! You see the same posts over and over again. The new updates to the search feature makes it impossible to find posts that aren’t sales posts, especially in a group. I wish fb would undo the new “improvements”
To many pop ups that retain viruses and not allowed to exit. Can be frustrating at time then have to click okay then go back !
I’m trying to get back into Facebook but it won’t let me it said I was hacked and needed to to change my password so I did but I still can’t get into Facebook so can you help me with this by figuring out what to do thanks.
I’m annoyed. Since their update, all it does is churn and churn and never updates in the News Feed end.  Even now and then when I try to update the news feed, it stops and tells me to “Add friends” or “Retry” because it can’t scroll. 
There is a panel for chat , it use to show with a green dot if they were online, not there! I have to go to messenger app and change to two different screens to see if someone is online! Extreme pain in the rear! Please fix Also in the app there is a selection in the top right to go to messenger, why can’t you put a selection there for Moments. Again I have to close one app to go to other apps to do things on Facebook 
Designe of facebook is so much disgusting badly , we need transparency and more fluidity
App will not refresh timeline unless I close out app entirely and even then won’t load past a few posts. Very annoying
Pls make some changes , because the app gets really annoying . The app drains my battery and my mobile data. Pls give an option that the videos do NOT automatically start playing . We should have the option , when to play them or not. Is there a reason why each update is almost 250MB ? It’s killing my data plan . When I check the data consumption list , FB is by far first. 
WHY THE HELL AM I GETTING NOTIFICATIONS EVERY TIME SOMEONE I KNOW POSTS ANYTHING AT ALL. SERIOUSLY THIS IS THE REASON PEOPLE DELETE THIER ACCOUNTS!!! NO ONE NEEDS TO HARASSED THIS MUCH. ESPECIALLY BY SUCH A SECOND RATE SOCIAL MEDIA OUTLET.  So we all had to download a second app for messenger but somehow miraculously a tab opened up so Facebook can pretend it’s Craigslist?!?!?! Seriously this app is just a giant scam. 
Thanks for the updates and taking the time to let us know what the updates are. We don’t know what they do and most of the time they do nothing for us. Generic update description has been the same for years. Thanks for nothing.
Hola, descargue la app y no me aparece por mi pantalla, no se q ocurre, me pasa con otras apps, y no se como eliminarla en la AppStore
Did you even test your app before release ?!
Please remove the drop down messages telling me who’s active now, they’re very annoying.
Crashes in 5 minutes of me being in the app, and anytime I click on "saved videos" it does the same thing. I don't know why it has to be so annoying and crash every single time
This mid video ad garbage needs to stop.NOW.
Yeah boyssss
Took my iPad down overnight. iPad battery status indicated FB used 83% of power in the background. Turned background off
I have an iPhone 6s Plus. I noticed my battery was draining very fast. I pulled up my battery info in settings.... this app alone was eating up over 50% of my battery !!!
Stop trying to sell nothing and let Me scroll through my feed ffs 
It’s a good app but the problem is with the iPhone X it always makes the status bar up top with the battery and time slide to the left always
I can’t believe Facebook things ads in the MIDDLE OF VIDEOS IS OK!!!!! Screw your Facebook!!!
Please fix.
The app has been crashing when I open it (hangs on the screen where it tries to load the News Feed), started doing this yesterday 1/2/2018
I have no gif option. I have iPhone 6s. Is that the reason? I have latest FB update.
There’s a bug that needs to be fixed were it won’t load the comments and freezes up
After All this updates I still have the old user interface. Why ?   I’m using iPhone X with latest firmware iOS 11.2.1 and Facebook version 153.0 
They send out updates every 2 weeks just to use up space in ur phone! It’s the biggest app I’ve got and I’ve got 130. Apps are getting paid by phone makers to send junk updates every 2 weeks to fill ur phone up so u will have to buy new phones. They can’t even tell u exactly what’s in updates. FRAUD!!
With each and every update, y’all make things worse while pretending to make it better for people. Facebook is back to allowing three stories in my news feed before it gives me the dreaded spinning circle, pretends to load and never does. Your app has 3 stars for a reason. It’s probably an indicator to actually listen to people’s issues with the app rather than making up your own ideas, you think people would be interested in.
Too many Ads!!! It’s not facebook anymore. You can’t enjoy even a single video.
This morning, the app started crashing when attempting to do anything requiring it to refresh. Refresh notifications, crash. Refresh front page, crash. Developers, please fix.
I deleted the FB app. Use it from the Chrome / Safari browser instead, works MUCH better! Biggest battery guzzling app!!! 
Crashes when trying to upload live pics iPhone X
I logged out my Facebook app and CV any log back on. I had to reset my password and they have yet to send me my code to validate my acct. I've emailed them and used the app to retrive a code to no avail. This is frustrating and I do not want to start a new acct. There should be a number to call that way I know someone actually cares enough to help 😡
This app tracks your what you do online in order to package you as a product for advertisers. No thanks.
Enough with the friggin ads already. Stop supplying unwanted interests also. Just because a friend posts a picture of their baby doesn’t mean I’m interested in buying a new breast pump or researching daycare.   I get more ads than posts from feeds and that’s ridiculous. 
There needs to be a way to mark all notifications as read instead of having to click each one. This option is available on the website, and it needs to be incorporated into the app.
Since I upgraded to iOS 11, I still get alerts as normal. But when I go to the post where there’s a new comment I was alerted to, no comments can be found. I’ve done the force close and restart the app but still no comments. I go to my desktop browser and the comments show up instantly. Worse than that is it seems to be random. I see some comments on some posts but no comments on others. The only reason I think this may be is that the ones I see comments are on my timeline whereas the ones I don’t aren’t on my timelines
I used to comment with pictures and gifs, but now that’s kind of blocked and just a @ appears on the right side of the comment chart, that’s definitely not cool. I hope next update fixes that 
All of a sudden when I tap on a “commented on your post” notification, the link doesn’t take me to the comment itself, just another type of notification. This is a huge PIA - please fix it!
اغطاء موجودة
I had a Facebook account a couple years ago, and it had me put my phone number in, so I did, then I deleted it, now I keep getting texts in my messenger and I don't think they'll ever end, it's pissing me the hell off, I keep thinking someone actually texted me, so I check my phone, and it's just a GODDAMN FACEBOOK MESSAGE😤😡
Ads....
Jan-2018: videos no longer expand to full  Nov-2016: saved posts disappear  Aug-2017: Commercials keep playing audio after you leave a video. 
Fb is crashing suddenly!! Using iphone 8 plus running iOS 11.2.1!! 
The apps is almost 1GB; it is always the first app in the list of storage usage, and except for the browsing data, there’s no way to clear other data from the app
I can't get into my account because I can't remember my password and I can't reset it
I like FB for the most part. Groups are great. I don’t even mind the ads. It’s also great for keeping photos...when I can access them. See, for about a month I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO ACCESS MY PHOTO ALBUMS FROM THE APP!!!  FB, please please fix that. Ty. 
It would be fabulous if there was a way to mark/tab where you are on your news feed. If you have to leave FB to check a message, when you come back, it takes you to the top of your news feed and you have to find your spot again. It would be so nice if you could hold that spot and return to it at a future time. There are also so many ads that it’s hard to get through the newsfeed in a reasonable time
What a pain and worthless app. Loads 10 posts and all you get is the spinning thing.
It’s getting really annoying to watch the videos on Facebook.  I was getting ads “sponsored” between posts, but lately I get ads in the middle of videos and it’s really annoying. I just skip the ad and move on with the next post.  Ads in videos are really annoying, why should I support business promoting in video? Duh?? 
Crashes instantly. I never even get on. I'm using an iPhone. I'm getting aggravated because Facebook is how I keep in touch with people all over the place. Especially on my phone. Please fix this now. I can't access my saved things now. It instantly crashes when I try. 
When I tried to post a comment, it said "Sorry, this feature isn't available right now." It has continued doing this, & the app is up-to-date. Not to point out the obvious...but commenting is one of the most basic features of Facebook--& has been since it began (it is, after all, a social media site).
App does not fit my IphoneX properly.
This app Crashes severely . I am tired of getting on and it goes out . I am also tired of messenger telling others when I am on the phone.
The latest version of the Facebook app has caused birthday and friends notifications to not work. I get the notification, but when I click on the link to respond, I get the following - “Can’t connect, this link doesn’t seem to be working”. This is an iPad issue for me. Notifications work fine on iPhone. The low rating is for that issue only as I primarily use Facebook on my iPad.
Horrible
This has been an issue for a very long time. I prefer having my news feed set at most recent. I have to go in and update this EVERY time I open the app. This setting also keeps moving. I liked when I had a choice of which one was default. Lately it's not even loading my most recent feed.  Also, I've reported this issue before, but I'm not getting my close friends update even though the setting is turned on.   Edit: still an issue with updates 
What do I have to do in order to get all the fun newer status backgrounds that Facebook has to offer?  I’m up to date with the latest updates/software but still only have the pink hearts, tropical island and other boring colors!  Please help.
Hey facebook, STOP BLOCKING ME FOR NOTHING!! I share posts from a radio show I listen to and this is the third time you blocked me for 30 days! If the fcc allows it, I’m pretty sure it’s safe enough for Facebook, and secondly why not block the source? IDIOTS
FB would be well advised to improve the existing platform rather than trying to come up with some new and useless bell & whistle. Not responsive to reports of problems.
FB is the worst. They don't care about people one bit. They post porn and other garbage. It is only used for bullying others and Harassing them. It is the worst of any social media.
It used to work just fine but now it crashes a lot and shuts down frequently.
Need to fix iphoneX the time and battery and signal sometimes shifts to the side and won’t move back unless reset app
Nasty people who do not like you. Send hints your way. People you have never been friends with just a friend of a friend. Fix it!
Every update this app gets more dumb. Now I can’t find a way to view my profile as it would look to someone who isn’t my friend. Dumb app keeps getting worse and worse.
Hey here’s a novel idea. An option to attach a photo from the FB photo albums rather than defaulting to the photos on the iPhone. Wont hold my breath.
Facebook lacks the ability to even control the customers access also and to being hacked by all types of assaults without notice via text from administrators
Why when making a comment on a post does it take you back to the beginning of your feeds ..... aggravating!
Can’t even manage my business or personal profiles properly... the birthday page doesn’t even load and much more... I have the latest iPad and I find it pretty sad that Facebook devs aren’t keeping things up to at least functional standards...
When you look at someone’s friends list it keeps jumping back to the top of the list. Very annoying.
I have an IPAD2, did recent "update" for Facebook. Now my Facebook, Google Imaps, and Google earth is locked up "waiting"! Can't delete app, did restarts, .....??? I hate UPDATES!
Way too many ads but I’m sure the video we click on still gets the view notification just for being clicked on but as soon as the ad comes in I’m already moving on and not watching the video anymore. Another thing, why can’t I post a gift in a reply part of my comment? Someone says something and I wanna post a dr evil riiiiiight gift and I cannot lol please make it to where we can post gifts where ever we like but yea the ads have to go.
You guys are doing a great job at keeping me off of facebook. I hardly am on it anymore because everything I click on has a long add! It’s so unbelievably frustrating that soon I wont even have a facebook because I can’t stand all the adds and spam!
Just scrolling a bit and it crashes constantly. Fix this mess
Why is this app draining so much battery since the beginning of time what’s it doing ? And optimize for the iPhone X already the time is cut off at the time and signal only thing you see is the battery. Catch up Facebook
I wish my newsfeed was in real time. It’s so annoying to see posts 3/4 days later because it’s full of ads and BS posts.  Where is the old Facebook? 
A few marketplace ads pop up on Facebook and when I click on ‘see all’ it crashes every time.
I am so unhappy with how "refined" my feed has become. I only see maybe 10 friends and pages, I follow, in my feed. I'm on FB to stay connected to friends, family and clients but I miss so much. It's also so much of the same. My feed used to be so diverse and fun but it's the same stuff over and over and I'm losing interest.
I used the Facebook app daily with little to no problems (save for the occasional crash)... until now.   I’m have the most recently released iOS, and I’m using an iPhone 6s Plus. I click on the Facebook icon and it opens for a split second, only to crash. I haven’t been able to use the app for more than a week.  I’ve done all the troubleshooting on my end that I can... your move! Please release a fix. 
Latest update is glitchy on the top of the screen and shifts time/WiFi signal out of the viewing area.
Had to delete the app due to my phone updating which my won't even do it keeps saying I need to be connected to internet which I am alway connected to 😑. But when trying to re download the app it's says the app is unavailable for install at this time. 😑 apple is really starting to get ignoring
DO NOT UPDATE, It's full of bugs, loads slow, freaks out at times. It gets worse with any updates. FB is screwing themselves. When someone comes up with a different format y'all are screwed 
Constantly lacks normal peoples’ accounts and refuses to help but can’t stop live streaming murderers.
I'm so feel bad about showing 9+ Notifications FB on iPhone.
If you are unhappy with the type of ads that pop up, that’s your own fault. The ads are based on what you’re looking up. And before you say that’s invading your privacy, it’s in the terms of the app. Not the apps fault you didn’t actually read it. Oh well. *sigh*
So on the Facebook app, one cannot access Facebook, messenger. I wonder why ............
You guys where good but now u really mess it up. Now watching a video right a middle of it now has to stop just ti show an add what in the world...  Seriously is a total screm up. 
Why? Because i hate the ads on the videos almost every 5 secs and besides that it doesn't even let me put a profile video pic something like that
Don’t get me wrong I like FB. A lots of people like FB. But my problem is even though Apple do the update for the app my fb app is still the same (outdated). When I compare it to my husband’s page it is totally different. When I tried to edit my profile it’s still say “Edit About” when my husband page says “Profile Info”. I won’t show what is it about me when I go to my page. Is it not all the fb apps get a new version/update!???  PLEASE DO THE NEW VERSION OF THE APP!! 
So many things wrong with this app, I dread using it. I only do so as a last resort.
Take off the stupid ads. It messes up the videos I’m trying to watch. I also don’t care about half of the ads you guys have.
It never shows up with my other aps! On the front of my iPhones where Messenger  and the other apps show up!
Disappointed.  Very disappointed.  App virtually will not let you view feed as most recent, and if you’re trying to view a group’s feed as most recent, forget about it.  Most recent first is literally how our brains consume information.  FB instead prefers to sift and literally “feed” us the info they want us to have.  Facebook is becoming very Orwellian, and I doubt I’ll be a user much longer unfortunately.
That is all.
Stories bar at top of app is a waste of space, and you can not disable.  Once someone post one, it just sits there forever with no easy way to delete.
Yea, I open the app just to get crashed, so I can't even get to the app.
Since the update I can’t open Facebook on my iPhone.
I have always kept my app up to date. But for whatever reason I cannot access the marketplace on Facebook. If I try to click on the ad for it it completely crashes my app. Maybe you should make them all the same since my husband has the same phone and app version as me and has had marketplace since it came out. It’s so annoying and makes me want to delete the app.
Please bring back the ability to block content from appearing on your Wall that used to be in Settings for Facebook Groups and Friends on Facebook too...
Can't access the files section like I used to. I click on view group info, click on files, then when I choose one it goes right back to the main page. This is only on the iPad version.    The iPhone version has a menu right on main FB page that allows direct file access.  Why not do the same with the iPad version?  Please get this corrected... 
I at least allow mad a default to open links in my browser of choice. It pisses me off when I m trying to read a post that is a link to a site and then this ad takes over my screen saying I won something, etc.  When I take the additional step to open the link in safari this does not happen.
I get that the ads in the news feed probably are not as effective but honestly the content on Facebook are not worthy of having ads tacked on to them. It is insane that I have to watch a 15 second ad on a 30 second video. It is honestly driving me away from Facebook. I have been moving toward Snapchat (where you can skip ads) and instagram (FB owned, but it doesn’t auto play over videos).
Why is it that we have all these 200+megabyte updates to "improve" our service?  What are they doing??  I don't see ANY improvement whatsoever.  Why not just fix the one part they need to "improve " instead of having to download the entire app again?  Their programmers are lazy and or incompetent!  Facebook really stinks! 
I don’t want anyone to be able to look up my phone number !! I don’t care who I’m friends with I don’t want them to be able to look it up either! Why did you guys remove that option, it needs to be changed back
Each “update” seems to bring more things I don’t like. As a stay at home mom I often need to set my phone down and come back to something later. It’s impossible to keep my place in my newsfeed anymore because you feel the need to show me the same friends status update from 3 days ago that I’ve seen a dozen times already or remind me of my own “memory” for the tenth time that hour. What’s most annoying though is when something as simple as replying to a text kicks me back to the top of the newsfeed. Can you please for the love of god fix that!  As we get older and see friends and acquaintances less I miss the days where you used to actually see current status updates from your friends, instead of the same dozen posts from days before. My timeline pretty much only consists of posts that people I don’t know are making in groups I’m in, Facebook asking me if I want to be friends with people who I have ONE mutual friend with (no thank you), and ads. After my initial morning newsfeed scroll I definitely don’t spend much more time browsing throughout the rest of the day because it’s all the same stuff. Maybe I’m in the minority, but I wish you guys put more time and energy into what Facebook used to be instead of trying to turn it into Snapchat and YouTube and PayPal. 
I hate the way searches in groups are now. If I go to a specific group and search for something, I don’t want results From marketplace or anywhere else. Also, it won’t show the texts posts anymore, only the sell one. This is incredibly irritating when I’m looking for information.
Gives a forum for trolls to make awful comments. Worse yet Facebook allows and even encourages vile groups like BLM and isis allowing pages calling for assasinations and deleting right wing orientated material. If you’re conservative prepare to be banned and censored while others have no issues.
The app is not compatible with the width of the iPhone screen because I can’t see the time on my phone, which is really irritating. Fb needs to fix the app to see the time on the screen. I have erased the app and re-downloaded and still to avail.
All I see is Ads on my timeline now and I miss important things b/c Ads are in the way.
Why, when I scroll thru someone else’s friend list -looking for a particular individual name, does it continue to jump back to the letter A?  Maddening.
Too many adds, prevents you from wishing happy birthday to multiple friends, doesn’t get rid of pages that post fake news, and the list goes on!
Doesn’t mean it’s a good app. They’ve had no business model the entire time, besides lots of users and annoying ads.
😡😡app is stock
Come on, any decent app or web media site lets you sort reviews by date or score or both— again, are you guys stuck back in 2005?
You will continue to use Facebook and you won’t delete your account, you need it because you wouldn’t be able to coupe without it! I deleted this service the moment it became public, best decision ever! Now I see all of you trying to compete with the rest of your friends! You live a life to show others but not a life for yourself!! So stop crying and if you really hate this app just delete it!! But in reality you won’t because you depend on it!!
Buffering videos constantly
Hey developers, I’ve been the using Facebook app for a while and I notice I can’t use my iPhone 7 Plus landscape with this app. I think that would be an incredible update especially for the bigger size iPhones
Can you make it so that you don’t have to click on the news to remove the notifications. Every time someone goes live you have to click on it to remove the notification. Not everyone wants to see who is live. Thank you
i’m not social analytics but it’s olly read fact for me. if not facebook is what it is, we already had  been in the global war. i’m glad that you are arena for non fifth ical global war
Ads and pointless non-chronological notifications are SUPER stupid. Please un-fu€kulate with a much needed update. Rant over.
I absolutely hate that I can no longer search through group pages to find specific posts. You “can” search on the page, but it is a complete mess and you have unrelated posts from separate pages pop-up. Ugh, wish I could uninstall the update.
Time disappears in top left corner of iPhone X version of the app it really annoying
Tired of phantom notifications..... Tired of automatically being forced to follow things..... Why can’t the timeline be in chronological order???? 
Crap
Even though I turned off background app refresh, this app keeps doing things in the background and draining my battery!!!!  This is an abuse of resources!!!!
This is possibly the slowest app I use on my phone. Moreover I need to download one more separate app to be able to chat???
Everywhere cameras. Killing my phone. They do it on purpose for sure.
For some reason Videos do not play good on Facebook.  It did after I updated but now it’s back to how it was.  They keep glitching.
Pues la pasamos divido pero no puedo encontrar mis recuerdos en Facebook
You'd think Facebook would look at their app rating and actually fix the things people have been complaining about all these years. Well it's the same stuff... glitches, saying I have new notifications when I actually don't, crashes.
Dreadful app.  Just pathetic.
Facebook needs new tools, one should include a tool where we can delete more than one picture.
This app is right back to being what it was before it was “fixed” several years ago - a bloated, ad-riddled disaster.   Routinely get the “no stories to show” error on the news feed, and you know what? While that’s frustrating, it’s better than seeing ad after ad or trying to watch videos only to have an ad start in the middle of the video.   It’s also a resource and battery hog, and is a whopping 250MBs - why?   Hot garbage. Uninstalled and won’t install anymore - I’ll stick to the browser where I can block all the extra garbage. 
Every time I click a video to go full screen  and go to close it, the dark background lingers and my whole time like is super dark.
Perfect WiFi signal and perfect service, videos ONLY buffer on Facebook.
It's horrible the amount of advertisements exposed on Facebook. I hate that. I only use it to talk to relatives and friends. If the next generation social network offers more privacy and less advertising I will not hesitate to abandon Facebook.
If I can’t read my Facebook Messenger inbox messages from the Facebook mobile app, then why am I getting notified about Facebook Messenger messages in/on my Facebook mobile app?   Facebook developers...if we have to use the two apps independently, then shouldn’t the apps operate independently? I don’t need to see Facebook Messenger app notifications in/on my Facebook mobile app. Is there a way to turn off the Messenger notifications in the Facebook mobile app? 
I have my Facebook sighted in to my games and messenger but once in a while it would tell me that someone is using my account and there is a security problem when I have Facebook only to family and friends and I have my family on there and my girl friend so I don't know what is happening and it's pissing me off 😡😡😡😡😡😡I cant text my gf or get the game bonus and if tells me to send a photo I don't know what it wants and I don't tell and one my password or email so do something please I am kicked out like every month literally I can't get in now that's why I am texting this today so please do something update Facebook for glitches or something I can't be left like this 😡😡😡😡😡😡 thank you and send a response soon please.
This is the third time reloading app due to opening app causes the app to shutdown and crash. And now the latest version of iOS and Facebook no longer sync events and birthdays into the Apple calendar.
Something is wrong with the app. 12/31/17 It is frozen every time I touch it. I have to close the app and open it again but does the same thing. Fix please!
I would like a real answer how I am block from Facebook I don’t do anything wrong please help me with this please sir really mad as hell about this sir need answers to my question that sir
Are they ever going to update the app for iPads? So confusing to use.
I can not wrap my mind around how they thought this was a good idea.  I literally swipe away from a video the second I see "ad about to play". They're timed to awkwardly and just cut up the flow of videos, and most of the videos shared on Facebook are like 1-2 minutes long, no way in hell im watching a 30 second ad to find out of the dog hits the dude in the junk or not.
I hate the fact Fb doesn’t allow you to use a nickname. I also find it creepy every time I talk about something an ads pops up on my timeline as if someone tapping into my phone. A lot of features I dislike hopefully Facebook improvement in the future because Snapchat is becoming more popular & much more entertaining than Facebook.
Always crashes after the last update for both Fb and iOS 11.2.1!!
Every time I click on a story there are lots of ads. Too many ads clutter the page. It’s very hard to read a story when ads are blocking the page or constantly loading. Please do something about this. It’s very annoying!
Facebook is now basically a spam platform. You can’t get rid of the marketplace icon, you now have to have their messages app, and they are pushing developer pages. Not to mention there are ads in the middle of their videos now. It’s extremely frustrating for all of us that remember how much better Facebook used to be.
It used to work fine but every time I use it it freezes lame
They had violated my privacy rules,  so I’m ending the association! *Goes Smash Some glasses within the prank app* 
It honestly amazes me with all the billions of dollars Facebook has that they can't find somebody to properly code this application. It is buggy can't even stay open when attempting to play a video and it's built-in browser used to be able to do this. If I could give it zero stars I would.  To add injury to this insult the app constantly keeps readjusting the top bar on the iPhone X to the left so you can’t see all the system icons. 
Honestly the ads were annoying before the update, but thats the price you pay for a free app. Now ads are being spliced into videos instead of being shown before hand. This is extremely frustrating and completely ruins the flow of a video. This may be the last straw before i do away with my facebook.
This app, whenever it wants to decides to lock my account and not let me react to anything, this is the second time this has happened and I had to change my password both times. This is just awful and disappointing
Facebook is growing more and more an ad platform with an endless stream of stupid videos meant to grab your attention. The lack of actual quality content from your social network is horrific.
The ad algorithm on videos is literal aids. This is why Facebook is dead to the youth. I think there should be a whole roll over of employees and fire all the idiots who make some of these ideas. -Drewsus
Latest update has the search feature all messed up!
I don’t know some how marketplace is disappeared from my fb app. I have sent multiple requests to support none of them were replied back. It’s frustrating
Ever since the last update, when I refresh it tells me to add friends or no stories available. Please send a fix for it.
How can I delete an App and then add one---my Apple is way different than my Samsung.!
I used to have friends. Now I have “friends.” It’s starting to feel strange, outsourcing my social life to a faux-utopian (fautopian?) Silicon Valley corporation. It’s getting harder to justify this Faustian bargain we’ve all made. Remember last year when they threw the election for Donald Trump? That was weird. I don’t know if I wanna be here anymore. What is life?
This app keeps getting worse.  Fix the search function for groups.
If you have any issues with flashing avoid this app.  I was wonder why I was getting headaches every time I opened Facebook and looked at photos that friends post.  The photo will flash each time I scroll to the next one. Please make this stop,  I can’t look at photos anymore.
Interface must change
Every time you "push" People you may know, you entirely destabilize my iPad Mini 2.
I try to click on something and it kicks me our of the app 😡😡😡
I have two accounts with fb (personal & business) it’s a big inconvenience to log in & out of accounts all day to check post, please find a easier way like instagram with the drop down selection between accounts! Also it’s starting to look my like commercial fb with all the ads
Please fix this app. There are so many glitches. I'm new to FB and the use of this app is not user friendly. It took approvingly two weeks to get my account set up. That was only possible b/c I had to use my laptop instead of this app. This app told me I was disabled. I finally get set up and this app is not syncing/updating with correct info therefore still not allowing me to use any of my other devices. Needless to say using this app has been a very frustrating experience.
Been a bug in this app since launch day with the X. When you watch a video in landscape and go back to portrait, you can't see the clock or battery icons. Complete garbage. Don't even get me started on messages being a separate app and not the bubbles like it used to be on ios/still is on Android. Doesn't make any sense. Facebook is becoming less and less usable.
Facebook is good and all but the videos look crazy on the iPhone X
Full of ads and Russian trolls shilling for Trump.  If you’re a Trump supporter, you can literally say or do whatever you want without repercussion, otherwise you’ll pay the price.
To be honest there is nothing more annoying while watching a video on my newsfeed and some random ad starts to play. Facebook used to be great, now I barely want to go on it. Stop making changes that  no ones wants it !!
Is there a way to make the trending bar scroll separately from your feed? I like to review it and yet it always cuts off in the middle for me.
Facebook need to let me control the bottom short-cut or bottom tab. Please limited ads on my feeds.
Facebook’s app is horrendous.  Every time they fix all the bugs, make it work smoothly and people understand where everything is, they decide to completely overhaul the app and screw it all up.  Now it’s full of bugs, crashing and a new interface to figure out again.  STOP UPDATING THIS NONSENSE, NO ONE CARES.  FB in general is a turnoff nowadays because it’s full of advertisements and things no one cares about.
I used to love Facebook. It was beautifully simple. A great tool to stay in touch with family and friends. Not so much anymore. It’s become so bogged down with ads you can barely see posts from people you care about. Videos are now constantly interrupted with commercials. I’m now considering deleting my account with the social media site altogether. I’m sick and tired of being sold things all the time. Instagram and Twitter haven’t added mid video adds so they’ll become more of my focus. Facebook is a dying site now.
And the search functionality does not work within groups.
Mobile site has less ads, no ads between videos, doesn’t eat up 6gb of your phones space, doesn’t require you to use messenger, and is more stable overall
Not able to see comments during live video and not able to edit post. Please fix ASAP!!
Still no support for split view on iPad its long overdue. Also optimize for ipad pro 12.9, looks stretch 
This worked fine for years but suddenly over the last week the app is just broken. It won’t show new stories, keeps giving me errors there are none and won’t show timeline, and the timeline just won’t update properly. Nothing changes for a day or two. Had to delete and reinstall 3 times, reboot phone and still doesn’t fix problems. Completely dead and won’t work anymore. Right now this app is useless.
I can’t access my account anymore because I don’t receive the verification code. Nothing helps and I don’t know what to do anymore.
You know an app is bad when I decide to open the App Store just so I could write a bad review. Usually if an app is bad I just delete it and move on. But here I am deciding to take time out of my day to tell you all how terrible this glitchy, slow, freezing app is. LOL
iPhone X Facebook live streaming cannot do landscape mode as a host. I don’t think I did anything wrong. Please advise as soon as possible.
After I updated it run so slow when I opened app please check it? Thanks
I have reported some abusive users on this app that was either cyber bullying me or my friends and Facebook doesn’t do anything about it. But when ever I stood up for myself against a hate speech they block my profile for 3 days. Also, there are too many adds. Facebook when are you going to actually get everything under control? You do NOTHING to fight against cyber bullying. Hell Instagram does a way better job. I’m no longer using Facebook. 🖕🏻
fix this piece of  They have not been able to help me get a new password to my account as I would like some pictures of my 90 year old father for his birthday. I was being stalked in 2015 and had to deactivate my account. They send a six digit code to your phone or email and direct you back to their page to type in this code. Well. Jokes on us, folks. Every single time you type it in it’s an “Unknown Error”. There’s a reason I’ve always called it FarceBook.
Facebook has turned into pile on ads and memes, and hence complete garbage from what it had started.
Please fix the live recording or get rid of it. Sometimes when you accidentally open it. It will not close. I have to delete the app and reopen it. Correct the errors before you add additional features.
And your mad for what
There are definitely more ads than there used to be. And they’re targeted? I know this isn’t a new technology but it has become all the more annoying. I have become the most annoyed with watching videos. They NEVER seem to fully load. And even when it seems like they’re loaded, they will start buffering again in the middle of it. 🙄 Somehow even with how annoying Facebook has become I still keep coming back.......help me!!
Comments aren’t loading and it’s very annoying to reset your whole phone to see a comment on your post. Especially when you’re the admin of a group
I’m watching a two minute charity video, then Wells Fargo rides in at the 60-second mark for a 15-second ad. This is insane. Visual ads? Fine. Long videos having ads at the beginning? I guess. But a fifteen or thirty second ad in the middle of a two minute video? No. 
They update the app often but it never seems to get any better. Scrolling has become choppy in the news feed and within the browser, if you scroll fast and try to stop, it keeps scrolling. Now ads play in the middle of a video. Screw You Facebook that’s got to be the worst F-U to users I can think of. I’d rather it just play first.  We are in iOS 11 and Facebook still does not have rich notifications or a landscape mode for larger iPhones. How about enhancements to the user experience instead of revenue?
I made this one short. Fix the notifications, I receive absolutely no notifications from my app when closed.
I mean you can chat with friends see what there doing
The app seems to get confused on the iPhone X and doesn’t show the time, battery, or signal strength because it pushes it off screen/out of view/cuts it off.
Yay Facebook on iOS - I can keep up with my friends online!  However, I’ve seen this app take up 500 megabytes. For someone who only has 10gb for photos and videos, I cannot put up with an app that provides no way to delete cached data. Please fix this. 
Did you know you use 34% of my battery. Could use some changes. Not like it’s Maps. Others then that love it.plus why does face does Facebook use 314.1 MB not data, on iPhone when actually it’s original use is 250MB ?
Ok let me start out by saying my account was hacked a month or so ago so I signed up for the two factor authentication to help secure my account even more, but my phone broke and I had to get a new one and sign in on it. Facebook wouldn’t let me into my account without verification with a login code which would have been fine, but they never sent the code even though I tried multiple times. Not to mention there’s no one that can really help you with this type of situation because they don’t have customer service the only thing they have is a Facebook community center which is just a bunch of people posting their problems. Get it together Facebook.
Facebook seems to be extremely slow I have no idea why but it is very slow on my iPhone 6s everything is running smooth other than that but the app is slowing The Facebook exploring it not functioning well.
I'm enjoying the game
Facebook messy asl
Ever since the most recent update, my news feed won’t load completely. It hangs up once I scroll to bottom of the most recent feeds and it won’t load any additional posts. Super annoying.
Wasn't on Facebook till recently. I've noticed before no problems whatsoever but as soon as I started to use Facebook I received notifications of someone trying to use my Apple account in a foreign country. It's been several attempts to access my Apple account. It all started when I created a Facebook account. Stay safe people  Update*** Facebook is just an ad fest! Every video has an ad and every other post is an ad... Zuckerberg got greedy made more money on adds and now seems to have ruined Facebook same way he ruined Instagram. 
I can’t stand all the ads that keep coming up. It’s bothering the crap out of me.
Whenever I scroll through other videos all that I see are live videos🙄
For a company like Facebook, it is not just too much , it is just too embarrassing to have these number of malfunction.
The app is out of focus and needs updated ASAP
Ever since the net neutrality thing, I’ve noticed that Facebook has been upping the amount of ads. I get an ad nearly every video I try to watch. If I see the ad thing coming up, I just leave the video. How can this be good for your users?? It deters people from watching videos! Giants like Facebook should focus more on creating a good experience for their users, not just trying to squeeze every last penny out of them. Don’t bite the hand that feeds you!
This App is a battery killer for iPhone. I had to take it off.
I’ve used the Facebook app for years on both Android and iOS. I uninstalled it today and will not reinstall until the app addresses the numerous pop ups stating ‘You’ve Won’. It’s not a problem with my phone or tablet, it’s a part of the app.
Besides changing the overall look and feel of the app and making post harder to find in general, version 153.0 effectively broke comment notifications.   When you receive a notification that someone has commented on a post you’re following, instead of taking you to the new comment it takes you to the original post with no comments shown. To see the new comment you have to navigate to the page where the post was made, refresh the page so you’re not seeing posts from yesterday, scroll down to find the post, then click on comments to see the replies.   Basically, the FB is saying there’s a new reply, but we’re not going to let you see it.   In groups that have frequent replies to timely threads, this is a compete fail.   Why notify me that there is a reply if you’re not going to show the reply??? 
I totally agree with you Bella9613.  They started going downhill after the update. I'm disappointed as well. 
Got a new iPad and when you try to read an article it will not open. You have to close the app and reopen it before it will work.
Facebook has been very extremely crappy big time! Each time you do updates, it get worst and worst, so sick of it! After today I'm deleting Facebook app off iPad and iPhone  It's worthless. Also Facebook messenger is messy up badly! That's also going to be deleted! 
Every time I go to click on a link, the app crashes. Please fix this. Thanks.
Facebook is so confusing to me! Why do you not have any telephone number for help?  B m 
I’m typing a reply, need to look something up in Safari, go back to Facebook, everything is gone, I’m at the top of my feed now. Rotten user experience design.    Other than that it’s decent. 
To many ads😡
Fix this mess of a app.  1st the app now says add friends and will not show my feeds.  2nd “ people you know” stop pushing people u think I know. I do not. Let me remove this option  from my feed. The see less button does not work 
Just writing this review because of all the negativity out there. People gotta stop complaining about minor issues for whatever reasons they might have. This app has been around for 10+ years and has certainly created a legacy in the social media space that's one of it's first kind.
I love this app, I know there are a lot of reviews saying it’s “bad” but I love it. Yeah I know that the way they put post on the news feed is a bit random but who really cares? Not me! And I know the “people you may know” feature may annoy you but guess what! You don’t need to look at it! Just ignore it. There are worst things in the world then the “people you may know” feature on Facebook. But if the few bugs it has and the weird features it has annoys you then just don’t get the app. All good things come with a price!
There’s ads everywhere. It’s annoying. The worst of the lot is when a video ad pops up right in the middle of watching something. I hate ads but what I hate more is how Facebook implements their video ads. There’s no warning. It’s the most jarring experience where I just want to yell out expletives every time it happens. I’d rather get a warning or watch the video up first like YouTube than get hit by an ad right in the middle of watching a clip. The team that worked on this, how could you think this would not be an annoying experience? It makes me think that all you care about is getting money for your ads and not about the user’s experience. That ad experience alone wants to make me delete the Facebook app.
You can’t watch a short video with out ads. What’s worse is every article you open has more ads and on mobile you can’t dismiss them and keep reading. Facebook is going down hill fast.
It’s annoying that it keeps asking me to describe myself and to add some feature photos in my bio at the top of my profile. I JUST WANT A SIMPLE A** PAGE DAYUMMM. Stop
App won’t allow news feed to show. It’s requiring access to phone contacts... I guess there’s no need to check the app anymore
It would be nice if users had the option to open articles in Safari by default instead of the built in browser.   At the very least, they could properly implement Apple’s share widget so users can save the articles to Pocket or other read later services 
Suddenly it stop working on my phone so many advertisements while watching any video? Can any one tell me why it is not supporting on iPhone 7+, 
Seems like the latest update went back in time . I can’t see exact number of people in my groups anymore . Every time someone just likes a post it says they reacted to it but they didn’t . The people you may know in the middle of your feed is annoying and has caused me to send unwanted friend requests . Then there is the freezing and occasional revert back to a real old version and have to log out and log back in .
I just added 2 friends on my Facebook now I am blocked from messaging them and there complete profile has dissapeared please help get my friends back this is is ridiculous and now I’m getting locked out of my account  Facebook system needs a better help assistant you can message to actually get issues resolved such as friends randomly disappear and neither party blocked the other WORST Social network ever FACEBook needs to be infected with a virus that will make it crash and a  new and better social network giant needs to rule 
The time and battery on my iPhone X cutout is shifted left. It is not aligned properly.
Facebook has become the bloated elephant in the delicate China store (never mind the lean but mean bulls).   1) it's such a memory hog on phones, in both hard drive space and RAM.   2) it's bloated with ads  3) it's very bias against minorities (read: it takes down posts by minorities while leaving up posts by the whites, even when it's the same subject matter)  4) it's easy for hackers to create fake accounts, using real people's info.  5) it's no longer a lean and enjoyable online experience   All in all, Facebook has ruined itself. The only reason I stay with it is to keep in touch with friends across the globe.  One day when a better platform comes along with a smaller memory footprint and better interface, Facebook will go the way of MySpace. 
Someone hacked my account and there is no live help come on.
My videos are lagging! They buffer constantly. I have iPhone 6plus and have the latest update! Please fix this!
I’d appreciate if you made it so on popular posts ONLY the top comments (the ones that everyone reacts to and likes) shows at the top of the comments on the post, I’m sick of having to scroll through thousands of comments to see funny, popular comments. Half the time people’s comments are funnier than the post itself. THANKS 🙄☺️
Ok. When I first rated this app, I asked to have an option to see my feed chronologically. Of course, FB thinks we need to be subjected to news curated by an algorithm instead of personalized by us. The new feeds are just a mess. What algorithm thinks I still need to see stories from Sunday on Thursday? Really, I’d just prefer a Twitter-like feed on this app. Just stop with the creepy AI and crappy algorithms already. Let me set my feed to "Most Recent" and LEAVE IT THAT WAY! This is the way I want to see my feed. I use FB for me, not for Facebook.
Scrub
I understand that ads sorta have to be there but for the love of god stop putting them half way in to a video. It is the most annoying thing I’ve experienced in social media
It try’s to log me into other peoples accounts. I’ll just have to use the website
Facebook has logged me out of my account twice in one week.  I tried to log back in and it tells me they have disabled my account!  This is crazy!!!  I’ve been trying to contact them through my husband page but they still haven’t returned our messages!
Anyone else having problems with reading the comments now on posts when it alerts you?
It keeps logging me out of my account and into my daughters account and its on my phone
Can’t use sticker, photo, or videos comments on all post. Only @ sign appears and ask to tag a friend. WTH? 
So many pop Ups! And no way to get rid of them unless you back up and then half the time you lose the story you were reading! I don’t want an amazon gift card or a Walmart or anything else! If your gonna let those in give us a way to decline them!
Log me out of every account. Totally disappointed with the rigidity of working with Facebook
Look Facebook. I see way to many advertisements in my news feed. And you are creating even more space by inserting advertisements into even MORE videos. STOP. Just STOP. It’s getting so bad that I DON’T want to use your app anymore to keep up with friends, family, and the world. Scale it back. Seriously. If While watching a video an advertisement starts I move on before the interrupting advertisement even loads. It’s my little boycott of this method. I was hoping your super algorithms would catch on and deliver less video interrupting advertisements, however those algorithms appear to be delivering MORE video interrupting advertisements. So just STOP.
Facebook used to be a fun place to scroll through, now ads, suggestions, new friends to consider... just stop it all!! I wish there was an alternative, I find in spending more time on Instagram now
There is no rhyme or reason for the order in which updates show up. Even hitting the Most Recent doesn’t help at all. I don’t want to see posts from three days ago.
Since the last update all videos have been lagging
I do not need the indvidual comments to be so large. Leave that to individuals to change.
My Facebook page doesn't even work. I can't scroll up or down move anything on my iPhone. All the ads are ridiculous all the people I don't know that you want me to befriend are ridiculous. Don't be surprised if I try to cancel you out soon! But I hear that's near impossible anymore. You have just gotten way too big too much authority I don't like that. So with all that said and my Facebook doesn't work it doesn't mean anything to me anymore. The only thing I like about Facebook is keeping in touch with family and friends. Nothing else. I used to have a lot of fun with it not !anymore.☹️😡 i'll leave this here but I can't even send it what a bummer
My facebook is stuck on the old version  Please can u help me solve this problem ? 
When you download pages with a lot of information, the application is disabled!
Too many ads problem and timeline sorting is poor.  I see just the posts of groups and personal posts are seen less 😒😒. News feed preferences should be based on the equal basis rather than frequently visited groups. (We visit and like posts in the feeds so if we get too many group posts in feeds we just interact with them and the personal stuffs are seen less. We need groups but we see just the stuffs from groups that’s the unwanted thing.  Notification tab is kinda vague in the last update. Before it was well managed and chronologically arranged. Now, if we turn off notification about any posts; that’ll come again and again in the tab. Closing of turned off notification is also kinda vague.  Upset 😠 by the last update. Hope Facebook will manage the problem soon. 
It took me about 40 tries for it to recognize my name then it kept glitching out and not letting me log back in. Finally it worked and I started to friend the people Ik and every other post there was an ad. I would give 0 stars if possible.
I️ can’t be bothered Keeps asking for my password! I️ put I️t in & I️t never works
The app it doesn't play automatic videos anymore only on wi-Fi,, every update is getting worse and worse,,
Facebook customer service is non- existent and horrible. I have been trying every way possible to get some help with my GUI just for my account not updating to the new look on top of not being able to access the new features everyone else has. I tried everything under the sun and it is just my particular account that is affected and not one person from facebook has reached out after repeated emails and reports i have reported. This is crazy how a problem i have had for over two months now still have not be resolved or at least replied to in this time. In the past i had a issue with another social media platform and reached out to them and within 48 hours they were contacting me thru email with solutions to my problem.
Even when I go to most recent posts it still doesn't show me the most recent ones. Update from a year later. It's still not fixed. Now my news feed won't even show up about half the time.... update still not working... is there another fb app that works?
This never used to happen but for the past year or so the Facebook app crashes over and over again when I’m trying to post pics to an album on Facebook! It crashes over and over and it takes me about 10 times or 1-2 hours to try to post 40 pics to an album! It’s really frustrating and a pain in the butt!!! I thought it was just my iPhone but my husband says it happens on his android phone too so it’s not the phones it’s the crappy app!! 👎😠
Close my app every 10 second what problem
This crappy app listens too your Microphone somehow and it’s annoying. I talked about how I wanted a new belt then I started getting ads for belts. I talked about getting a new phone case then I started getting ads for phone cases, Ect... ect... I know this wasn’t based on my web history because I’ve never bothered searching for them at that point. This is some 1984 Orwellian stuff right here.
Facebook is easy for people to hack. Facebook personnel don’t care when your account is hacked. My FB was stolen from me by a person who uses my pictures & they changed the name as I was trying to contact FB to report it. Their profile name is in a Middle Eastern language. FB said they see no suspicious activity. Pitiful!!!
Too many ads and post of no interest. Also you cannot efficiently block political profiles, especially those that are extreme right or left and post misleading information and titles. I also find it very intrusive to stop a video and display an ad.
This is easily one of the most frustrating applications that I use. When going to the websites of posted material, the app continuously re-loads - probably because of the complexity of ads that I am not concerned about. I seldom can read an article without being interrupted and end up going to my PC to read the article or view the video.   This has characterized this application from the very first download and through several iterations.   If the app is unable to completely load a webpage, how about simply pausing with a message at the bottom and allowing the user to decide what to do? 
App keeps on crashing when I click on the comments and start to scroll down it blacks out and goes to main screen
Facebook has the worst customer service and will not respond to anyone! Many people accounts have been disabled because it “violated” their terms. Facebook keeps asking for people IDs which I believe invades people privacy. There are so many fake accounts here and the only thing Facebook wants to disable are the real accounts.
I’m so fed up with this app. Comments don’t load....always stuck with a spinning wheel!
EVERY TIME i try to upload 40 live photos onto an album, the upload screen becomes very glitchy and then the app crashes.  After i try this 2-3 times, Facebook then proceeds to ban me from uploading photos bc of abusive behavior....  What???????  Please fix your app. 
FB deleted my account because I wouldn’t provide my personal information (picture of identification/ birth certificate). I’m not handing out government issues ID to a social networking site. There is no need for a social media outlet to have your personal credentials. Identity theft is higher than it ever has been.
Seriously no mater what you do on this app there’s ads everywhere so bad it crashes. Messenger the stupid apps ad keep popping up to download game if I want to message somebody I keep clicking the ad by accident. And remove video ads during mid roll playing. I don’t mind playing beginning but during video straight up annoying. I’m not longer using his app cause your sponsor is garbage. Every ad is about game apps..
I stopped to google something, my newsfeed refreshes.  I stop to switch to another app for 2 secs my newsfeed refreshes.  Stop to google something right before I comment under a picture, my newsfeed refreshes. Bruh. What’s the point of having no interval for the newsfeed to refresh? 
Every time the “designers” reimagine this app, they manage to release something less useable than the previous iteration.
Since getting the IPhone X i have been able to get on Facebook and have the main time/signal and battery bar on top to line up. Need an update for that seems it’s your software not compatible with the X
This application could be way better. It is slow when typing statuses for me always. Messaging suggests different things automatically when there is no need to. Dissatisfied with application overall.
I caint see the videos they stop every 2 secons i play a video on youtube and with no problems at all.
never have highlighted updates like it says you do
I use Facebook to communicate with work colleagues and Facebook suddenly locked me out and demanded a picture which was creepy. Would give 0 stars if possible.
I got this app last night and was enjoying it a lot. After about thirty minuets to an hour after creating an account it asked me to take a photo of myself so I did. After I took the photo it said it will have to review the photo before I could get back on. I looked it up and apparently this is a common problem for Facebook users right now, where Facebook users are disabled for no exact reason. I would really like for this problem to be fixed so that me and many others can get back on to Facebook.
Using the Facebook app on iPhone X, the time, battery icon and the signal bars are out of place. Would request the people at Facebook to sort it out.
STOP sending me notifications about marketplace!!!! If im interested, i’ll look!!!! It’s like FB gets their feelings hurt if I ignore them for a day..... 
The app constantly auto refreshes. I’ll start reading an article, leave to send a text or to do something away from my phone, when I come back the article is gone because the app has forced a newsfeed update.  The same happens with comment threads and videos I’m watching.   The app already has intuitive ways for users to initiate a news feed refresh.  I would greatly appreciate it if the forced refreshes would be removed.  It is beyond frustrating to be scrolling through my feed, reading an article, or watching a video only to have the app force a refresh if I put it down for a second.  I’m tired of having to search frantically for what I was looking at, and then realize that the app’s algorithm has removed the item from my news feed.
The Facebook app crashes my iPhone X all the time.
Even after turning off notifications for a post, if someone replays to my comment I still get notifications.  If I still wanted to know about the post..I wouldn't have said to turn off notifications! 
My notifications are going Off twice. On my lock screen and notifications   Please fix. So annoying reading the same Notifications twice back to back. 
Click on an article to read and within seconds you get a pop up that you can’t back out of.  You end up going back to the feed and the feed changes and you can’t find the article you were reading.  Why can’t the feed just stay where I last left it instead of changing to what Facebook wants me to see.
The app runs slow most of the time, and i do not have market place on my app even though ive downloaded it about 3 times
I m wringing review here and will be writing same review on other sites as well so I just deleted my Facebook profile and Facebook apps including messenger why ???? Reason because I get message from them that someone might have reported me or whatever because of my NAME and now they want piece of information such as my credit card bill bank statement official government state issued ID or my social security card or my health care card why because they want to verify my NAME so there's no way I m providing them any of my info for any reason my friends on Facebook know me who I m so I m not giving Facebook anything for any reason one last answer for Facebook and their team I m done with you so 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻 I hope they knows what this means F U 🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻
This app is horrible, the news feed is never in any type of order not even if you select the “most recent “ tab. After several updates it is still not fixed 
I currently see almost only posts from a few groups I follow on my feed. If I wanted to browse the group posts only I would scroll through the group. It’s almost pointless to go on my regular feed because I either only see group posts or the same posts over & over.
Videos with ads in the middle crash the app every other video. ._.
Advertisements in the MIDDLE of videos is both greedy and obnoxious. The audacity that this company has to make this change is unbelievable. If you don’t use the app already, I would recommend you stay away from it. This is a company that is totally ok with abusing its power.
I have an iPhone 8 and for the last few weeks after the last 2 updates a lot of stuff doesn’t work. When I get a notification that someone comments on something I click it and it goes to nothing. If that doesn’t happen then it says the post is unavailable. But I can access it if I scroll through my posts? I post links and it doesn’t attach the photo 75% of the time... lives don’t show comments half of the time and doesn’t show who’s on most of the time either. I run my businesses through fb and love it but it’s so much more work lately. Please fix this!
Facebook has so many bugs. Garbage.
App seems to be getting bigger and bigger . Deleted it. Done with this!!
After using the app for quite some time I decided to delete this app. I needed to close it after every usage and if I forgot, it would completely drain the battery from my new phone.
The app keeps crashing every time I click on a friend’s uploaded pictures.  And also, the I comes out as I️ ... 
Whatever update y’all gave the Facebook app, now when using the app the battery, Wifi, time, signal bars all shift to the left until I close the app....
I was uploading a video to Facebook only to get a notification that said I was temporarily banned from posting for "copyright issues". I uploaded the video in fair use. The music clip was under 30 seconds.
Pretty much what that says- in the past 24 hours, I’ve spent 1.5 hours on Facebook, and it’s eaten 54% of my battery life. I don’t allow background app refreshing, don’t allow pop up notifications, so it shouldn’t be eating up so much battery.  Seriously, Facebook developers, get your acts together and get FB to use less battery.
It doesn’t fit the whole screen on iPhone X, making it impossible to know the time, signal or battery of your phone. You can not reproduce on full screen the videos as you do on YouTube neither.
Why don’t you make the chat part in the facebook app not a seperate app like Facebook messenger???? Like on the desktop version why not merging these 2 apps 
FB App needs to be fully reviewed. A lot of glitches. Pics cannot be viewed. Crashing a lot. Wow it's getting worse with every update.
I wish they would include what they are addressing in the update. I will not be updating this app any further. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . "At the magic touch of the beautiful, the secret chords of our being are awakened. We vibrate and thrill in response to its call. Mind speaks to mind. We listen to the unspoken, we gaze upon the unseen. The master calls forth notes we know not of. Memories long forgotten all come back to us with a new significance. Hopes stifled by fear, yearnings that we dare not recognise, stand forth in new glory."  - KakuzÅ Okakura 
I have used Facebook for years. I hope Facebook engineers read the reviews. I am sick and tired of video buffering. I can even watch a video. All it does is buffer every 5 seconds. RIDICULOUS!!! YouTube and other streaming apps work fine only Facebook has the problem. I have tested it over and over again. Till the bug is fixed YouTube and Netflix it is.
For stalkers
Granddaughter and her two daughter
I’m getting really tired of all the pop up ads! I can’t even get through most posts anymore without and amazon pop up that takes over the post and Ivan never finish reading what I started. It getting way too annoying and I think I can find better ways to connect with my friends without all the hassle. Good bye AdBook!
Video player is barely fictional. Loads the first two seconds of the video and stops dead. Please fix. Even the ads are buffering.   I swear, y’all are taking mobile app lessons from Tumblr. 🙄 
Why do I HAVE to crop a profile picture? Why can’t it be like the desktop version and allow me set a full size profile picture. Seems like an easy fix :)
First, I never use marketplace and the tv show thing, why can’t I replace them with something else? Second, the right swipe is a camera, why? Third, separate friends and news also is a good option. Facebook is becoming more and more unbearable.
Sells your information to highest bidder , known to access your phone and is easily hacked mark zuckerberg is a idiot
Why the heck can a major company like Facebook not have a “mark all as read” button on their app? You do on the desktop. Why not on the app. It’s such an extremely annoying problem. Fix it!!!
It takes so much space on the phone ... They have turn it into Snapchat and let’s not mention all the ads that gets hammer into the app ... I wish it was lighter and not a big space drag.
they couldn’t care less about customer service, it’s an okay but you ever have a problem don’t except facebook to help or do anything about it, more frustrating than fun
I don’t know like the newsfeed since the last update.  I keep seeing the same exact posts  every time.  I know that people Post something knew in a 4-8 hour time Frame.  Please put it back the way it was. 
My friends and family doesn’t need to know what am i commenting or liking THER IS NO PRIVACY + whats with that NEW ANNOYING ADD STOP IT
The photos section of the timeline is frozen. I have restarted the app many times and it always freezes the app when I open “photos.”  Cannot open any albums or uploaded photos through this section and it freezes the whole app. Please fix.
Keep having to uninstall it due to pop up ads that won’t let me go “back”
I wish I could submit no stars for how many videos I don’t get to watch with all of the ads.
I had a nickname as my profile name that people call me in a daily basis, it then kicked me off the app and refused to let me get in unless I submitted my license. What the hell is that? I can’t have my own name because Facebook thinks it’s not okay? Then try to force me to put my personal information on? Are you kidding me? Forget Facebook I’m done. It’s dying anyway. No point in having it.
This app is awful; Instagram is 1,000,000,000% better. I can't believe how many glitches there are, and it's impossible to navigate. My entire feed is filled up with friend suggestions, and I don't know about 99% of the people it suggests. If you haven't already; do NOT get this app, SAVE YOURSELF! I rate this app -100 stars, but it won't let me pit that so.... Yeah. I could go on and on, but then the entire review section would be filled so I'm gonna stop here.
Stop turning on navigation sounds on every update.
Now when I get a notification and try to turn it off I don’t see the option. I have search and find the original post and then turn them off. This is stupid! Change it back!
I love face book for catching up with people,  but how come after the last update do I get comments that are out of order!  It’s hard to follow a conversation when the comment are not placed in order that they were left!!!
Why is Apple charging me for downloading "free "app..???
Too many advertisements
Every time I open a link from any of the pages I follow, the "congratulations, you have won, blah, blah, blah..." pops up. I clean the history and data, but it still does it. I have android as well and is not doing it with their app. Pity
I hate watching a video and then right in the middle it stops for an Ad to play. I just start scrolling and stop watching the video!! Please stop it is so annoying!!!
Facebook should have a night mode. Like twitter. Make it easier to look at @ 3am or so. Even @ 6am
A buggy and laggy app on ios 11. I run into scrolling issue again and again. Must quit app and restart. Need be fixed please.
Every time I try to go to the Facebook marketplace it closes me out of the app and has been doing this for months now
When I open the app, it works with me a few seconds and then closes automatically, and I can no longer access my account
Hey losers Ur telling me im obese ?? U don know wat U are talking about obes U are jealous im a Beautiful an U are not Ur just like A rat looking for A food !!!
app is old looking and needs a big redesign. It also crashes often for me lately
Comments first appeared disabled and after the latest update have just disappeared. What is going on?
Taking 30 minutes to 2hrs just to post my pictures!  Too many ads, And junk posts! 9:50 on 12/25/17 Fix this NOOOOOOOW🤯🤬😤😭😫 
Please fix the mobile issues for group pages. You can not view recent posts at all. Top posts are the only option. You can even go to the “About” section of the page and see the 3 most recent, and it has a part that says “View All” but does not allow you to click on it or make any sort of adjustment. This is very frustrating seeing as you can not view over 3/4 of the listings on most groups solely because of this problem.   Also, does a 3 minute video REALLY need 4 different ad interruptions? I get it, you guys want more money. But while Facebook may be free, you guys sure are making it more and more inconvenient for the users... 
OK my animation don't even work not even the congratulations or nothing no highlighted words to see the animation not nothing just black words and my color background don't work either and I have a iPhone 6 and my boyfriend have a iPhone 5 and his works good but mine don't what's up with that only animation that works is in the messenger and half of the time it don't even work im so  sick of it and I'm always updating Facebook but no animation can you fix this please thank you
This new FB app keeps freezing up on me and I have to keep exiting out and going back in to like, or post something.
Something wrong is going on, on the top part where you see the time and battery life while using Facebook
So this isn’t a huge deal, but it’s been going on for a week now and messing with my OCD. Anytime I get one notification, the badge icon says i have at least 9. I click on the app and it’s only the one or two. Why does this keep happening? Plz fix!
I would like to be able to turn this feature off. It's annoying to have to click on the bottom of every video to keep from auto playing the next one. The pop up on the bottom also blocks subtitles from the video you are watching so I can never understand what is being said at the end of the video when it's in another language.   I would also like an option where I can see which videos I have recently looked at. Far too often I accidentally click out of a video and can't find it again. 
Why is Face book asking me to keep changing my password even when I signed in from my location
How is it that all me location settings for Facebook have been turned off but they still track my location?? So I guess the settings on your phone and privacy doesn’t matter to them.
I used to enjoy Facebook now I wait 5 f**king minutes to watch 3 seconds of a video every since they started putting ads on the videos. I wouldn’t mind the ads if there wasn’t so many that it takes most of my bandwidth and slows down my phone.
Will not work on mobile data.  Only connects when connected to WiFi.
It’s terrible I don’t have the market place!!!!!!😡😡😡
I can't see well especially in the recommended words! I use this a lot!!! Would it be possible to make the print darker?!!! I would appreciate it more than anything!!! Why does Facebook turn off in the middle of a comment???!!! Now August 25-2017. My Facebook page is frozen!!!!! I hate when this happens to me!!! Please fix this App! My post are doubled!!! My comments are doubling!!!! This app is Terrible!!!!!!!!!! My posts are doubled!!!!!!!! What more can this crazy app do?!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Today- December-12-2017 my Facebook is frozen!!!! To many ads!!!!!!! My account has too many Ads!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It’s double commenting!!!!!!!!!! My daughter has tagged me and the post isn’t working!!!!!!!! 
In an era of “inclusiveness” and “diversity”, Facebook has become the bastion of hateful people, able to post vulgar and nasty comments about others who they know nothing about. We constantly hear about bullying and hate-speech and Facebook is the place it is found.  You must maintain a constant vigilant watch over your account for when other friends or family members “share” wonderful family traditions, they now become public knowledge and forums for haters to spew their biased and vulgar comments on how you choose to live your life.  This is especially common with the traditional conservative families.  Facebook blocks and censors all conservative viewpoints. Their “news feeds” (which is nothing more than HATE OTHERS that don’t have the same opinions) is not slanted left, but tipped completely to the radical biased liberal left. The only “news” is the hate-filled NYT, AP, or Reuters. There is never any other viewpoint to provide both sides of a news story in order to think critically about the world around us.  Facebook “news feed”is the propaganda machine of the progressive left.  And the comments are even more evident of “think our way or we will publicly destroy you...”  If you believe in traditional family values, be ready for constant bullying, censorship, and hatefully nasty comments... and that’s just by the staff at Facebook!   “Facebook - Where the world goes to spread hate and division.” 
لا يمكن فتح الفيسبوك في جوالي
I just tried to comment on a video and it started automatically playing. I’m gonna go ahead and vote a hard NO on that. I prefer to watch certain videos without sound and this feature forces me to listen to it.
I am not able to use facebook market place
Please make this app more energy efficient and I will raise my review to 5 stars.
-There’s ads everywhere for short clips?  The problem?  Top of the funnel executives at Facebook.  They don’t care about UX. -The videos aren’t even well made or craft from a lot of video posters -We watch 15 seconds.. and then a 10 second ad pops up?  Just awful and absolutely no warning before starting the video.  I would not watch the channel if I knew they were click baiting at video hooks. Give a notification initially if it’s sponsored or ads will pop up. 
tengo demasiado lento los videos tengo una de las mejores compañías  T-mobile  plan ilimitado  y nunca donde quiera que este no puedo mirar un video  se corta cada 2 segundos
App slows down entire iPhone, app constantly shuts down. I just deleted it. FB is just a bunch if whining and drama anyway.
I am extremely disappointed to see most of my friends have really pretty holiday backgrounds and I don’t have them. I have updated the app, tried posting several status updates over the course of five days to see if posting more frequently creates more opportunities for new tools. That is not the case. Why can’t Facebook release the same content for all users?
Jus go to home screen
My Facebook is having problems with buffering the news feed. I hate how it updates every month just to screw up.
App was just fine before all these updates. Now my settings to keep in-app sounds OFF resets every five minutes, and I have to keep turning it off. It’s very irritating.
Faceboo
Adds adds adds adds adds more adds stop watching your video in the middle of the video to watch this add. Then some more adds just to change it up a bit how about some adds. Just garbage, I can’t even say that because at least once a week someone comes by to pick up our garbage and no one wants this trash
I turn the sound off, but the Facebook app keeps enabling it again without my authorization. Deleting the app for now and not using it on my phone
It's buggy, videos buffering constantly and  don't play! Fix it please.
Drives me crazy that I can’t look at my feed in order rather than top comments. I never had an issue with my android but Apple doesn’t seem to have the option
-Newsfeed won’t update and sometimes doesn’t work at all.   -too many ads  -Videos won’t play from search mode 
Cannot open any of my albums nor upload with this version 153. Please fix it!
I go to unlike pages from my Facebook, and everytime I do the app freezes. Plus the ads and the people I may know. And the sponsors. This should be an app that allows you to communicate with friends. Not have to move past ads after every other post.
Junk, that about sums it up. Updates make content harder to read through and find. Ads galore. Facebook has went downhill!
iPhone X界面错误，又卡。
I don’t have marketplace open.
These ads are the worse. I refuse to watch any. Any time they come on I close out the app completely. They have plenty of revenue, the experience is very displeasing.
Facebook's obsession with taking away the "most recent" news feed is terrible.
This game is fun, free, and you can win real stuff!
Unfortunately I still use it because having to log on through my phone’s browser is annoying, but this app constantly tests that resolve. Not only does it listen to your conversations (which is intrusive and should be illegal) so that it can “better target” ads that I will NEVER click on because, honestly, I feel violated, but it reboots itself randomly when you click off the app for a split second, meaning you lose whatever it was you were looking at and have to search for it again. Also, its videos never load, or they just freeze up randomly, even when I have full WiFi and the YouTube app is running and buffering smoothly. I theorize that this app is specifically engineered to incite maximum frustration and rage. It’s trash and we’ll see how long before I finally lose it with this app and delete it.
Every time I get a notification, the app will show me I have double the notifications I actually have. Tired of seeing the 4 notification and then when I actually click on the app I only have 2. Really annoying.
Facebook is a joke. They actively censor anyone leaning right of Stalin, the app is intrusive and listens to everything you do and sees everything around your phone, and their policies towards increasing security do just the opposite. I have never once seen such a perfect trojan virus! Hell, the guy who owns Facebook sells your personal information to the government! 0/5 from me!   Every accusation and claim in this review has been known to be true for years! Stay away! Facebook is horrible! 
You can’t upload panoramas on mobile—they come out as 360 pictures that can only be changed back using a desktop. But you kind of need the app for the login code generator for two-factor authentication.
Every since the update it been crashing fix it
I think out of all the iphone apps this is the one that has progressively gotten worse with every update
So terrible it deserve -5 stars
In side ways mode on I phone you can type easy aka landscape mode and a little more optimized and better graphics I liked it better when you turn the phone on the side and type easy same for posting pics and new better frame wire and a better start up frame and we want it better to type again we liked it on landscape mode so nice easy to type and post pics also please repair it from scratch because of crashing and freezing typing with one hand for people like me so hard please adjust it.....please make face book more and better for people.....fix all these probloms please for Macintosh make Facebook desktop like Aol did I\'m everything in one thing so we don\'t have to always be on the site good app needs more upgrades. I’m also upset with friend request when I see a new friend request let’s say hours later it’s gone like the profile never exested now I can’t find that Person like you can’t remember a name.
These video ads have got to stop. They’re totally irrelevant most of the time, and they make a video take way longer than they should. One was literally a 2 second gif that looped over and over for 30 seconds. Why the hell am I being forced to watch this sh*t for a 2 minute video?! I’m close to deleting FB altogether.
You do this on purpose! open app, shows a popular post, I would start reading and bam! It refreshes my newsfeed and now I have scroll through everything to find that exact post. If this is your way of keeping people on the app longer then I will be uninstalling soon.
Get rid of the Virginia fro ads.
Though i use this app regularly but I am not really satisfied while using this app. Whenever i play the video in facebook this freaking annoying ad pops up in the middle and it get to my nerve . So i would like to make a kind request please removing this annoying thing out of the facebook app. It only encourages to use the app quite less often .
You JERKS banned me at Christmas time for a post from weeks ago! Whoever did this I hope you get sick and aren’t able to enjoy your friends and family. May this CURSE BE UPON YOU.
I hate that now when I “step away” from the app, say I briefly check something else and come back, the app refreshes! I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been reading an article or something and I get a text and I go to check the text and then when I come back to Facebook it’s refreshed. And of course the stupid algorithm Facebook uses doesn’t just push it farther down in my feed. It gives me like a completely new feed. I can never find what I was looking at again unless I know exactly who posted. It’s so annoying.  What is the point of that?!??
Whether like it or not, Facebook has became a tool/weapon to spread fake news to millions of people in a few hours. And yes there’s too many holes in the security and privacy system. I’ve seen many victims suffered from the weak privacy protection by Facebook developers even though they were not celebrities or what so ever. Their profiles were hi-jacked, blackmailed and their private lives leaked to the public if the victims couldn’t fulfill the demands of so-called account hackers. My suggestion is that the developer team should pay their attention to these issues and should take care of it as soon as possible.
Hey Zuckerberg, what gives you such an audacity to think you can force us to have the messenger app too? Soon I'll have to deactivate my account and delete this main app too cause I think it's really crap for not having an inbox within the main app itself. Are you spies or something?
Should have expect this app goes out of its way to censor republican thought while promoting liberal extremism. A photo of Poking fun at Hillary gets immediately deleted while an athletes picture of a cops throat being slit stays up... This social media site is garbage and Zuckerberg is a spineless coward.  Update: I was blocked for 30 days because someone was harassing me. Good job FB. Way to give bully’s a safe haven. 
Very disappointed my background colors don’t change for the holidays like everyone else I’ve uninstalled it and put it back nothing!! I don’t know why but it drives me nuts that I can’t do that with my Facebook!! Please fix it
WHAT HAPPENED TO MARKETPLACE! some of my friends and family have it on their androids but no ones iPhone has it anymore, it was a great feature and I loved it. I’ve tried updating and re downloading the app and it won’t appear, PLEASE HELP!!!!
I know the chronological timeline has been gone for a long time without going to most recent but now it seems to be gone all together! I go to Most Recent and see maybe three or four updates from today then it jumps to two or three updates from yesterday, then three or four updates from two days ago and so on. What is recent about that? And the ones I do see aren’t from people or pages I interact with most often.  Because of this I log onto FB maybe once a day now and instead use Instagram and Snapchat much more often.  I wish FB would stop trying to figure out what i like and just listen to these reviews where we tell you what we like, we want to see everything!
Nkkk
Latest update renders changing profile photo to a video impossible because the link is missing.
Excellent UI. Destroyed fabric of society. 2 stars
I haven’t been able to view my own profile or pictures on the Facebook app for a while now.. that’s the only problem I have but it annoys me
Too many ads. But my biggest complaint is that I can never... NEVER see my “Most Recent” posts. I press it and can only see stuff from 3 hours ago? Come on! Top Stories gives me more up to date stuff. Stop lying to me that I can actually see updates in a chronological order, which is what I want!
Haven’t been on Facebook for like a month or two now, just have been busy. K that doesn’t matter, I know. The point is, I love this app, but I’m the past I remember creating pages for my profile. I’d create pages to advertise things such as my business and sales on our merchandise. Unfortunately, I think the app has been updated since I haven’t been on for a while. The reason I think this is because I can no longer create pages now! I click the “pages” button, and it brings me to a blank screen! Idk, it pisses me off. I want to be able to create pages from my phone without any problems. I don’t want to go up to my PC to do it every time, because I’d rather do it on my phone. Facebook needs to do a better job with their bug fixes, and keep improving the app every single day, making sure all bugs are erased. I want to have a CLEAN app without any interruptions!
I had to remove the Facebook app because I couldn't watch a video without a video advertisement popping up 10 seconds into what I'm trying to watch. It's really annoying. My husband has the Samsung galaxy and he has zero ads on his Facebook app. I don't understand.
Videos almost never load, even when phone has been switched over to a reliable WiFi network (I thought maybe it was my service at first). And when they do load, they are almost immediately frozen and incapable of playing through, or are interrupted with useless ads, which also mess up the rest of the playing. ‘I love when my video is interrupted mid-sentence!’ said no one, ever.
quite obvious FB is left wing garbage
I don't know why! But, u kicked me out of my account and now I can't log back in!! 😡.  I have tried everything and I can log back in! 😡 u need to fix this too NOW.
What is going on with the videos????
Why is it that when we go try to watch a video on Facebook half way throw a ad pops up it would be nice to be able to watch the hole thing
The videos keep pausing! It's not my internet! It only happens when I watch videos through Facebook.
I keep tapping the X icon on top left and nothing happens. Super frustrated
😀👏good
Last update was really bad. I cant c most of the comments on my posts.
Every time I am on my newsfeed reading something the app makes it go up and down without my touching it..It never stays on one thing! 😡 Please fix!!!
I absolutely hate it. I constantly have to uninstall and reinstalling because my news feed stops updating/refreshing. Whether I'm connected to wifi or just on my regular 4g/LTE data, same problems constantly reoccurs.  UPDATE: Now it’ll only show FOUR posts (one ad) and then won’t even bother loading EVEN AFTER uninstalling and reinstalling. So freaking useless dude. 
Now it takes 2 clicks to post instead of 1. Terrible user experience.
Facebook without bubble chats is so hard to use, please bring back bubble chats on IOS, my phone freezes all the time because i have to go all the way back to messenger, we need them back!!
How does a person remove themselves from Facebook. Remove pic and all info.
Twice as many notifications than what I really have? Misleading. Not clearing the notifications I’ve already seen? Annoying. All good tho! Sure it’ll be fixed soon enough.
Fake accounts still there while the real one being removed. Can you imagine this sh**t happened to you?? Can we contact FB? Nope. When you have problem can you contact fb?? Never..
Mais mon iphone a veux pas prendre cette nouveau version aider moi
Mark Cuckerberg
This version is faulty it opens for about 5 seconds then shuts of immediately, tried deleting the app and re installing it but it didn't work, please provide an update
Didnot play (your story )after update facebook Why why why😡😡😡 
it time to refresh design facebook app.old junk design ui.so many updates rolling out facebok and no design updates,old junk design ui
Facebook app on iPhone 6s doesn’t work well... always crash.. hope developers check it and especially about the button at the bottom of the screen.
What is going on with this update. I’m so annoyed. It’s impossible to tag someone without their name looking weird. Don’t even get me started on the adds. So annoying. Is there away to disable “people you may know”... I don’t need friend recommendations. I can find people fine on my own!
I didn’t use face book until last year and I don’t know why people are saying, “They do it for the money.” Like what do you expect it’s a free app of course there’s going to be ads. Also if you say there’s no privacy why get the app it is for socializing and interacting with people around the world. Another thing I see people complain about is seeing content on the app like ads that aren’t exactly child friendly but face book isn’t meant for children is it.
Look....It seems that the videos keep lagging or loading! However, the ADS the come in between the vids are QUICK to play!!!! Fix it
Used to enjoy looking through the postings and videos. Now, I feel like FB is a salesman trying to lure you in and when they think they’ve got you ... WHAM ... “your video will continue after this Ad”.  No thanks.  No video is that important to get spammed. 
I just got it to get gold in a game
When I get comments on a post. I click from notifications. It doesn't show comments. Fix the bug.
I would give this app 0 stars if i could. Once it starts glitching and closing out of the app it will continue to do so for hours. Cant update my status, scroll too fast, or open anything without fear of facebook closing over and over. Its so frustrating that my future grandchildren are already posting negative reviews. 0/5
Tired of you locking me out of my account. Love how I can create multiple fake ones but my real one goes under review. Take this L MF.
Can someone please help me get back into my account. I have my life on there and for the last two weeks I can’t sign in because it doesn’t recognize the browser on my new iphone and wants 2 authentication codes. One I get via email and the other I can’t get because it’s texting it to an old phone number that is nothin use.  I’ve send my info with a picture of my license. No one has gotten back to me. I have tried to log in over 300 times and it’s not letting me. Please please can u help me turn off the 2 authentication codes feature so I can get in. Idk what else to do. Help me. I’ll change my rating. If I get logged in
I agree 100%
I got a new phone number and a new phone. Facebook has nobody to contact about this.  I can’t log on because I have a new number and it keeps sending the login code to my old phone number. My email account was also tied in with that phone number so it’s not letting me sign into my email that I use for Facebook either.  So, I can’t log into my email to accept the new browser.  I sent a picture of myself with a code almost a week ago. There was no instructions on where to go from there. And I still cannot log in. I’ve had the same account since 2009. Facebook was never an issue for me until this week. 
For some odd reason my account is blocked and unable to recover because the link to my email to reset my password is blocked by Facebook. I’ve gone through the recovering processes and they all say it’s unable to help so it redirects me right back to the beginning
The way the some comments are posted above the original post in a fake message bubble is crap. Am I liking the original post or the comment?
Teribl
I tried to do the new update my app totally disappeared and won't let me download, so frustrating!! Ugh
Your app devs should all be replaced and maybe you should consider QAing a couple basic test cases like I don’t know, see if a notification will take you to the actual post?? .   after the last update — notifications 50% time don’t work and send you to the website page or give you page not found!  Prob hard to care when your users aren’t your paying customers —  as long as that ad money is rollin in!!  OH WELL. 🤷‍♀️
ive been using this app for years... i don’t know for some reasone whenever i update this app some of friendlist are gone, i ask them if they deleted me but no. and i annalyze it this app is automatically removing friends like the hell why??? 
They took away reactions to comments!!!! Why???????? This new update is bs I might as well go back to MySpace
Log out the app many times
Ads or videos continue playing after you leave the page that the ad/video originated on.  No, the video was not minimized into the sub screen while I continued to browse my feed. The audio for unseen videos continue until you completely close out of Facebook (swipe the app off the top of your screen).  Hopefully this can be fixed in next update.  Also I absolutely hate ads in the middle of videos! Right at the beginning is fine and doesn't interrupt the video.  Please undo this awful configuration!
Let’s say you open a page from a link in your stream (eg Washington Post article). On that page is a video, you play the video. Before playback finishes you go back your feed. The video keeps playing with no media controls. You open the article again, it doesn’t show the video even playing.   Kill the vampire playback. If I leave a site/page anything associated with the site should stop.  UI is entirely broken for iPhone X when composing a comment. Open the emoji keyboard and you lose the ability to see the message you are composing.  It just gets worse. When do you actually plan on fixing the bugs? Like how the font size changes randomly in different areas, such as news feed vs comments. If I wanted gigantic fonts I would set them, but instead your app fails to use system font settings consistently. 
It is big bolsheet. No more facebook
Why all of sudden I’m seeing in my comments sections that the comments are so big it’s like zoom size please correct this I don’t like & Fix it
I can't read all the comments in so many posts or pages!   Stop the stupid computer-analyzation on my account!   Make the "unfiltered comments" default for me! 
This ads drive me nuts every video I watch a ad has to pop up 😑
When in the app at first the top items along the phone are fine, but one you click a post and go back to your feed from it , the items along the top (battery, time, wifi symbol ) are all shifted to the left for some reason....
Font size is too big in comment sections now
yes i do
22dec2017  I’ve been using this app for years now and it’s grown into a mighty fine app from its infancy, but now I’m having new problems.  I tend to tap out longer posts and what I’ve noticed is that if I go scroll my text field up to edit something, every key press results in a “scroll twitch” where the text that I have entered this far quickly slides down and up with every keystroke.  It’s _SUPER ANNOYING_ and has been going on for over a year.  No other app I use does this to me.  Worse, Facebook has developed another _SUPER ANNOYING_ habit of dumping everything I just entered into a text field and returning to the home screen if I leave the app to go use another app for any reason. 
With the latest update the app crashes frequently
Links to posts don’t work on my phone with today’s update! I can copy the link on to my phone browser- that works. But opening the link directly doesn’t.
I hate that on my tablet, after a video plays, it moves on to the next. If I wanted to watch a video, I’ll play it myself.
My app doesn't show marketplace and video button on bottoms of app.  No way to access marketplace or video tab anymore. Opened support ticket and still no resolution after 5 months!  That's worst customer service ever! 
The recent few updates have brought nothing but problems. At first, the app would crash about 5 seconds into any video I would play, and after that finally got fixed, now links won’t open up. I can click on a shared article or site someone posts and the page never loads (but works just fine in safari). This “update every week” thing has had more bugs than ever before.
FACEBOOK IS COMPLETELY UNWILLING AND LAZY TO HELP. Even after all the proof and years of a profile.
iPad Pro iOS 11  since new update you can no longer search groups or marketplace when you do try to searches all of Facebook instead. I also randomly get people I’m not friends with from other country’s status updates in my news feed made sure I wasn’t some how following to get them and I wasn’t please fix ASAP I use groups an market place works fine on iPhone X iOS 11 just not on iPad since updates
Facebook ads used to be tolerable, but now when viewing a MINUTE-long video I get an ad 10 seconds in. It prevents me from liking the post temporarily or commenting and it’s very bothersome and interferes with the way I usually use the app. To be honest it takes the fun out of Facebook in a way previous ads didn’t.  An ad in the middle of a 10 minute-long video is one thing, but this is ridiculous. 
When I click on notifications for a post or message it doesn’t take me to the message.  Have to close app out then restart it several times.
Why one Facebook is different from my Facebook app?
Creepy- that’s all I need to say. There’s a good morning message from Facebook popping up even when I’m not using the app Quit this, I know you are spying and collecting data but just stop being weird and creepy, Facebook people.
Worst app on my phone. Use to be good till the last dumb update. Whoever is their app developer, they need to fire that team!
If I refresh to look at the news feed, keeps saying no stories and tap to retry
Whenever I am watching a clip or video on my Facebook it gets stops so many times then it works for awhile can someone guide me what am I have to do with Facebook,However I talked to my carrier which is T-Mobile and they checked there network status they says everything fine from our side .then I reset my device and reset  the network as well and also I show my device to professional person he says your IPhone is worth and nothing is wrong with your iPhone he says contact to Facebook or live a feedback to support then someone will may be guide you ,so could anyone tells me what could be wrong to fix it ?
You broke the chromecast feature. It used to be so easy share a video with my family. Now I have to hold my phone in front of them like a modern day cave man.
Time and battery are half missing, we need a new update
After installing the latest update, the newsfeed automatically reloads every few minutes. Extremely frustrating. It’s also not in chronological order, even when selecting “most recent”.
The worthless updates is basically a scam by FB to pretend you are getting some updates or improvement. It's a lie!  These are the never ending worthless updates! Basically updates are ways for them to download information and data from the app! Also, the updates app refreshes making you loose information or the post it was on!   What a PS garbage!  How is this company worth (Market cap $500billion)  the same as Amazon? U would think they would have the best app for a company worth $500B??  Nope it's a PoS on the never ending worthless updates.
Notifications isn’t working half the time and you go to your groups it shows how many new things posted it will have a number and after you look and close out of it the number stays the same doesn’t go to zero anymore this was a problem in the past and it’s back again
If you’re going to allow celebrities to demean, harass, bully and target people and not do anything when they get reported by the rest of us- then apply that methodology to the rest of us.
Too many ads. Can’t laugh at or or emotions on someone else’s comment on a post, can only like, on iPhone se
Too many sponsored posts in my Newsfeed, and there is no way to sort Group feeds in chronological order. These aren’t hard things to implement, and it would greatly improve my experience with the app if I could 1) block sponsored posts and 2) sort Group feeds in chronological order.
FB app has always been very reliable - until now. Live photos won’t upload for some reason. Tried several times to upload Live photos of my kids shot on a iPhone X, and it crashes every time. Really disappointing.
Since the new update. You can’t edit your status or change a word etc on a photo...
Clicking on certain posts cause pop up ads that interrupt viewing. Removing this software.
For those who said facebook doesn’t care about your privacy, it because you don’t know how to use it. It’s allow you to change the privacy on every post, unlike instagram, you either have to go public or privacy. It’s also great that you can also exclude specific people to not look at your photo, or include that one person you want to share with. So quit complaining and try to understand how to use it
The app never refreshes anymore it's always the same from an hour ago
Putting ads in the middle of videos has just gone too far in my opinion. Ads in my newsfeed while scrolling was enough. Interrupting a video halfway through for an ad is just nerve racking to say the very least. Get rid of those and I’ll give 5 stars.
ODIO QUE ME BLOQUEEN DESPUÉS DE HACER UN VIDEO EN VIVO BUSQUEN LA MANERA DE RECIBIR UN AVISO EN EL MOMENTO QUE UNO LO ESTA HACIENDO PARA EVITAR SER BLOQUEADO😡😡😡😡. MUY EN ESTAS FECHAS ME BLOKEAN 😡😡😡😡😡😡
The load speed on all your videos are horrendous.. you guys need to have an update or something to get the speeds up to par with my phone carriers internet because I was blaming T-Mobile at first when it wasn’t even their issue!
Really FaceBook? I was going on to look at stuff and it said it needed my photo.. and then when I gave it them it logged me out and I have not been able to get on for hours. No matter what device I go on. Super annoying. Thinking about deleting the app
Never had problems until recently. Now it’s constantly closing/crashing. I’m about to delete it and just use my browser for Facebook.
Facebook is in over there heads. I can’t even get into my page and log in to remove it. The ads and other things have taken away from family and friends. How sad is it when that’s how family far keeps up with you and your family. Ha! Not so sad just is making people realize there is more to life than Social Media! So I Thank Facebook for opening a new door. I really would like my pages removed. It is now a invasion of my privacy that is not as secure as claimed.
Facebook has become a global ad platform, driven primarily by two things: 1. Preying on peoples’ social anxieties (to be loved/wanted/accepted)  2. A never ending mind-numbing feed of “entertainment”   Don’t let Facebook sell your data (your interests, the things you like, the videos you watch, the pages you visit) for a profit.   Don’t be a guinea pig in any of the thousands of social behavioral experiments that Facebook runs on their users without their consent.   Don’t contribute to the platform that former employees now say is “ripping apart the social fabric of how society works”.   This company makes me sick. I’m finally deleting Facebook, and if you know what’s healthy for you, you should to. 
They somehow broke the functionality of notifications in their update. Most of the notifications I receive about a reply to a post will lead me to a broken page instead of the post in question. I have to navigate to the thread myself and try to find the reply. I don't know how they managed to do this but a bunch of my notifications also lead me to what looks like the mobile web version of Facebook and not the app. I will tap on a thread in this view, and then the whole view reloads and shows me the app version, instead. It's astounding.
I’ve had trouble with linking to comments on my posts. When clicking on a notification it will show the post but not any comments or reactions.
Keeps freezing an update Would be nice
I am not on your site. Stop texting me!!!!!
Random spam ads pop up when scrolling news feed. The kind where you have to press continue and it sends you to a site to ‘win prizes’. Very annoying, barely use app anymore.
The update is horrible. The app keeps crashing. I'd rather not use it and access through the browser. Not only that, my friend and I both are experiencing issues with tagging our FRIENDS in photos as well as blocking each other. This is crazy!
If Tinder is open when Facebook/Instagram/Spotify is open both crash.
It really flipping annoying when I’m watching something and I’m very into it and then an ad comes on  There’s way to much ads. I’m sure Facebook can live without some 
I have never seen the Facebook App for iPad work well.  I end up accessing Facebook through Safari as you get more information and have more options.  The app is slow, and cumbersome.
Please stop with all the ad advertising 👎
App continues with glitches lately especially when reacting to statuses and videos. When I try to like these posts or love it with a heart it says that it isn’t available then I have to click ok. Also the app has logged me out multiple times lately for no reason.
iPhone X螢幕看完視屏橫向回不去盪在同畫面，也不會恢復直畫面視頻一按又重播😰👎
Ads ads ads ads ads Pick a design and stick with it? 
Literally impossible to use the app since the update.  Can't see my own profile, unable to search, can't see comments, etc.
Excellent app never had any problems but it’s needs to be updated for new iPad Pro 10.5 resolution.
Facebook was wonderful at one time. It is nothing but ads now. I barely read three sentences before there is a string of ads. The aggravation also is I don’t use any of the products advertised. I am not even tempted by the ones I don’t use. If it were not for the much welcome contact with family and close friends I would drop Facebook altogether. So disappointing.
And now my facebook and facebook messenger see taking forever to load. Can you please look into this? Thank you!
I literally just updated Facebook and now I can't load anything on the app.
It keeps telling me I'll have 6+ notifications, but when I go in and check, I'm lucky if I even have 1! Please fix this.
The Facebook app hasn’t worked all day. I’ve tried updating my phone, and even deleted and reinstalled the app. Still nothing. Driving me crazy. I have messages coming through that I can’t read either because the fb app also isn’t working. About to switch over to Twitter.
It's a good app.  I can't upload pictures it crashes every time I open the app when I try to upload pictures and it says we will let you know when the pictures are ready something like that but it doesn't upload agh again happen and messenger too I can’t send pictures it says that I need to check my internet connection but it’s working fine I used google and it’s nothing bad with my internet the app doesn’t upload photos it says that failure please try again later
I do not have the new status backgrounds despite an updated iOS and current fb version. It’s very frustrating
For what ever reason, WiFi or LTE. Videos start wigging out, they’ll play then pause then play. Sometimes this will happen 4-5 times while playing the same video. Very irritating
Every time I see the icon on my phone it says I have 10 or 11 notifications but then when I open the app I really have none or sometimes just 1 or 2. It’s really irritating and you should probably fix it since it’s been a problem for me for a while now.
Thank you for writing that! I completely agree!! I will not let my 11 & 12 yr old perfect angels to even touch social media because all the things y’all do not protect! If my page is private & ive blocked a person who’s been harassing me & now her friends are seeing it passing my number around & a horrible untrue pic of me saying really bad stuff about me that I don’t even know.. I wrote fb support 2 or 3 times over this matter & have I received any feedback or resolution to what this pic said about me?? NOPE NOTHING FROM FB, NOT EVEN A “WE TOOK CARE OF THE PROBLEM” NO NOTHING!!! No thanks for reporting it no we’re sorry but we will investigate this situation!!!! So what good is support for? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!! Be ready because of this along came multiple death threats to my cell number attached to fb, my messenger for fb, and all kinda of other venues of the bs I’m getting from other women, everyone else who sees it does the same, her friends from up north & ive never even been up north!! But the death threats, y’all not taking it serious enough to stop this pic from going around & each new person that sees it gives me more threats, death threats & that their coming for me etc... I got a lawyer & all the crazy women doing this to me & men that don’t know me, will all be involved along with fb for not taking care of this situation when I’ve wrote u about it multiple times & no response what so ever!!!!! The only reason my fb is still up is for all my family that live in tx & la! I have no family where I’m at!! Also have multiple voice mails from these people & it’s not stopping!! Thanks to this crap it involved a criminal organization that these girls are property of... so nothing can happen to them!! Thanks fb!!!! Idk when’s the last time I’ve got an update from y’all either!!!! Who is way more important enough in fb to send this to?????? So maybe just maybe y’all will quit worry about only the money you make & actually care about the people who are using it! Which should be FB’S FIRST PRIORITY & OUR SAFETY!!!!   I’ve had enough! Also that’s why a lot of people are deleting this app!!!!
Most recent update of the app. Keeps sending me to desktop page when I click on a notification. Often tells me the post isn’t available when it still is. Crashing. Notifications arriving sometimes days after the action took place. Please fix. Thank you.
When I upload pictures that are clear on my phone like in pic collage they are super blurry on Facebook even if I do auto enhance. Please fix this!
All I have to say is your is 💩! Facebook app is crap 💩💩💩💩💩and you guys just don’t fix it 💩to many issues and not comparable with apple updates! 💩💩
Refreshes while I am reading and then I have to search to find what I was previously on. Gah!
Facebook is crashing are u guys gonna fix the problem
Since the new update it won’t let me view any comment that is replied to me or that I’m tagged in. It has been lagging and horrible. Please fix the bugs. I just want to see my notifications.
Very bad
Addictive crap
I swear to every living deity above, if y’all move the notification button one more time, I’m coming to your headquarters and burning the place down.
Facebook is bloated and convoluted and complex and Machiavellian.   Regardless of what they say, they show you what they think you want to see (or what they want you to see), versus truly letting you decide what you want to see.   The “People you may know” feature is offensive and way out of hand!  I’m getting 100s of people suggested that I have nothing in common with, including we don’t even live in the same country, nor speak the same language!!!!  How in the world am I supposed to know someone if we don’t speak a common language?!?!?!?!?!?!  Facebook,  STOP IT!!!!!!!!!!!! 
App is horrible after most recent update
Come on man you have to get rid of those ads  specially when they are right in the middle of something interesting or important.  Thanks for bringing the update back on the bottom right and the messenger top right. Much needed.  You are a billionaire man get rid of the ads. 
I see the size of Facebook updates is not clearly shown as before. FB has updates weekly that are way way larger than ANY of my other apps. I find 80% of updates, especially FB are an opportunity for the addition of more BS that completely benefits the commercial aspect of the app.
Why are notifications in app sending me to the Facebook website with broken links? Very useless when keeping track of replies.
STOP TURNING ON MY IN-APP SOUNDS! I turned them off because I don’t want them. STOP TURNING THEM BACK ON! Every time I get a notification to set up a 4 digit passcode for a log in (to which I deny...stop asking. I don’t want that either)  it automatically turns on my in-app sounds.
Ugj
The app is overall good! However, it seems like it’s a more increasing issue that when I try to go to a profile (even my own), I can scroll down so far until I reach the feed/posts and then it just stalls and loads for nearly eternity, never showing anything.. It’s starting to happen on my news feed too. Please fix this! I’ve let it go for a few times, tried fixing it myself via uninstalling/reinstalling, restarting my phone, etc... I thought it might have been a connectivity issue with my service or something but SC and IG work just fine and FB will load up, just not feed and such..
I’ve had this issue since a couple of updates ago, videos keeps freezing and buffering even tho my internet is good, fix this please.
This last update made it so most notifications bring me to what looks like a website version and does not allow me to load comments or something that says page not found when it very much still there. It SUUUUUUCKS!!!! Worst I’ve ever experienced with this always pretty jacked up and buggy app.
I had privacy and more data before the FB app. It steals your data and information and gives it to people. They literally harass you into relinquishing your rights. Asking you the same question at each log in. despite you saying you always want to log in and you never want notifications it will ask you forty to fifty times. And then if you answer the wrong email your account Will be hacked and it will select the option for you anyway. Then Facebook hacks your account to remove the threat and force you to change your password to something twice as complicated. I deleted both
If I wanted to send the thing I’m tagging someone in in messenger, I would use this share send in messenger button. But I don’t want to send every comment tag in messenger. It’s dumb.
Facebook is unstable with my iPhone X 😡😡 Any clues??? It keeps trying to turn on then off in an endless loop !!!
I’m so fed up with not being able to get post in a timely manner. I had a friend post something and tagged me and no matter what I did I was unable to see the post. Then I went to messenger and I see where she sent it, this it the response I got....”Attachment Unavailable”. Now she was able to see all the times she sent it to my inbox... not only was she able to see it someone that wasn’t tagged was able to view the video. Again I’m fed up!
Why why why do you insist on moving the buttons around? Leave them where they are! Plus the ads! OMG I really can’t stand them.  Buttons moved today plus the ads, I might just remove FB from my phone.  It’s really become more of a nuisance than anything pleasurable. 
Lots of bugs in this update, very fed up i am.🙄
I don’t even use FB anymore To watch a 1 minute video u have to watch ads for everything is a stupid ad.. U guys ruined FB with the ads
When someone comments or likes a post and I click on the notification for it, it either takes me to a “this post doesn’t exist” page (which isn't true) or it just takes me to the top of the page I’m on. I have to go back and search for the post in the feed and then click on comments, and it goes back to the top again. This update needs to be rolled back until there is a fix please.
I thought at first that it was just my internet but I’ve tried to watch videos everywhere in I always either get about 15 seconds in the video and then it “buffers” indefinitely or it just never loads.
I been used my Facebook been good I’m going a month out of the state. When I come back the play store for shopping is gone I don’t know why please I need help
Story no work
I turned off my Facebook notifications on my phone because it’s too much. I only have those on for important things - calendar, reminders, etc.   Now I get notifications from Facebook that tell me to turn my notifications on. Ugh!!  Stop it. 
Why it became so annoying so slow so much bugs.. please improve Arabian services , if i want to make a simple edit to my page name in Arabic or spilling issue,  they refuse to do it .  Please improve Facebook errors and flexibility and I’ll change my rating to 5 
Since your application in the App Store does not support the link app support I have to use the review section to make a functionality request. Most applications at this point use Face ID instead of passwords. A study has been done that the applications, with Face ID up to this point in time, are being accessed almost twice as much as apps that do not use that technology and require passwords. My question, when will Facebook support Face ID?  Since the majority of apps already support Face ID functionality I would suggest that advancing to it cannot be that difficult. I appreciate you listening to my comment. Again I could’ve put it under app support but the link does not support a dialog box. Thank you, John
The bias is staggering. People can trash white people all they want and it’s allowed. The censorship on Facebook makes no sense. I can watch a video of a man burning a dog alive or a man getting executed but if you post a nipple you’re banned for life. What a joke.
For a long while now, I’ve noticed that under my account settings, then privacy, that the place where I allow only my friends to look me up by my phone # automatically jumps back to everyone all the time. I’m constantly having to put my privacy on friends only for this option. Please fix this. Thanks.
There aren’t even words to describe how terrible this last update is. Please fix ASAP.
Crushing every time i open it. I have iphone 7 with IOS 11.2.1 
Since this latest update I get a lot of errors saying can not find page!
Would you please stop taking away my availability to see my friends list and the friends list of my friends.  One day it’s there and then a couple days later it’s gone.   STOP IT!!!   I should and expect to see my friends list whenever I want, not when you decide it for me.  FIX IT OR I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THE APP TO ANYONE!!!   This is getting ridiculous!!!!
There is a bug with the iPhone X. Whenever a video is in landscape mode- the time, battery, service etc. remains off to the left and not visible when back in portrait mode. The only way to resolve is to force close the app.
It’s 2017. Why is there still no way to one-tap copy an event’s details to my iPhone calendar?  It’s almost like Facebook doesn’t want us to hang out offline without them. Facebook acts like a psychologically abusive boyfriend.   Hey Facebook product managers, if you make your app more useful, we will use it more, not less. 
With each new release this app is getting worse and worse. Now my entire timeline is wiped....all I’m getting is: No stories to show.....wake up Zuckerberg
Wow. It has become one huge advertisement. The video ads are really uncool.
Even after the new update notifications in the top corners on an iPhone X shift to the left and become non visible after switching from a different app.
Whoever decided that it was a great idea to add a “feature” that sends a comment to someone in messenger instead of posting the comment is an idiot.
I really really really hate how the feed refreshes allllllllll the way to the top everyone I open Facebook. I don’t know how many times I’ve lost things that I want to read.
Comilla high school Comilla Comila Victoria collage
I usually like Facebook, but lately my backgrounds for posts haven’t updated in months!! I have friends that live in Japan with me and their’s have updated it, but not mine. All my friends stateside are sharing their festive backgrounds for the holiday season and here I sit with ones from the summer. Extremely disappointing.
I’m not getting my confirmation email to confirm my new email. I have reported this multiple time a couple of months ago and still nothing. The email that is set as my current email on my account, I no longer have, so I am trying to set my Facebook email to my current, active email, but I have yet to get the confirmation email to confirm my email.
Make it more simple and easier to navigate.  Remove the ads, too many ads. 
Fix your app?!!??!!! I can’t like any pages..it unlikes right away. It crashes 9/10 times a day. It freezes. Just fix it already...you would think having a 2.9 rating out of millions of users that you would do something about it. It’s always something...glitch after glitch.
Videos won’t play, been like this for months. I don’t understand what the updates do. Doesn’t seem to help anything.
Only reason why I give this app a 1 star rating is because every time I try to watch a Facebook live it keeps stopping and loading every 2 seconds! Or when I watch any other video on my newsfeed it stops every 2 seconds! It’s so annoying!!! Please fix it AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!!!
I don't like the new look and wish my phone wouldn't have automatically updated this app...
The code needs work.   When I click my latest notification, the app routinely fails to take me to the post in question. It’s really a pain to go track down a post or response any other way. This is an issue that’s been present for several months at least, and it’s ridiculous that it hasn’t been fixed.  Second glitch: I constantly get notifications about posts that I have specifically chosen ‘turn off notifications’ for. This feature never seems to work and it’s really irritating. 
i used to love facebook, but now it's absolute garbage. 15 second video advertisements on videos that are 1:30? 1/5 posts are advertisements, & on top of it, the advertisements are usually garbage as well. i won't be surprised if in the near future they start selling a "Facebook Prime" app or something like that for $15 a month so you can use it without so many ads.
Sir it’s a good option Facebook live. Frnds will see the activity of a person. Sir please add also an option of Facebook live for choosing persons not for the all frnds. If there is a family party and or relatives are out of country or  in other cities so just they can see . It’s my idea if u do this Facebook will be most amazing app in the whole world.
So I’ve had my account for 13+ years and I was hacked. Probably by a computer but whoever it is manages to request the max number of password reset codes a day for at least a week. There is no avenue of recourse and no real reason to use this app I’m all kinds of done with it
Since the update last week Every time someone replies to a comment and I click the notification to view the reply it says page not found
Whenever I try to open notifications from groups I’m in it either opens in mobile web for some reason and the comments won’t load or it will give me an error message. If I go into the group manually everything displays fine. Infuriating.
I can’t login to Facebook or messenger for over a mth now.i think I have been hacked or someone else has stolen my accounts. Please help, Kim hall 
Keeps crashing every time I check my notifications!!!
Ridiculous that i still have original backgrounds while everyone else has cool new ones! Hey why not make everyone have same updates!
I absolutely hate that I can't hide comments during live videos.
Try to search in Marketplace and it searches FB. Then when it miraculously let's you search Marketplace and you need to search FB, it won't and keeps searching in Marketplace. Definitely a glitch.
The status info such as the signal time, signal strength, and battery shifts to the left out of view of the into the “notch” after going from landscape view on any content. Please fix!
After the recent update my marketplace button is gone and I used marketplace a lot and now there is some stupid video thing on it now would like to have the marketplace back and also there are way to many adds
9/10 when I click a notification, it says “Page Not Found” and I’m unable to do anything about it, yet it still exists on the site. Alongside this, half of the notifications now send me to a mobile site version within the app instead of the normal app UI.
Hi everyone! Every time I post a pic once in a blue moon it takes a while to post at golem with or without WiFi what can be the issue.
J’ai un grand problème en notifications !
Facebook y’all need to update your servers, internet provider or your app itself. I have to wait 10 mins to watch a 1 min video. Whereas other apps load perfectly fine. Complete waste of time trying to get a video to load. Facebook is useless considering %85 of content are videos. Worst app ever!!
My facebook app is crashing every time I open the app within second since 12/19 - please fix this as soon.
So this latest update is completely useless. Every time I get a notification from someone who replies to my comments in a group, it takes me to the desktop version of the app then I get an error message saying the page is not available. Smh I don't even understand why the app needed to be "updated" in the first place. I really wish you guys would address the issues instead of just randomly making updates to an app that was seemingly working properly until it was "updated".
I haven’t used Facebook in about a year so when I installed it today I was taken back by just how ugly it is.... like what were they thinking ? There was nothing wrong with it before . But now it’s just a ugly all white board of garbage that can’t decide if it wants to be instagram , Snapchat or a newsfeed of adds. Seriously it’s so full of garbage I can’t tell where the ad ends and my friends post begins because it’s all so white. And the bottom bar? The whole app isn’t just complicated and ugly why did they separate messages from the Facebook app to replace it with a dumb marketplace ????? It’s just a cluster of confusion It has No identity just a handful of ideas and no purpose I immediately deleted it and deactivated my account
I don't know what you guys did on this last update... did you let amateurs write your code? Bring your daughter to work day perhaps? This last update pretty much broke every Facebook function for iPhone. Absolutely terrible. You need to revisit this ASAP.   *edit.  Please stop updating the app. Every time you do, you break something else and don't bother to fix the previous things that you broke. Just stop 
Where did they go????? They are missing from my home page!!  No settings were changed!! Put them back!
Their needs to be a way in the Facebook settings to turn on or off notifications when that friend goes live. Right now Facebook doesn’t give a notification on every friend that goes live unless you’re there to see the whole live video then press the notification button.  In order to do that theirs no telling when the friend will go live. 
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW LONG TO TOOK ME TO FIND THE DELETE OPTION ON SOMEONES PAGE?? It’s basically a tiny dog next to their name. Should probably think about not using that stupid design, thanks.
After the most current update it seems the app is broke. Sometimes when I click on a notification it takes me to the mobile site version of facebook instead of staying within the app. Also sometimes when I click on a notification it’ll say page not found. These things were not happening before last weeks update and it’s only happening on my iPhone. The iPad app is working just fine.
Whatever was done on this last update needs to be reversed immediately!!!! I’m using the webpage over the app because of the errors. Anytime someone mentions you in a comment, or replies to your comment; causes an error of page not found from the notifications page. If you are lucky enough to see the page you were mentioned on, you won’t actually get sent to the comment. So you have to dig through what could be hundreds of comments to find what you were notified about. Good luck. I might just uninstall because this is such a useless waste of storage right now.
Almost every time I try to open a notification in the app, it says Page Not Found. That coupled with the endless ads has me pretty displeased. Ads load, but the things I actually want to see won’t.
Is it just me or is the app going to heck!? It seems like recently every update just messes up more than the last. It’s like starting with a clean sheet of paper and punching a hole, then patching it. The repeat until the original paper is gone and all you have are bandaids.  The worst part is that they don’t listen in app support. Been having issues with the app for about 2 months now and have heard nothing back from anyone and they obviously don’t bother to check, because the same problems persist. I love the social media network, but one star for the app. 
For the most part I like the app but HATE HATE HATE that it resets to the top of my feed if the app goes into the background to answer a phone call, text message or anything else! If I want to reload I will!
As if forced messenger app, crashes, etc weren't bad enough.
Even if I unfollow the page, it still appears under the sports section of my liked pages in about.
Absolute violation of my privacy, this company actively uses your devices microphone to add track you..don’t believe me? Try it. On top of that if you don’t post or talk about things that align with what they believe they will block and delete your profile. The Naziesq regime the Zuckerberg is running is appalling. My profile is Belize deleted as I type this and I will never be a user of Nazibook again. MeWe is the way to go people!
Late notifications...I’m pretty sure on purpose.  So I have a couple of notifications, so I open the app to look at them and clear them. Then I close the app. Not even 5 minutes later I have another notification. I open it and realized it is from a post 2 days ago. Also, someone has commented on that post  1 day ago.  I’m sure they know what they are doing. They randomly give you notifications to keep you opening the app and keep you looking at their ads. Don’t even let me get started on their ads... 
The new update doesn’t have the marketplace button just home and notifications? I can’t find anything now
I can not open any document for example word documents on groups. It take me back to the group homepage please fix it
These adds are just way to much
When you click on notifications it takes you to what looks like the desktop layout in the thread.  Also, you occasionally see “page not found”. 
This new update is very frustrating. Every time I get a notification from a reply or comment in a group specifically, it either says page not found or reroutes me TWICE to the main group page, not to the post.
Hammering down organic reach for the pages was one thing, but moving them to Explore feed while force feeding the users paid content only is downright ruthless.
Everything takes forever to load probably because of all the ads and spam videos. Can’t even upload a photo without issues.
I have a knitting group and I being having problems with it I can’t approve pending post for the last 3 days I send message to Facebook but no answer.
Try not using the psyche of humanity as your personal playground
okay facebook why does it keep saying page broken when it isn’t broken?! FIX THE BUG 😤😤😤😤
Why do I have to download messenger just to check my messages on fb. I think you should download it if you want to fb call or FaceTime
Crops all the videos, it just doesn’t work for me!
User since 2004 but I can’t use it anymore. The volume of embedded advertisements is unacceptable.
If you were trying to make your app useless, congrats!  2017 review: app is slower than ever. If you don’t know what you’re doing, don’t mess with it. 
Please change it back to time of post. I don't see most of my friends post due to the new algorithm. Or at-least give the user an option please.
I can’t get any video to load on WiFi or cellular. As soon as one issue is fixed; 3 more always appear.
The videos now stop to load every single time with wifi or data... also the new interface looks bad as it does not let you explore as many videos as before.
LET US REMOVE THE MARKETPLACE. IF I WANTED TO BUY CHEAP GARBAGE ILL USE EBAY/CRAIGSLIST.  GET A LIFE MARK FUCKERBURG 
Facebook brings a whole new meaning to the Gestapo it is an infringement upon our First Amendment right and it uses its stage to conform thinking its a bovine think tank app!
I started a new Facebook account tonight but it is not allowing me to access Facebook. It says that it has to activate my picture first and I’ve never had that happen. What can I do to get on Facebook? I’ve never had to put my face on Facebook before to activate it. Can somebody please email me at Jethro2916 @yahoo and let me know what’s going on.
Crashes every time I try to click further into a video or photo
This app irritates me. I am no longer able to see whats on my newsfeed as it always says Network Error. I use Facebook Marketplace as well and hasn’t worked for me in months. Whats the point of having an app that millons of people use if it doesn’t work properly!?
I can’t get them to load on my iPhone se.  they act as though I have no internet but my browser is fine and so are my other apps
Updated and now it’s not working....
So I updated the app a day or so ago and now I can't connect on Facebook. The app won't load none of my games will connect to it I can't even contact app support. Please fix!
What a miserable decision to update that will not load any contents and eventually timed out with network errors while I'm on full LTE connection.
Since the newest update my notifications never work, Everytime I check my notifications it says the page cannot be found. Very annoying and frustrating.
Facebook is a marketing scam, they use your info and sell it, they can track your locations see you texts photos. They are basically big brother behind the curtain. I deleted my Facebook 2 years ago, and I am very glad I did. It’s nothing but trouble. The reason it’s around is because marketers make it appeal to the younger and older generations that Facebook is something we need. You are all in a lie. Good day.
I'm tired of all the ads of places I've been close to just because my location is turned on. Stop spying on users for ads, put user privacy first.
I hate that you can’t fast forward previously recorded lives. It needs to be fixed with new update!!!
New update hasn't fix issues for used to much excessive battery drain. Facebook very slow and excessive the battery .also drain RAM in playground but the worst in this app is has take to much lose battery and we should improving Facebook . Unfortunately that all updates considered as the worst.
CONSTANTLY CRASHING. Annoying af. Not to mention that it makes my phone lock up for upwards of 30 seconds after closing the app following said crash...   UPDATE: After upgrading to a new phone, new iOS, and new version of Facebook, god awful STILL isn’t enough to describe how terrible this app is. It’s even worse than it was before and is practically unusable. What an absolute joke.   Facebook, you are a global household name worth billions. Can you honestly not afford to at least hire competent app developers?? FFS... Even the garbage app that is Tumblr isn’t this bad!! 
This latest update December 2017 is horrible! I can’t get onto here unless connected to WiFi, which has never happened. Please fix, soon... Please and thank you!
Would be great if tagging people didn’t send them a message on messenger instead of just tagging them.
I was trying to send you proof of my purchases but I guess I can’t
It was working fine but now after this last update, when I try to go to a post!  It’s saying page not found but my friends are still posting on the post....smh
To much porn, fake news, bullying, suicide, gang rape, gang violence, killing being promoted. It has lost its reason for being.
Way too many ads Remind me of the yahoo pages in early 2000s with a gazillion ads  Try reducing the number of ads and making them less repetitive. 
The most recent update is very glitchy when it comes to viewing notifications especially those regarding comments on posts in groups.
FB's desperation to increase the average user's time on their site from five to six hours a day (my estimate) has led to me turning off all notifications. Why would I possibly need a notification when a friend who I don't even care about comments on THEIR OWN PICTURE THAT I HAVE NEVER EVEN SEEN??? But the true knife in the side is that they are impossible to shut off. Painful.
Having to click "share" twice so I don't have to share to the "story" (which I don't use) is awful and ridiculous. Being able to set the app not to ever share to my "story" was much, much better.
crashes every time so anoying
I'm liking one photo at a time and the rest gets all the same likes and comments!  I’m getting cut off the app if I’m in the middle of posting! 
This new update is crap. Anytime someone comments on a post, it looks like they’re the one who posted it. It’s so annoying cause it’s hard to distinguish a comment from the actual poster of the thread. WAY too many adds and I’m so tired of being asked to boost my business posts. Every single post is not doing 95% better than the last and I’m not paying you to bump them up.
Now I see you copied Androids bad decision on marking read or unread notificatios. Your shading them. I can't see your shade. The dots were perfect, put them back, please!  ********* You need to stop messing with what works! Now I can't search within the sales groups! What's up with that??? And dumping all of the sales groups together? Worst idea ever!!! Back off! 
Now it gives a bubble with a friend who commented on another friend’s post and gives you the option to like or comment on the comment. The only way to like or comment on the original post is to click Comment, View Post and then you can Like it. That’s ridiculous! 95% of the time I want to Like or Comment on the original post, not someone’s comment! Please stop this annoying change!
It is a great convenient way to use the app as the controls are at the bottom row. But the app has a lot of bugs. For example the app sometimes doesn't open certain notifications for me and even refuses to show some potential notifications which is really important to me.  It refuses to open the app where I left off after 5-8 mins of inactivity. Which is really annoying. After all I think that the app performs much better at flagship android phones though it's not the easiest to use on android. Pls fix those problems as soon as possible. And for info; I m not using an outdated device or OS. My current phone is iPhone se(which is not quite old)  It refuses to work after every 30 mins. Peace.. 
This new update is horrible. Why don’t y’all leave well enough alone. Tons of ads, timeline out of order, notifications to a non working link, and on and on!!!!! I’ll be so happy when someone else comes out for a replacement of fb like y’all did MySpace. Just a matter of time
Browser will do you better on Facebook.com than using this app will do for you. When using the app you get much less of it all and lately on iPad the top ten news stories or treneds cutoff at 6 in the middle of its description, it doesn’t even fully show you the sixth of ten total on the list before it just cuts off and refuses to show you the whole list. Really better off using online browser to visit the site instead of this app.
Hello dear.. Kindly be informed that we’re facing a huge problem with the Facebook application when I  open the app on iPhone its keep getting out in one second I couldn’t t open the app for the past two days 
Although there are a lot of AD’s starting to show I think it is the best format to stay in touch with friends (Both Old and New) and families! Please stay clear of government regulations and continue on! 
The latest version crashes on my iPhone X within 2 minutes of my opening the app.
Lately while using the app it suddenly stops and closes. And now with the new update it doesn’t open at all with ios 11.2.1
smh I can’t get all my notifications and when I clicked on it can’t get to them omg please fix this update 😢
Hate seeing every scamming shopping ads that Facebook “Promote” for me! And it never gone even I reported them as scam!
mary
I have never been able get Facebook marketplace on my iPad Mini 2 running OS 11. Anyone know why?
Fb making too much to monetize it. No stable updates coming. Frequent updates coming to collect user data to sell and making money. Seems Mark doesn’t care about user, just care about to money. Seems it’s time to left FB.
Why are we watching commercials on Facebook and why are ads covering our timelines???
Huge regress
I really dislike that Facebook allows the time in which you post content. That’s just feeding the stalkers more than anything...   I dislike the friends suggestion feature. I don’t care if I may know someone—I can find them if I want to, that’s what the search bar is for. Grotesque content seems to slip through and it’s aggravating. 
Just make it to where the most recent news feed option doesn't skip numerous posts!!!! I just want to have a most recent option that works so I don't see the same posts over and over in the "revamped" default news feed
I have an iPhone 6 and I have just been using the app normally and when I would click on links pop ups saying I had won something would begin appearing and the only way to get out of them is clicking "go" or the like and getting taken to a link saying I had won something. At first it just happened in the app but then it also began happening in safari and then when I was in a completely different app and a voice spoke and said "Congratulations you have won......".  I DON'T KNOW HOW TO FIX THIS 
When I receive notifications in the groups I am in on Facebook, a web page will pop up saying page cannot be found. I have to physically go to the group and find the notifications. Only on the app and phone web page, this is not an issue on the actual website on the computer. This glitch needs to be fixed ASAP.
1- Remove pop-up ads or make them skippable don’t force us to see them! 2- Fix Inserting emoji issue ( send button disappears after choosing an emoji to send ) 3- Make delete for everyone message! Just like whatsapp.  Thanks 
The app seems to keep forgetting my option for “Videos in News Feed Start with Sound”. This is incredibly annoying when I’m scrolling through my feed and the sound starts playing in a video.  Also, why can’t I choose Safari as my default browser? I hate having to re-login to certain sites. And the Facebook browser is SLOW. 
Facebook is a great app, and it is my favorite social media company. I would recommend this to anybody!
Where is marketplace?????
Im facing areal problems and I’ve sent reported problems many times with no answer !! And I deleted the application
Need to get rid of Facebook report cause people do it on purpose to lock u out of your account 😤‼️ and I got disabled
When are y'all gonna fix this so called update?! It's annoying seeing old posts pop up. I already know what everyone did last week. Fix!!
Developers should be required to specifically state what changes are in updates. The latest is full of bugs. Can’t reply to comments in groups. Pages won’t load. Notifications are dead links.
The current version of the app is like I’m on my desktop on some pages and mobile for others.  Half my notifications it tells me something went wrong and it won’t show it.  Once again Facebook goes 2 step backwards with an app update.
My account was hacked about a month ago and I’ve been trying everyday to get back on. I’ve tried making a new password but it won’t work. So, I’m going to protest silently until I can get back on my account!
What Moran would actually do this?!  But no way out except to close down app and come back later. Please get rid of this! 
Like the title says broken links everywhere, slower than ever speeds. So bad I had to write a review.
Sometimes it crashes before the newsfeed has even loaded! It's getting so ridiculous and annoying, I don't want to use the app anymore. Please fix this!
Keeps freezing and crashing and then freezes my whole phone for a couple of minutes when I exit the app and then again until I close it and then after I close it. Please fix!
Im highly thinking about deleting this app strictly because I have to watch an ad every time I watch a video. Even if the video is 10 seconds long.
This last upgrade makes you listen to the soundtracks of every post, whether you want to or not. Now I can't check out FB without disturbing everyone else. 😟 👎🏼 
Update on 12/17/17– having Trouble w/ messenger app after software 11.2 update and the messenger update. It is showing Facebook under my name instead of messenger and saying I haven’t downloaded or joined messenger. I don’t want to lose any contacts or conversations. What’s happened? How can you correct this and how can I get it to be right on this app? Please developers respond!!!!!!  Usually this app is awesome and amazing, however the app just changed back to its old login way instead of the picture. What happened. Please Fix this & protect customers. For a while it went back to the new way of just the picture login, now it's back to the he Facebook square at the top and my picture on the left side then my name next to it then on right side 3 dots, where you can push turn on logged out notification and under has remove account from device in red.i don't like that because if my phone is not locked someone could pick it up, push the FB app and remove my acct. or anyone else that has this. This really needs to be checked and fixed PLEASE 
You guys sold out big time. Facebook is so annoying now. Just ads everywhere, interrupting videos and unnecessary notifications when you haven’t been on in a while just to get you back on.
New app seems to do nothing but reboot Constantly!
Nice
I updated my Facebook yesterday and it disappeared off my phone. It says open when I get on here but it’s no where on my phone. Why is that?
Stop showing me marketplace and making it harder to see groups. And I always ask to to less of certain people or groups and it seems like clicking that makes em show up as the dominant feed in my page. I do follow many groups, non profits and organizations but I rarely see friend's feeds. I wish you could tailor your personal feed more to represent what you actually want to see because what you're giving me isn't it.
App keeps randomly kicking me out and instantly kicks me out if I click on an article link. Can't read articles and open links anymore with this app. But articles and links I can read just fine and I don't get kicked out if I log into Facebook on my browser. Please get these bugs fixed ASAP so it can be enjoyed like it should be!
I am fine with ads on my timeline and everything but putting an ad in the middle of a video makes me get off Facebook every time. Everything else is great but that’s just such an annoyance I’d rather be on Twitter.
What a problem !!! When I open my Facebook it can’t be login it says that ( no connection ) and the massenger won’t open too .... and i can’t open my Facebook account in internet ... please somebody help me .... is there problem 😡😡😡 
I see the same thing on my news feed for days and when it does update, it’s only 2-3 new posts and right back to the old posts. No point in using my Facebook if I just see the same news feed day after day. Plus, get rid of the ads.
Facebook is getting worse and worse, to the point that i only care to use it 1 every week or every other week.  First, having Facebook Messenger as a separate app is terrible. I hate to use it separately. It’s very inconvenient.  More recently the app is filled with ads. There are way too many that appear while scrolling through feed or viewing related videos. And the   Now after this last update, i opened the app for the first time in 3-4 days, and when trying to Like a post, it keeps giving me the alert  “Trying too often: You are trying this too often. Please try again later”. Then it signs me out. This will repeat after signing back in.   I’m not sure what your equation is, but i’m definitely not a bot or spamming people with Likes. Basically has become unusable at this point. Terrible experience. 
This app has become totally useless at times. Sometimes it just closes on it’s on, the notifications aren’t responsive or take me to the group instead of the post, and the comments appear blank sometimes, despite having many comments. I often have to restart the app or phone to use it properly and that’s ridiculous!
Since the last update all videos buffer like crazy. So annoying. Also too many unskippable ads now. Makes me not even want to use Facebook anymore
Facebook is full of ads that are unnecessary. I don’t want to see post that are 3 and 4 days old. I want to see recent updates from my friends. All these updates and yet nothing is different. 🤔🤔.
I’m disliking that I can’t control  notifications on my pages that I manage.  I don’t want to boost a page every time I do something. A notification keeps popping up on the  page it’s annoying.  It should be my choice if I want to boost it just like in settings. 
التحديث الاخير خرا زي صاحبه زقلر ياخرا ياخرااا شن الخرا هدا النم دير لروحك حل و لا انقز من فوق عماره ولا كول كشيك هريسه ياخرا وربي انت لخرااا
Do not download this app. People have said that the Facebook app listens to you talk regardless if you are using the app, and provides advertisement relevant to your conversation. I feel like my privacy has been invaded and eavesdropping on people’s conversations is far from ethical.
Fb all is a battery hog. It causes all types of other glitches in my phone along with in app type issues everytime there's a great update...I get broken links... All my comments on a post marked spam immediately so I know no one is doing it. I hit one action it does another. I'm one more update away from uninstalling it... Just aggravating...
Still can’t delete notifications on the iPad mini 2 and if you delete them on the iPhone they still stay on the iPad
Ever since The 11.2.1 update I can't find the poke button to respond to people that poked me in the pass. Please help I have the 8+
Pretty irritating everyone else I know has the market place icon but I don’t. And when market place pops up their suggestions on things I would like and try to view more, I get booted off the app 😡😡😡.  Not sure what the deal is here but it angers me A LOT.
I use to love Facebook but their lack of help with the public and trying to change your password is ridicules and impossible
I enjoy connecting with my family and friends but when they post pictures it shows the link to the album and a few pictures. As you scroll down your feed you will see each individual picture they posted. What’s the point in directing people to an album when you can just keep scrolling to see them anyway? It takes up space in my newsfeed and then there’s that dot at the end pretty much saying sorry nothing else to see now. I’m more than positive that 1 friend isn’t the only one who posted that day.   Please stop with the constant ads! Especially the repetitive ones! I click the box that says hide ad and the reason why, yet they still show up.  Why is it while I’m reading an article the app will randomly time out and close you out of the app? I then have to go back in and find the article to pick up where I left off. Or hopefully find it on another search engine. 
When creating a post, you have to choose feed or story. If I wanted to post to my story, I would. This just seems like an attempt to remind everyone that Facebook has stories, by shoving them in everyone's face. Get rid of stories, no one uses or cares about the feature.   And why show me posts from a week ago, that I've already seen and interacted with, that has no new activity on it? It just clogs up my feed. 
The latest update is the atrocious- why did it get changed???   Regularly, the notifications don’t bring me to the item mentioned- So-and-So commented on XYZ Post? That’s wonderful, you’re not going to see it when you press to be connected though. Instead, we’ll route you to the group and good luck finding the Post, never mind the comment.   And it looks horrible. It looks old and ridiculous aesthetically. 
The most recent “update” is awful.   The layout & format are not user friendly at all.   Lots of bugs too.   Notification counts are not correct (doubles the amounts). When you click on the notifications to see them there’s a variety of errors. If someone tagged you in a comment you see the notification but receive a “page not found” response when clicking on it. If the notification is about someone commenting under a post in a group page it does not take you to the specific post or comment like it did previously, but instead takes you just to the group page itself.   This update needs to be fixed ASAP. It is by far the WORST update to any app I have ever seen. 
There’s a problem when i won’t see some notifications it tell me (pages not found) I’m so apset
Why do I keep losing Marketplace on the Facebook app, the same happens in my iPad. My location is set correctly and I keep things updated, this is BS
The title says it all. When I first downloaded the latest update, I was hopeful. Not anymore. This version of the app seems to have a preference for outright eating my posts. I'll type, post, and then POOF it just disappears. No error message, no timeout, just a post that never makes it to the site.  Dec 2018 update: now every notification leads to a Page Not Found error. Great update for the weekend, FB! 
every time I press to see my friends story I open it and it crashes and pop me out before the time end😡
My timeline won't appear. It only says Network Error
Was wondering if I was the only one getting annoyed by facebooks thirst for money and lack of effort to fix bugs in the system, but I’m not the only one after I scrolled down the reviews an seeing everyone saying the same thing.   Advertising every 4-5 posts  Security problem, used google to look for a grill to buy on my iPhone through safari, and Facebook advertising the same one through a add, same Exact One, meaning privacy is a huge problem, it’s a completely different program on my phone  Video viewing changed 3times over the course of 2 months, annoying   instagram that is owned through Facebook is saying my friends are asking me to join, (they are not) can’t hide add. I Deleted the people sharing it saying I should join, it still did it with all of the deleted.   Video feed changed, and can’t edit a comment after making it, or delete. (Using IPhone 6s, had it even replaced, still going)  Facebook drops in the middle of all uses of the app. (Also Note it was done also after I had my phone replaced thinking it was my phone)  Download if u want but seeing the comments, I’m certain facebooks time is running out. Deleted today, content with the decision.  Finding answers to problems through the creators of Facebook is none existent. Done with Facebook all together 
Facebook was good a while ago, now all I see is old stuff from days or hours ago. This and Messagener need to stop changing when they don’t need to.
It is automatically quit  I can’t connect to Facebook  ios system already updated Facebook too  Please do something  I can’t write any comments  Always quit 
Since the new update you guys did yesterday when people tag me in a closed group it says page not found and it’s a big group so I can’t find what is being said to me. Please fix it!
Edit: What's up with Marketplace being thrust on you as every third story? If I wanted to go shopping for broken Playstations, I'd be on Craigslist. C'mon, Facebook, give us a way to turn that off.  Wait… so Messenger can't be in the app, because THAT makes it cluttered and hard to use. But you can force this Snapchat imitation on everyone and have it take up 1/4 of the screen, with no way to hide it or even to hide a person's "Story"?  There's already a way to tell a story. Put my friend's posts in my newsfeed where they belong, and quit forcing me to see Facebook's corporate story every time I open this app, which I'm about to uninstall. I can't say I won't use Facebook, but I can switch to the mobile version and check it less often.  Same thing goes for Messenger. Why would you think we need to see everyone's "Day" twice?  (Oh, and it would also be really nice if Messenger were to come back into this app in that little bubble interface, too. It was way better.) 
Now when someone comments any picture or post, it looks like they’re sharing it. Comment goes on top of the pic/post. All just a big mess, so confusing. Stop coming up with crap like this
This app is always crashing and it has too much going on.
Recently my feed keeps repeating the same posts from the same people whenever anyone New comments. No Matter how many days old the post is. Meanwhile, I’m not seeing new posts others. Why this change?
Too many ad's, heavy consumption of data! Always updating app, in comments section people fight eachother instead of learning  here people don't learn plus how can one be downloading Facebook over 356mb on iphone too expensive!!!
Seems like all there is are ads on Facebook. Please listen to your users and allow the blocking of marketplace suggested ads.
Every day is worst. The timeline change without sense. At least before you knew that a new comment could show the same post again, but now, I keep seeing old post, over and over.  I want to see the post in order! 
1. Ads I don’t like  2. Likes I don’t care about 3. Donate feature I am disgusted by  4. See less of doesn’t work 5. Messenger still separate  6. Instagram I don’t care about 7. Pages I don’t care about 8. Marketplace I don’t care about  9. Celebrity news I don’t care about 10. Cannot delete older posts   Overall a failure 
It won’t let me see the responses that people make on my comments. It is glitching like crazy
What is wrong with the new update!!
The text is too small to read, notifications lead to “Page not Found” errors –in other words, they fixed what wasn’t broken, but it sure is broken now!
Facebook continues to mess up this app with every update. It was working pretty well until this latest update and bam, it starts doing the same things that it was doing back on August 2017. I am starting to believe that they are hiring former USPS workers to write the code for this app!
Facebook has really become video book , when you are not even interested in the video it’s opens it self , i don’t understand why? It’s doesn’t make sense , moreover it’s internet data bundle draining , please make changes to it
Facebook has became one big add. Watching a video? ADD. Scrolling through your news feed? ADD. Talking about Ipsy on your phone? Loooookkie there, an Ipsy add. The messenger app is still a joke, like I don’t want that darn thing, but that’s the only way I’m able to talk to my best friend. It’s just unnecessary. The Facebook stories are a joke like cmon. Stop ripping off Snapchat. I’m  surprised they didn’t make you download another app for it too like with the stupid messenger app.
I keep getting “page not found” when clicking on a notification on the notifications tab. Sometimes the notification links work and sometimes they don’t. A lot of the pages don’t load and have that error message. Some just come up blank.
you need to fix this app! It's getting very inappropriate..!!
I am so sick of this stupid app telling me there is no connection when there is & literally every other app works! This has been happening for months! Deleting. I’m sick of it.
I have tried a few avenues to get the new version of Facebook. My language is set to English US (it still won’t update) I’ve made sure my phone is up to date, fb related still nothing. Ive removed the app and cleared history and cookies, still won’t update to the new version... I can even have someone with the update log into their own page on MY app and it will look how it should. They log out and I log into mine and mine is still old.... what gives? What’s wrong with my settings. A ton of people are having this problem yet there’s no information to be found that helps.
Looking at my group page the change bars are not identifying new items. When you look at the groups it shows the number of unseen posts. When you look at the group and return to the index page the number of updates is not changed.
The latest update makes it unusable. Notifications links lead to error pages or group pages without actually leading to the comment or post in question. It won’t post video comments or GIFs anymore. This is a mess.
I don’t even give this one star. Since the newest update, I get notifications on people replying to my posts or comments, but when I tap on it, I get a “this page isn’t available”, but when I go to the posting, it’s there. Fix this issue already and stop updating the app... you keep screwing it up.
The fun sure is gone from Facebook.
The app reverted back to an update that was completed like 3 updates ago. It continues to close out when I try to use the updated version. I’m just upset that it hasn’t been caught and another update pushed out to fix the issue.
This latest update has a glitch.  When I click on a notification the link comes up with Page Not Found even though I can actually go to my groups to find it. This seems to only be happening with notifications about posts in the groups I belong to.  I hope this is fixed soon.
To add: now half of my notifications don’t load, they say that the page or content can’t be found (even though the post has not been deleted nor have I been blocked from it). And the other half of the notifications are loading desktop versions of the page. What’s going on guys? Each update is seriously just bringing more problems 😔  What is up with the new 9+ notifications? Any more and you’re no longer capable of telling me the number? This is so idiotic. Give me my full number of notifications. This app gets worse and worse with each update. 
“I'm Mark, the Director of Facebook. Hello everyone, it seems that all the warnings are real. Facebook use will cost money. If you send this string to 18 different from your list, your icon will be blue and it will be free for you. If you do not believe me, tomorrow at 6 pm Facebook will be closed and to open it you will have to pay. This is all by law. This message is to inform all our users that our servers have recently been very congested. We are asking for your help to solve this problem. We require that our active users forward this message to each of the people in your contact list in order to confirm our active facebook users. If you do not send this message to all your facebook contacts, then your account will remain inactive with the consequence of losing all your contacts without the transmission of this message. Your SmartPhone will be updated within the next 24 hours, will have a new design and a new color for the chat. Dear Facebook users, we are going to do an update for Facebook from 23:00 p.m. until 05:00 a.m. on this day. If you do not send this to all your contacts, the update will be cancelled. You will not have the possibility to chat with your facebook messages. You will have to pay the rate unless you are a frequent user. If you have at least 10 contacts, send this SMS and the logo will turn red to indicate that you are a user Confirmed ... We finish it for free. Tomorrow they start to collect the messages for facebook at 0.37 cents. Forward this message to more than your 9 contacts and it will be free for life for you. Watch and the ball will turn green. Do it and you will see Facebook is now free. Send to 10 people to reactivate your service again without cost.”
Second Update: The app now crashes every time it rudely and spontaneously updates on my Apple device. While trying to edit a post, it crashed 4 times in a row! It actually lost my video of my year while I was editing it. Not cool Facebook! It is really pissing me off! Please fix it!
More ads -_-
Facebook claims that I login from an unfamiliar location every time I try to login.  Usually says San Antonio, TX.  Whether I agree it is my login or not, they make me reset my password.  EVERY SINGLE TIME I ACCESS FACEBOOK!  Useless!
When clicking on a notification to a response to a comment “Bob replied to his comment on your post” it loads a full sized web page like I would see on the computer and says “page not found” within the mobile app. I have to go find my post and scroll to find what comment 🙃 fix it
It’s not fun using your platform anymore because of all the adds.  And now I’m seeing them in the middle of videos.  FB has done well but that is going to end if you continue down this road your on.  I don’t watch cable tv because of the adds and now I won’t be using FB either.  Greedy FB
As a blind user I use voiceover with this app constantly. You've broken the post button when updating your status now. Good job. If at all possible, please fix the post button again when using voiceover. That came as a surprise when I tried to update my status 4 times and finally had to give up. I hope you guys can fix it soon. It's causing me not to be able to use the app anymore.
Yesterday 12/15/17 All of a SUDDEN my App Kept Crashing! When it FINALLY came back up.. It was an OLD VERSION😡 NO MESSENGER QUICK AVAILABILITY. NO EXPRESSION FEATURES👍🏾😊💙😡😢 NO FB LIVE BUTTON!!! What is REALLY going On!!!??? I Run my BUSINESS via FB and I Need EVERY FEATURE AVAILABLE!! Please Fix It! I even UNINSTALLED the App and ReInstalled it.. Still stuck in 2015! Come on FB! And YES MY Version is the 153.0 The latest version.
You screwed up the comment text bar
Crashes all the time and won't let me update
Others work fine, just an issue that happens randomly
It seems this update stopped showing a friend’s online status when you select them?  Now just blank under their picture whereas it used to say in green text if they archive/online in FB. ...and if they were not, how long ago they were ...though after a few hours of a friend being offline, it would go “blank” again The that spot.  Perhaps they are continuing the pressure to use their Messenger app to adopt that feature again? 
I just updated and every single time I try to like something it tells me “too many attempts” and logs me out. Ridiculous
How does this app have a 3+ star rating when most of the reviews I’ve read are rating it less than 2? From what I can tell (after several months of reporting my marketplace issue to Facebook) they essentially are cherry picking who gets whatever features (and couldn’t care less if you have a problem with it) I get Facebook is huge, but I also know I’m not alone with this problem.
Why every time I update my iPhone Facebook app doesn’t want to cooperate ? The font of the lettering are always too big or small - I’m sent to another page that I didn’t click on or it keeps saying page not found or link is broke & that’s not the case. This happens EVERY TIME 🤬 it’s only & always Facebook 🤦🏽‍♀️
I can’t even click on a video without it glitching out. Every time I go back to the video it takes me off the app again
No way to edit or copy a comment.   Can’t hold over anything anymore to copy.  What the hell???
Newest updates crash almost every time the app is opened.
Hate the newest updates.
I have been locked out of my business account for almost 6 months because of I was hacked in my personal account.  I don’t care to reopen my personal account but I have tried to reopen my business account but it is closed because they have to research my picture.  Oh come on, it is me!  And yes, I am the same person that Facebook said I did something on my personal account which I did not do whatever it was!  Ah come on, I am a small business and this is unfair!
New update is HORRIBLE. Anytime someone replies and I get notified, if I click that notification it says “page not found.”  Please fix! 
👍🏼
This latest update has totally screwed up my notifications and being able to read replies to comments from notifications. When I click to see replies, I get a “page not found” page. It’s very frustrating. The view in my groups is also messed up on occasion. Please remedy this.
The notifications just went to poop on the last update. When you click the notification it doesn’t actually link you to the location. It tells you the link was broken or just takes you the page and the specific post from the person. Thank you Facebook for making my business harder. Well done.
Live has so many glitches. Did a live in a group and can’t see the comments. When I go back and watch it they don’t come up either
Almost every time I click a notification I get a link broken message. Please fix this! Also, can no longer crop photos in comments. Please go back to previous update!  This is awful! 
I don’t have the marketplace icon on my Facebook.  I even contacted the support but they didn’t respond.  The whole icon is not showing up on my app!  It seems the “social network” is becoming anti social.
App now bypassing "never allow location" to spam weather updates.
My Facebook app (iPhone) updated itself on the 14th and has been complete garbage ever since. Not only do I hate the new way comments appear over posts (it looks like the post has been shared with a new description), but I suddenly can't edit comments (the "more" option leads only to delete), and about 75% of the time I get a comment notification, I click on it and it says the page/post couldn't be found! I have to guess which post it was on and go searching on my own to find any responses. When I am brought to the correct post, it leaves me at the top, so I have to scroll to find where the comment may be (used to be directed straight to the new comment from the notification). Also, things just look really stupid. Whatever you did to reformat things was a bad idea. Please fix these bugs or bring back the previous version!
I just deleted the app because the amount of ads in the newsfeed, tons of sponsored videos, and the lack of seeing any new content from friends. It’s extremely ridiculous that I have over a thousand friends and I only see stuff from 10 people in the feed. Now every video I click has a flippin 30 second ad halfway through. If it’s something I really want to see I end up going over to YouTube to watch it in less time. I see Facebook going the way of myspace based on how the company is being ran.
This most recent update totally broke my app. I’m still getting all my notifications but I can’t click on them to actually go anywhere. It brings me to a “page cannot be found- may have been deleted” error, but if I track down whatever post it was and scroll to where I was tagged, I can see the post is still there.
10/10/2015: This version keeps crashing my iPhone 5S.  New bug in app that won't let videos play.  5/30/2015: FB app keeps crashing while reading stories posted by pages or even while watching videos. Also noticed poor sound or no sound when attempting to watch some videos. Was hoping there was an update to address this.  12/16/2017 What the hell facebook! This latest update has two bugs I’ve found now. The first is that when you upload a picture it won’t let you edit it. The second is the worst though. I open my app, go to my notifications and it opens in a browser like page in the app. Like you are viewing the app like you would on a computer, not a phone. And, when it does this for all my notifications, it says page not found with the thumb, just like a viewing Facebook on a computer webpage. The  link is dead and not unavailable because people are still replying to the posts. 
and i hate the stupid market place.i give no star.
I think I speak for everyone here when I say that I am so sick and tired of you writing that same  little message in the update place. What, you work hard to update the app but  you’re too lazy to write what you did like a normal person? Go ahead and look at some of the apps out there, they are not too lazy to write what they did. Well would you look at that? your rival Twitter  does it. Want to be better than them, don’t you? Well that’s one way. And that’s not all, you also decide to put it in the app. Writing  it once wasn’t enough, you have to annoy people even more by not putting what you did in plain view. What’s next, making us read our posts in a weird language that nobody cares about? I sure hope not, because I’m sure you’ll probably lose all your users in a heartbeat. Now that I’m done with that, here is  some advice for you. Stop trying to be lazy and do your own thing and only care about money, and legitimately make the app better for us. Think about what people are saying in the reviews, and right what you did in the update place.
With the recent update - when I click on my notifications, instead of being taken to the item, I’m either taken to a weird version of it - like a weird format, or it tells me the page is not found.
I no longer can get into my Facebook account after the last update!!!  That last update sucked!!!!
With the latest update I keep getting a “this page cannot be found error”
In the middle of a video or in the middle of reading an article and the app crashes. Getting real tired of this
No matter what you click or where you scroll there is always an ad, it is quite annoying and is the cause of everyone deleting facebook, so now ill be taking my exit as well
Seems like every time y’all fix one thing in the app something else ends up being messed up. I don’t know if this happens on just the app but I’ve noticed when I see posts from different like pages it will say the post has X amount of comments but when I actually click on the comments they don’t show. And this only happens on like pages, not on anyone’s personal pages. Also I wish the app wouldn’t automatically refresh itself every time I click out of it. I could be looking at a post and close out of Facebook to look at something else on my phone then go back to finish reading the post and Facebook will refresh itself before I can finish reading the post I was on.  Update: why is it when y’all update to fix one thing you mess something else up? After the recent update I now notice I haven’t been getting push updates to my phone for my Facebook notifications 
Since the update I performed yesterday I keep getting Page Not Found when I click on a notification!
After 9 years of being on here they disabled my account claiming I violated their standards which I did NOT, I reported someone who threatened to rape my kid and FB did nothing but disabled me instead. Hypocrites!
Very slow and crashes since 11.2.1
I cat open my Facebook app on m phone
Facebook crashing after new iPhone update.
My Facebook app  closes for no reason .
Seriously?
This update is so bad not work with iPhone 11.2.2 Developers try to fix it 
It’s keeps crashing. I’ve tried everything to try and fix it but nothing’s working...
Crashes 2 seconds after opening every single time. iPhone 8 TMobile
Whenever I updated the app, the app does not even open anymore. As it tried to open it keeps crashing...
And now all of a sudden the Facebook app crashes. Please fix!
This update is not allowing me to use my app it keeps closing it when I open the app
It keeps crashing. Impossible to even open.
Can’t open FB app..  I re-downloaded FB app again, but still couldn’t open it. 
Looks like the facebook geeks pushed a bug with latest update. So much of rigorous process and testing & finally a release with a bug that cause app to crash down !
Currently, the app will not open after the last iPhone update
Facebook keeps force closing each time I attempt to open the app after the recent update. It needs to be fix I also conduct business on Facebook.
Can’t use the app after the latest update. Immediately forces close.
App keeps crashing on iPhone X.
I updated Facebook today... well now it would be yesterday 12/15/17 and the app crashes. Doesn’t even fully load before it does it. My iPhone is updated so it isn’t that. Please fix this
Every single time I open the app since I’ve updated it crashes. 😫 why FB.
My Facebook app keeps crashing for it please !!!
Hey guess what the new update that was just installed makes the app crash. Good job Facebook.
After new update I can’t even use app. Shuts down 3 seconds after opening
When Facebook open its force stop always! At this morning I used but finish lunch can't open  And always quit ! Plz help ! 
My facebook app keeps crashing! this isnt the first time either. ive updated and cleared cache already. what the heck facebook
I can’t use the mobile app! It continually closes as soon as I open it and I have no way to report the problem because the instructions are wrong! ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!! The app used to work, but something suddenly changed. I shouldn’t be surprised, as FB changes nearly everyday. It’s getting old.
I had to delete and reinstall the app as it keeps on crashing on my iPhone?? You have a bug going?? Never used to happen before  Wrote r That review few months ago. It improved for a short while and now it’s back to crashing nonstop,,. as soon as I start it! Needs fixing again: maybe You are getting hacked or your servers unable to handle the increased traffic, please fix 
I updated my Facebook today to the current version, as soon as it finished I opened the app, none of my feed popped up besides text, every photo was grayed out and I couldn’t scroll, after ten seconds or so the app would just crash. Deleted and reinstalled three times, reset my phone and checked for iOS updates, everything is up to date and the app is still crashing. Guess I’m stuck using browser FB.
Not only is the app force closing itself over and over when it does work it’s like I’m using dial up from the early nineties. Very frustrating.
Last update is so messed up that facebook wont even load , just crashes every time i open it
Everytime i get on it kicks me out!
Facebook was fun. Now it just closes on me all the time after latest update. I guess it was time to leave Facebook alone anyway
Used to love it but now I updated it keeps crashing!
I've been trying to open my app but every time I click on my app it shuts down after 5 seconds. And it does it over and over again.
Latest version crashes iPhone 7s
Since downloading the update, the app will not work on my phone. Every time I open it, it crashes.
With the recent update. All it does is crash.  Can’t even open the app.
Recent update won’t allow me to tag groups or pages and it’s really annoying!
Keeps forcing close
My Facebook is still stuck on the same old look and every time i update it’s not to the new look can somebody help me please
Every time I try to open Facebook it closes right away. Can’t get into it. I’m on iPhone 7+ and it was working up until a couple hours ago. I’ve uninstalled and reinstalled reset my phone. Everything and it’s still not working. Ever since these updates the app is acting up
When I open the app, it crashes repeatedly, I deleted and downloaded the app again and it continues to do so, It's really frustrating.
I delete a lot of things I reset a lot my iPhone to see if maybe I would not see the problem Download the app to many times Not working 
But it keeps on CRASHING
This version started to crash with 24 hours of getting updated.  Can’t launch.  Exits out right away to the home screen.
I’m use IPhone 6s Plus ios 11.1.2, I just updated facebook new version 159.0 and I always crash app, can’t use fb again. Wthhhhh
Since the new update I can’t open Facebook every time I open it it gives me a black screen and takes me home.
Everyone is talking about the live audio feature that came out months ago, I still don’t have It. I keep getting kicked off
I am using Facebook app on iphone 7. After updating my iphone and Facebook app. My Facebook account is not working. I opened my Facebook but after 3 second app shuts down.  Kindly check this problem. Thanks sir  Your faithful, Hasan iqbal. 
Just did the update. Now every time I try to open the app, it immediately shuts down!!! What is that about?!?!
Terrible. Not very organized. I see post from 3 days ago before I see post from today. App keeps crashing
FB doesn’t open up anymore with this new update
It’s crushing in iOS 11.1 !  I can’t use properly because of app crush problem 
Facebook please fix the iPhone SE Facebook bug it keeps crashing
My app keeps crashing every time I open it. I’ve tried to delete it and reinstall the app and it still crashes. Please fix this!
The new update is no work!
I was enjoying the application until the screen closed as soon as I opened it, causing my screen to flash. How do we fix this issue?
Latest iOS update keeps crashing my app..HELP!
Cannot event launch the app, already deleted and re-download and still not working. iPhone 7.
New version 153.0 just auto updated. Crashes on iPhoneX!
App doesn’t even open now
My Facebook app is only crashing I uninstalled and reinstalled and it still won’t work
Kicking me out of app :( not happy won’t let me in
Pésimo  De un momento a otro dejo de funcionar la aplicación  Cada vez que intento entrar se cierra la aplicación automáticamente 
My app keeps shutting down dec 16 2017
I just updated to the latest version and now it won’t even open it without crashing
App keeps crashing 3 seconds into opening it. I reset things. Shut phone off/on. Delete/reinstalled app. Nothing works. Bugs on ur end.
Behaves weirdly and crashes on my iphone
I have had the fb app for years now! And this past month I been having the same problem where it just randomly closes out! Now I tap the app to go in and I can’t!! So disappointed because fb is my main social media to interact with family, friends, groups, etc. I do makeup live tutorials and now I can’t even get in the app anymore smh!! Fix this please ?
My app keeps crashing and closing!!! Why have it when I can’t even use it?! What is going on???
Keeps crashing when I load app
This update is a failed limit that must be modified
I can’t open my Facebook.   When I’m trying To open it’s open for 1 second and then crash.  And closed
التحديث فاشل وحده يخرج
App keeps crashing , keep up Facebook
Facebook is worst than ever. It started by closing when you watch a video, later started to closing tha application when you try to search for anything on search bar, now is closing after loading all content for timeline. It’s really annoying and I hope a new update can be made available as soon as possible.
I click on app and it closes right after
Usually i love the app but tonight it’s irritating my soul. It keeps closing out on me!
Crashes when I open and frustrating
On the iPhone new update!  Please fix This I open and it closes Until then I'm keeping this app uninstalled! Doesn't even deserve 1 star 
Ever since the new update today as soon as I open up Facebook it will close out just as fast. I have restarted my phone and still happens. NOT PLEASED AT ALL!!!!
Ads, crushes, fake profiles etc
Since this new update I can click on the app and it closes as soon as I open it
My Facebook blacks out sighing 5 seconds every time I click the app
Facebook app keeps closing every time I open it. It loads for a second and then closes the app. I cannot access Facebook whatsoever besides from my browser. Saw there was an update today. Looks like this needs to be fixed.
My app no longer loads up since it’s recent upgrade.
The new update on 12/15/17 made the app unusable. It crashes as soon as I open it. Please fix it.
Facebook quits unexpectedly this morning, iphone 6s , iOS 11.1.2, even delete it & reinstalled it the same problem!!!
Since I have had my iPhone X Facebook keeps crashing!! Also I’m sick of these ads🙄
Every time I click the app it closes out before even loading update this.....
Since FB app was updated, it takes forever to do anything! My internet is smokin fast, and regular Facebook on my pad works fine. But wether it’s on my pad or my phone, the app has slowed everything down by at least 75%! Go to marketplace, and I tap on something I want to see and nothing. It does nothing! Reboot whichever unit I’m on and still NOTHING! Before upgrade it worked pretty well. Minor problems with deciding if I could see what I tapped on, but now almost impossible to get results. Not happy at all with latest update! It’s bad when you want to see something, and no matter what you do it refuses to link you to the description!!!! This needs to be addressed BUT QUICKLY!! Will dump this app if it doesn’t work like it says!!!
After the update it continues to force close no matter how many times I delete/reinstall or reset my phone. I’m definitely not about to factory rest just for one app so ✌🏽
Facebook needs to fix the app immediately the app keeps crashing every time I try to open it.
It keeps freezing and closing
The app keeps closing on its own.
App keeps crashing upon loading. As soon as I open it, it crashes and will not stay open.
New update is not working with Iphone 6. As soon as open the app it crashes.. so disappointed
After this update the Facebook app closed automatically after 5 seconds I try to reinstall it but nothing solve this issues!!!! My phone is IPhone 7 Plus ??? Any help
I can't use this app anymore.
Ok so my app was working fine with my account so now when I go to open app after the update it keeps closing as soon as I open it wirh my account but I tried something to see I made a new account and it worked fine but I’m not gonna have every1 move over to a new acct I have so many people on my old 1 is there a solution any 1know of anytbing to fix this with so I don’t have to make a new account
updated the app, now it closes within a few seconds everytime i open the app. I tried deleting and reinstalling it but it's still crashing.
Since last update Facebook app is not working good for iPhone 7
My app is not letting me get on at all smh
For some reason when I open the app, the two factory identification pops up, and then closes it automatically after that. I’ve uninstalled it multiple times and even updated my phone. I also shut my phone off and on, but it still won’t stay open.   It keeps crashing for no reason and I’m not sure what to even do? 
I don't know what's up with the latest version, but it crashes every single time I try open the app.
Respring all time after uadate the new version
Every-time I open my app it closes. When I click on pictures it closes out and says they are deleted. But they aren’t and I can click on them again. When I go to watch a story the screen goes black and if I swipe down out of it every thing is fine. I’m getting so tired of my Facebook crashing it’s unreal.   Fix it people. Please. I’m an avid Facebook user and just wanna use my app. 
As soon as the app opens it crashes! Support says to use the app to report a problem with it! How am I supposed to report a problem with the app if it won’t open???!
My app keeps crashing. I can’t press it without it immediately crashing.
App opens, screen goes black and it closes almost instantly after last app update. On IPhone 6s
We can't save videos that we've uploaded. I wish I could save them to my apple products. The update won’t even let the app open!!
The moment I downloaded the new update every time I try to open app it goes black and won’t let me open the app. Why even show new download if there’s bugs in it.
The app started to crash not even 2 seconds of loading it closes not allowing you to do much. And can’t check feed or marketplace part of the app.
After the update, it keeps going out from the facebook app.I don’t know what is wrong with this maybe ios11 but I bet its facebook update which causes this problem
App keeps closing and won’t stay on! Terrible! 
Since the update i can’t open fb on my phone.. please fix!!!
Force closing ever since the new update. Stay open for five seconds then closes
App updated now force closes right after opening.
Ok I'm getting upset the fact the Facebook app keeps on going off ya need to fix immediately
The app keep crashing
I like Facebook, but as of lately I can’t even scroll without it crashing! 😫😫😫  What’s the problem??? I’m not a fan of this 😒😒😒 
The app is now crashing every time I open it.
I can not open in my phone, ios 11.2. Crash everytime, i’ll try update and re install, nothing change.
i love the app but every time i open it, it crashes. i deleted it and downloaded it again but it still just shows a black screen and then goes to the home screen.
Everytime i get on it goes black and turn off 😡
It was working fine now every time I try to open it it closes
Facebook keeps crashing everytime I open it up on IPhone 6 Plus please help me
Hey team !  After updating the app is not opening up any more, it’s open and close on like this 5 a second ...  please fix it ASAP ! 
Once I tap on my app it quickly kicks me out I can’t even click on anything since it crashes immediately.
It’s crashing after this latest update
This app is getting on my nerves they seriously need to work on it , it keeps crashing every time 😡😡😡😡😡
I updated the app and now it’s crashing again. WTH are you people doing? Facebook was doing fine!
After the most recent update the app crashed within seconds of me updating this needs fixed ASAP.
New update keeps crashing.  Need to fix the bug.
Every time I open the app it crashes with seconds. Would love if you guys could try and fix this.
Every time I open your app, it crashes. #Really? #Why?
I installed the new update 3 times and still the app crashes upon its launch. I wish that Facebook comes out with a new update.   I'm running iOS 10.3 on iPhone 7 Plus. 
This new version continues to crash. Deleted and reinstalled. Still crashes. Even reset phone. 😡
New update just automatically downloaded and it shuts down about 5 seconds after opening. Someone has screwed up big time!
This app crashes every single time.  My notifications will pop up every time but when I click on the app, it says connection failed everytime. 
After the new update Facebook doesn’t work at all. When I click on the app it opens then  kicks me back to my home screen.
What happened? Facebook kept crashing and lo & behold when I came to see if it was updated, it updated today -_-
The app keeps crashing after the latest update!
Keeps logging me out I don’t like it
My app keeps crashing when I try to open it since the update.
Sense I updated Facebook yesterday I can’t get on at all , as soon as it loads up boom it crashes and it does it every time ! Please fix I wanna get back on fb !
5 stars because I love Facebook. I’m not sure if it’s the iOS update or the actual app update but as soon as I open Facebook, the app crashes. Messenger is fine. It just started happening about an hour ago out of no where
The app’s been closing automatically after the update. Doesn’t even let me scroll down through my newsfeed. 🤦🏾‍♀️ 
This app seems to crash too much and Facebook isn’t doing much to keep fraudulent profiles off and too many friends requests
App keep crashing and kick me out to the main screen with no reasons. Right now I can’t use the app anymore due to the conflict of this app. Please fix it, I can’t use it ?? Only messenger would allow me to use
Why is it crashing?!
Latest version crashes before I can actually use it. Reinstalled, restarted. Just won’t work.
this update are not good it get out every time i open my facebook
With the new update i cant even get on. As soon as i click the app to run it it stops.
Every time i open the app it crashes. Very annoying. Almost as annoying as the 52819363928638394739473947 adds on it
I haven’t had a problem with this app until now. It just keeps crashing since this latest update! 😡
New update makes the app come on, flicker, then shut down. Try again, does the same thing.
I open up the app and it keeps crashing. I updated to the newest version and have an iPhone X. I even tried uninstalling and it still happens. I don’t know what to do but complain
It keeps crashing every a second! I can't use Facebook for a few hours! Please fix that!
Fix it!!!
Guys it’s crashing on startup
Facebook blocks you over any little thing it’s very annoying. If there is a snippet of a song they block you. If you say something wrong they block you. This asking for your ID is wrong and bull crap. You need to back off
I have to give this app one star now.
This app is trash🚮🚮🚮 All it’s been doing is force closing as soon as the screen loads. This app is being deleted until it’s been fixed 🤷🏽‍♀️
Keeps booting me off! What gives?!
I love the app but now it’s not working right. Every time I click on the app is closes me out of Facebook.
Please, please, PLEASE..... fix the app so that the place isn’t lost in “most recent” when you go back to look at notifications.  Also, when someone posts more than one link to the timeline, don’t group them all together! It doesn’t load right! 
My stupid gif button is gone 😒
Ever since the last update my app crashes as soon as i open it
Your app keeps crashing on me, it worked perfectly other times but now I can’t even look through my Facebook 😭😭😭😭
Since my iPhone got the newest version of Facebook it now freezes on startup. No matter if I restart my phone it will launch the app, and close itself out..
I’m trying access facebook and the app forces close
Since the last update I can’t open the app it’s cracking I’m using the Facebook site
Why when I open my app it closed back out all the time can't even browse around
Facebook used to be good. Now it’s just a bunch of violence, sex, & ads. It’s boring & the app shuts down too much. I’m ready for something new. Maybe if they were to go back to how it used to be.... 🤷🏾‍♀️
After the latest update I can’t even get online. When I open the app the screen goes black and closes.
App Is crashing. I’m deleted app then restarted  Still doesn’t work 
App is crashing!!! Do something please.
This is literally the worst app I’ve ever had. I click on the app and it boots me back off every single time, so now I can’t even access my own account. Great. Wouldn’t even give it ONE star if I didn’t have to..
The app on my iPhone X keeps crashing when I open it. And I just updated to the latest version. Please fix the bug. Thanks
Y’all just updated to soo now out of no where when I open the app it crash every time I open it I can’t do nothing now ugh please help Facebook 🙌🏾😩
My Facebook app keeps booting me off as fast as I tap to open it. What is going on???
It has a bug my App keeps exiting on itself it is sad that I have to go on my safari to get on Facebook. Can you guys fix this problem ? Thankyou
every time i open the app it blinks out like i expecr more out of one of the world’s most used social sites.
Do NOT use the Facebook app on iOS 11.  It is TRASH. 
Worst app ever
Since I did the last update. It keeps closing on me when I try to open the app😩😩
The App keeps crashing and it’ll only work after maybe 5-7 times of it crashing, then it’ll appear as if it’s a new update but it’s not. I even looked at my girlfriend’s Facebook app on her phone and she doesn’t have the same problem. This needs to be fixed.
I just updated the app just last night. Hadn’t used the app until after the update and it keeps crashing. I have completely shut off my phone and rebooted it and it’s still crashing. I have the most current iOS update too. This needs to be fixed
Just got the newest update but its crashed on iphone x. Unbelievable !!!
Keeps force closing smh I uninstall and instal same thing reboot phone smh iPhone 7 Plus using
After the recent update the app can’t even be open. It keeps crashing every single time.
Just updated the app. Now it won’t allow me to use it. Every time I open the app it just closes.
I just updated my IOS AND Facebook and its crashing not opening.. just open and crash
The app won’t even let me open it. I’ve deleted and uploaded so many time and restarted me phone which is brand new by the way. And it still won’t work. What the hell?!?!
I updated my phone to the new apple software 11.2.1 and I can’t even open Facebook the app crashes everytime. I reinstalled Facebook twice and it’s doing the same thing please fix this problem
Your new update won’t work just crashes
Keeps force crashing!!!! Plz fix...
Every time I get on my app it keeps blacking out 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
Somethings wrong because after today’s update the app won’t stay open.
Almost after every update my Facebook keeps crashing. Please stop with the updates. Facebook was fine just how it was. You guys are starting to get ridiculous with how many bugs you have in this app. Very frustrating.
Not even on Facebook for five seconds and it keeps shutting down.. why is the happening. I use this for work and it keeps shutting down. Please fix.
Latest app yesterday on 15 December keeps crashing my iOS Facebook app for all my iPhones. Pls fix. Reinstalling app. Hard reset phone doesn’t fix. Can’t access Facebook with browser as I need the code generator from the app.
I am in the app store to re download the app because it won’t stop crashing. Every time I open it. So I decided while I’m here to update my review. Funny, the review I deleted to update it was about crashing too.   Also, the ads. OMG.   I get ads are money but the commercials during any video? That’s some crap. Like legit crap. Start thinking more about he users and less about your pocketbook. 
Always use Facebook but recent update is crashing the site. I cannot log in at all
Stopped working after most recent update
Keeps crashing after the last update. Facebook wyd bro?
I open my app and it shut down quick fix it
I can’t even open the app for more than 30 seconds with out it crashing.  I’ve deleted it and reinstalled multiple times, as well as restarting my phone.  The newest update didn’t make it better, only worse. 
This new update won’t allow my phone to stay on Facebook without crashing and closing the app. PLEASE FIX!
Facebook keeps shutting down on me and I changed my password
so i updated to version 153.0 and now whenever i open the app it crashes so thx for that FACEBOOK
Was working fine till it updated and now keeps force closing in its own but the messenger works
The Facebook app keeps closing on me. I have the iPhone 7+ and I just updated my phone.
The new update won’t let me open the app
App keeps crashing & won’t let me recover password 🤬😡😡
Soon as I open the app it CRASHES! Fix it.
الفيس ميشتغل عندي ابو الحبيب  شوفلنا جارة يمعود 😒 
The app just closes itself after 1 second ever since I updated
I had a problem on facebook.when i open my facebook app.it automatically be close.i can’t open my fb app.my device is iphone 7 plus.please.fix this problem.as soon as possible.
Latest update crashes on iPhone 8. As soon as you open it it crashes.
Since the new update it continues to black out on me ! Irritated
The app is crashing as soon as I open it. Only last for 3 secs then closes.
For some reason every time I click on the Facebook app not it closes out immediately I don’t know why I have reset my phone and uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it still closes out just start just now I have iPhone 8
There’s a major bug that has the app crashing soon as I start the app it turns my screen black.
Stop with the ads, especially in the middle of a one minute video, and stop with the algorithms! I want to see posts from everyone, when they happen! We live in a world of filter bubbles and soon we’re going to be like China and filter our internet. No thanks!
I'm having some  issues with the app everytime I go on the app it sends me to my home screen
I updated the app & now I’m regretting it. All that’s happening when I try to open is is consistent crashing.
The app won’t open after Update
The new updates automatically closes the app
After this recent update I open the app and after it being open for about 3 seconds it force closes. So I can’t even use Facebook.
I use Facebook often it just updated yesterday and now when I try to open my app it starts to load my feed and just closes itself
Now that it updated this last time, I try to open the app and it crashes!!
Ever since the last Facebook update I can rarely get it to work...fix the bug .... fix the bug!!!
It keeps cutting off every time I go on the app
After doing the latest app update I am beyond frustrated. My app will not stay open. Every time I load into the app it shuts down and boots me out. I was never worried about the speed of the darn app, I just want to be able to open the thing and see what's going on. But I don't get to until this problem is fixed.
Facebook always crashed on my iPhone x. Pls fix it asap!!
Esta vez no puedo ver mi perfil, al abrir la aplicación se cierra sola, y no me permite ver nada.
I really don’t like this new Facebook update, it’s messing up my phone, every time I try to go into the app, it just blacks my screen out and go back to the home page on my phone.. bring the old Facebook back.
The app just keeps closing
Gucci gang Gucci gang Gucci gang
After an update on Dec,16,2017. Every time I open app then I got kick out or the app close immediately. What a better way to make this app better.
I’m super not excited that after the last update every time I open the app it shuts down...this hasn't happened since I had a freakin Droid Eris.
My app keeps foreclosing when i open it up
For some reason on my iPhone when I hide an item from my timeline it stays gone, even if I go to show on timeline it doesn't reappear, on my note 4 and computer it does but not my iPhone, also I send bug reports to Facebook so that y'all can fix my problem but y'all never help, all y'all say is sorry that happened but we can't help, also the app keeps force closing, step y'all game up...after a few updates I still have this problem plus I can’t even scroll down on Facebook pages without it taking me all the way back up to the top 😐
The system keeps shutting down on me not a happy customer
What is wrong with Facebook I can’t get on it at all
EveryTime Iclick To Open The All FaceBook Just AutoMatically Shuts Down And Its Never Happened Before
Everytime i get on Facebook since I updated my phone , it keeps force closing🙄🙄
App needs to be fix.. keeps taking me out of it..
Every time I open my Facebook app it closes it self and also. I hate how when I am browsing something on my personal browsing some how some ads of what I browse like jewelry or sneakers I browse some how magically appear on my fb why are y’all spying on my browser too! 😡
Facebook app keeps closing out every time I try to open it
fb u fuk the app keeps crashing whenever I open it, fix pls 
New update keeps closing and will not allow you to get on website
Keeps force closing as soon as I open it
Ever since the new update it just keeps force closing please fix
this last update is crashing the app every time i try to open. 😡😡😡😡😡
It was working fine but now it’s crashing every time I open it
New update causes the app to crash after it launches. Fix this. Please.
Stop playing ads a few seconds into the video. Play them before it starts. It’s so frustrating.
Keeps crashing when i watch a video or as soon as i load the page. Deleted and reinstalled the app and it still does it
Crashes after updating. Please fix
Just updated now it keeps crashing please fix!!
App just updated yesterday and now I try to open it and keeps crashing.
Keeps crashing...please fix. I use Facebook almost 24/7. This is pretty disappointing.
I can’t even use the app right now. Now that it updated mine will lock up then just close...
What’s the point in your updates if it does t fix anything? I can’t even fully access my Facebook. Every time I click the app it force closes.
The app doesn’t open
I love Facebook and post everyday and get shares and likes. My app has been crashing for over a month, even after the updates. Please fix this issue so I can continue to do what I love
This recent update has been making my app crash everytime I open it.
Its crashing not opening anymore. Latest ios and latest facebook app
Sounds keep re-enabling and it's becoming extremely annoying
Needs option where when posting to marketplace it does NOT notify everyone on your friends list. This is not something my entire friends list needs to see. I don’t want my friends to know all of the junk I have inside my house. It’s embarrassing and an invasion of privacy in my opinion... please make option for this annoying fault on Facebook.
EVERY TIME I LOOK AT FACEBOOK IM HIT WITH ANNOYING ADS AND SUGGESTIONS FOR ME TO LOOK AT. IM NOT INTERESTED IN YOUR SUGGESTED FRIENDS OR SHOWING MY OLD HISTORY.   ITS JUST NOT FUN ANYMORE TO EVEN OPEN IT UP. YOU'RE RAPIDLY GOING DOWNHILL. 
Keeps crashing since latest update
Please help me I washed my Facebook app I lost my Instagram and I was the other Facebook messenger I believe I watch I watch that down in the watch for that I’m 65 years old and I have a hard time understanding it when you guys do updates all kinds of different things happen   And I don’t understand I’m gonna need your help in guidance please  Some of the words in my statement will miss pronounce because I’m talking into the phone  Peter Lounsbury 
Really stupid that we have to crop our profile picture.
I updated my app, closed the app and even restarted my phone but every time I click the app is crashes on me.  It’s been doing this all day🙄
TimeWellSpent.io  Learn how the people building Facebook are creating it in a way that is determinant to your health. Don’t get sucked in. #Resist 
للاسف لا اجد نفسي من المقربين من عائلة هذا البرنامج ..رغم شهرته بل وكثرت عشاقه ومدمنين التعامل به دون سواه من وسائل التواصل الاخرى المعروفه !! لكل قلب شعور وحب مختلف👍 ولكن هذا لا يوثر ع  اهمية ومكانة الفيس بوك ع الصعيد الدولي ككل بل  من اهم وسائل التواصل الحاليه  واكثرهم شعبيه واستخدام الحقيقه هي من تقول ذالك ع ارض الواقع وتشهد له بذالك ..اما انا بالنسبة لي فعلاقتي به بليده وشبه ميته ..ولا احرص ع استخدامه .!!
the app keeps closing after it loads in the latest update.
I have all marketplace notifications turned off, but still get them 5 times a day. Please fix this bug.
After today’s update, I keep getting “page not found” when I click on a notification to read what was commented.
I don’t care for your rip off stories feature and I used to be able to ignore it. Now I have to choose to post normally or post a story. You’ve added an extra click between me and posting an update. Nice job making it harder to actually use Facebook.
My app is crashing non stop. This needs immediate attention
Each update is getting worse, last one when i get a notification on a post and go to it, says error not found.. i have to find another comment on the post to find the comment i was looking for.
I don’t know what happened with FB but it won’t let me scroll past 10 posts.  It stops scrolling and has a grey bar at the bottom with a dot in the middle.  It just sits there and won’t update with new posts.  I used to be able to scroll and see all the posts I missed in the day but now I only get about 10.  It is so frustrating, I’m missing a lot of content and posts from friends, family, and groups.  If it doesn’t get back to normal I’m done.  It’s not serving it’s purpose for me anymore.
Every time I scroll down, the App closes on me.
Facebook is the most “user unfriendly “ site I have ever seen. Nothing about it makes sense.
Just as the subject, having issues when checking notifications, when I press on one it says oops or broken link.   iPhone X iOS 11.2  Please update, otherwise solid app.  This just happened with yesterday’s update FYI 
When I Click On The App It Just Close Back Out I Need It Fix ASAP‼️😡
Please fix this!!!!
I just got face book a few days ago and I didn’t do anything on it and it blocked my account!!!!😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Very bad . Crash
Facebook worked fine until the last update yesterday it’s closing on its own everytime I open it.
they
I updated the app recently and when I post to a post it sends me back to a page that says page not found I’ve never seen that before I have to go through my search history on my page to find the page and comment on it. Then when I go back to when I hit someone else comments on it I try and go back to it based on notifications it says page not found.
Grat app
good
It was fine but since the update it’s been slow not loading horrible update iv restarted my phone logged out of my WiFi done everything I could on my end to try and get it to load with in a decent amount of time but nothing works so it has to be something with the update from yesterday
Updated the app yesterday.. nothing but trouble.. every time i click on a notification if I’m tagged or if someone replies to my comment i get the page not found. I have to search FB from my 6s which hasn’t been updated or use fb via the web.. please fix this ASAP!
Don’t get locked out you’ll never get back in. Even with there “security email” to reset he password. The PIN number give never works.
Update that I downloaded on 15 December is terrible. The text is tiny on my iPhone 7. Links from notifications seem to be broken. Wish I could downgrade to the previous version easily.
I have frined win open the facebook he go to crash why?
Facebook is boring and trying to brain wash people.same old duck faces and crap had enough. And $$$ is all they want get people addicted for their benefit.crap on there that I don’t even know where it comes from. Western liberals done with the crap..
No more auto updates for me!! Just when it seems okay..... poof news feed is gone!!!
I don’t know why Facebook thinks it’s funny to add features that are hard to figure out. I can’t even figure out how to close out of a live video because they’ve made it basically impossible. Grow up, Facebook. Grow up.
App opens but then just shuts down on an iPhone 6
Facebook- your newest update is garbage. I get page not found errors, I can't go directly to posts inside a group from my newsfeed but rather you take me to the group and I have to scroll, and I can't even comment on most posts. Maybe it's me and/or my phone, but all was well until the new update. I wish I could undo it.
WHY DOES EVERYONE HAVE MARKETPLACE BUT ME
Updated app today and now it’s completely unusable.  Notifications are all broken links. Clicking on comments redirects me back to the top of the page. Seems to open the web app randomly and I can’t edit my comments. 
The most recent update has really messed up the app. Every time I tap a notification, the app opens the desktop site or it sends you to a page saying that the link you just clicked on is broken. Prior to the most recent update, I had almost no issues with this app.
I wish they would charge you for Facebook so my stepmom will freaking get off of it
Newest update is trash. Half the notifications come back as link not found or an error 404. This is getting old.
Every time I try to open the app on my iPhone 8, it crashes...
since the new update, alert system (comments and tagging)send me to a unknown page location on iPhone X. Any solution soon??
Want more law&order no monk please 😘
What are all this Apps from people I don’t know????
I can’t even open Facebook without it closing on me.
The bio features are not working correctly.
LOOK I LOVEE FACEBOOK BUT IM SICK OF THESE HUNDREDS OF DAM UPDATES
I can’t even open the app anymore. Every time I go to open the app it closes it. I have no clue what is going on.
STOP UPDATING YOUR FREAKING APP. Every time you update IT GETS WORSE.
Why can’t I sort by most recent. Most of my feed is full of posts from one or two days ago just because someone commented on it. Doesn’t make sense.
With all the updates, how can notifications still be so buggy? I get a lot of notifications (by choice), but I can only open 5 or so before it freezes up and won’t let me open any more until I completely close and reopen FB. So annoying and has been a problem for about a year! Please fix!
This app doesn’t support side-by-side apps in iOS 11. Please fix/add support!
When the app is opened on iPhones 6S plus the app comes up and promptly crash. Don’t do it!
I can’t find a way to edit friendship type now to make people acquaintances since the latest update. I don’t have time to go to my computer to do this, so this is an issue. Please fix ASAP!
My app doesn’t have market place and I tried looking it up and can’t find anything
This update is terrible. It’s functioning like he mobile website instead of a user friendly app and pages that do exist are throwing off errors instead of loading.
Since the latest update the app crashes far too often. I am working and all of a sudden it closes and I lose what I was doing.   Thanks for always improving, but let’s keep the group visibility a priority too. 
The new format of posting comments is terrible. But the worst new glitch is that I get notifications for replies to comments but when I click through, I just get a screen saying the page cannot be found. 
Can no longer edit posts or comments can't tag multiple people without getting flagged. Unable to reply to others comments without getting flagged. This is ridiculous
Facebook really needs to put a section for rebuttal, as soon as somebody finds offensive to pictures because they’re a little bit on the sensitive side, they report your picture and your account gets suspended. After so many suspensions you could no longer rebuttal, how is this fair? You guys also need to add a Messenger thread option for translation. Facebook used to be a place to connect with friends, but instead it turned it to a snitches Paradise for those You don’t even know you but some how was what you posted.
I should not see all those ads; I NEVER do anything but hide, if I can.  Same for friend request from friends of friends and repeat friend requests from people I’ve blocked. Everything Bella said.
يرجى دعم اللغة العربية بشكل كامل لأن التطبيق فقت مترجم فيه الأيام 
Since the latest update, my app now crashes as soon as I open it. I have notifications and can’t even see them due to the app crashing!
In some groups, photo albums will not load on iPhone or iPad but they’re clearly there on computer. This has been a problem since the last update.
I don’t understand, my FB is on my other iPad, no problems with any of my other devices, but I cannot get FB downloaded on this iPad!!   Ever since the one update my FB kept crashing and one of my friends told me to delete and reload FB as she had the same problem!!!  THE PROBLEM IS, I CANNOT GET THE FB APP TO DOWNLOAD!!! 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡  I would appreciate the help to get it back on my iPad! Please and thank you!! 
Getting worse all the time. Just about to get Twitter up to speed.Too many Adds !
My Facebook is DIFFERENT on my I-Phone, but the same on my Mac, I-Pad!! And friends phones!!! So it’s not my phone 😡 You tell me why? 
Latest update makes the app unusable on the iPhone 7plus. App will open then boot you from app. When you try to select the app again it loads for 3 seconds then boots you again
The new feature for add to Newsfeed or Story posting is unnecessary and obnoxious.  If I wanted to share my story, I’d add my post to my story. Please enable user opt-out of this new process for posting.  Now instead of posting to a default space users are to choose each time?  Oh, and sorry about Net Neutrality. 
The font has gotten to be ridiculously tiny. Why? Why is there no control? No, Facebook, I am not going to zoom my entire phone font settings just so I can read your app.
I deleted the app then redownloaded it and my notifications still do not work. Every time it says “something went wrong, please try again” and I try again and I get the same message.
It seems that Facebook seems to deem itself it’s own nation of Supreme ruler of the social world! It’s alliance with globalism and the liberal agenda alienates half of the human population with brains and those who cherish it are nothing but sheep and immoral justice warriors who are uneducated and zombie/humanoids that do the bidding of Mr. Z the Hitler like man who likes to regulate free speech to push the left wing snowflake agenda and his own agenda! Don’t fall for this type of propaganda Facebook is no better than a Nazi concentration camp for your freedom of speech and as long as you follow the left wing agenda you have all the right to say what you want! Everyone should boycott Facebook and shut this mind numbing/brainwashing social app down!
I deactivated my Facebook account for awhile and decided to try it again, however, I cannot get the app downloaded!! I guess that’s a sign I don’t need to be on Facebook
It is a nice site to go find funny and interesting stuff but it is getting extremely frustrating when ever time I go look at something else on my phone and come back to the it refreshes. They had fixed it before but then brought it back just take it away and leave it.
Sooooo many ads. Ads everywhere. Really horrible story camera that I always accidentally swipe to, wish I could disable.
The stupid app won’t let me download the app and it’s really irritating as that is my only source of entertainment throughout my night and it won’t let me download it
I’m no longer able to access the app. I logged in and now the app shuts down every time I try to open it. I’ve tried deleting it and re-downloading it and it hasn’t helped at all. Fix it please
My kid deleted the app and I can't re download it for the last two weeks.  When it did work, I always saw the same five post unless I hit the most recent button.  Ads!  Update. Had to wipe my phone to re-upload the app. Now I hate the fact you have to hold down on the notifications to open them. Sometime it is a couple seconds to a full five to 7 seconds before the link to the notification opens. Annoying!! 
Terrible ever since they tried to force me to get messenger.
In ios 11.2 iphone getting hot by using facebook and cant load new feeds in facebook. Phone is getting hot bcoz of facebook. Pls fix it.
I had a previous review from years ago, but I figured I\'d update it. This app still doesn\'t work right. I understand that there\'s bound to be an issue or two with any app, but the fact that it still crashes 10+ times a day, reloads while I\'m reading something even if I\'ve clicked on the status, doesn\'t load videos very well, and is glitchy. Facebook all together is starting to be worthless. I tried to upload a video of my 8 month old dancing to music on a cd of mine, and it wouldn\'t let me because there was music playing. That\'s fine, but then it blocked me from uploading videos all together even though it gave the option to discard or post the video. I chose to discard the post. That\'s not an app issue, but it\'s a Facebook issue. I see so many people get their posts taken down when there\'s nothing wrong with it, but by all means, keep letting the photos/videos of dead babies show up. I guess that\'s ok, but when you have live babies dancing, it\'s not. It also seems a little racist that if I put a video up of a Caucasian person singing/rapping it doesn\'t tell me I can\'t upload it, but when I try to upload a video of an African American singing/rapping it won\'t let me 💁🏼. Facebook seems to have their priorities backwards.
My whole family has the marketplace on their Facebook and my Facebook doesn’t have it
thank you
Every time I click on the app to get on it lets me on for a second and then it kicks me off. I tried deleting it and re getting it hoping that would help the problem but it’s not. And my app is up to date so Idk.
Since the update, the direct message isn't working. I'm also showing I have one notification but i don't...Please fix this... 😐
Really hating this new update that came in today. Completely change the user interface in the comments. The rounded bubbles in the condensed Connet replies to comments are extremely annoying, it basically looks like the crammed the Safari version of Facebook inside of the app. Really terrible. Truly hate it.  I use Facebook more than 99.5 percent of the people that are going to leave comments here. Approximately 16-18 hours a day, seven days a week. It’s my living.  I understand that you guys try different styles and move things around often, but I absolutely hate this current version it was just fine yesterday. Terrible. 
Too many stupid and you can’t even watch the video
I’m trying to reset my password and it says I need to enter a code! I never got a chance to enter a code and it says I’ve tried too many codes and for me to try again in later! I’ve waited 24 hours to try again and it says the same thing!
After the latest update I can not share any post at all. Every time I hit share. It minimizes the app on my phone. I have message Facebook with out a single response. Fit it!!
Love my mornings on FB                                     Love my evening on FB                                           FB does it right !!
Ads in the videos. Ads in between posts.  It’s all about ads!
Why can’t I message people in the app? I need a second app to do this simple action?
And Yet you are still using facebook.   Funny.   It is a free app.  Let’s see when they charge for Internet if you still complain about what’s free.
Market place icon still isn’t visible even after doing the update 🤬.
Why does Facebook now lose your spot when you minimize the app for like two seconds? It used to take like forever for mine to scroll to the top and now it does it if I send like a single text. It’s annoying. I was reading something!
Too many updates !!!!!’nn
Whatever you did in the latest update causes my app to crash and freeze up constantly. Please fix it, or it, and messenger are going to be history on my 2 iPhones.
You still need to look at my picture for my account and also contact me I want to get in Facebook!!!
Best social media app so far. Funny videos, and good recommendations for pages to like. 5 star
FB secured it alright. It is so secure I can’t use my account. About every other week Im told I need to submit a picture so they can secure my account. Im then locked out for up to 5 days. Then I need to change my password. Now Ive changed it so many times that I cannot recall the new PW and when I attempt to recover it.... guess what, I need to submit another photo.  But for FB parasitically infesting everything an many apps/games requiring login through FB I’d close my account. As it is, next time I actually get on I plan to delete all content, the icon and never visit again so this, “secure your account” nonsense does not keep ruining games that are played over a given time frame which FB interrupts... thus costing me in-game purchases as well as progress and status.  Hooray FB. You really are awful.
They've had an app that was so much worse than their actual web platform, that they've since made photos worse on both, the splitting of messenger was a horrific idea and completely ruined the app, but I guess when you're trying to spy on people you need a separate app to do that :/ every cool update they've promised has never come around or been developed, they just constantly make idiotic updates and cram ad after ad down our throats, now they're even breaking up videos with ads.  Total garbage.
Why the fake  update every 2 weeks w no explanation...
Where’s the “Poke” located at😡
Notifications go to broken links, others load the page but not to the point of the update.  It also looks weird and oversized in areas like reactions.  Clunky.
Edited again on 12/14/17: the latest update was terrible! Please revert to the last one. NONE of my notifications are working properly. I can’t see any of them when I tap on the notification. This app is useless without that. And no gifs are working either. I’ll edit again if it’s fixed. In the meantime this is garbage.   Edited to say: Thank you for removing the text bubbles! That was the most awful format. I can now react to picture comments and see the whole picture without the poster's name covering it. Please never change it back to bubbles and thank you for this update.  Previous review: The new update is awful. I hate that all comments look like text bubbles. It's clunky to read and even worse when you try to like or react to comments. Please change it back! If it's changed I will happily update my rating! 
I want the notification bell on the bottom. I want to be able to customize what I want on the bottom bar. I don’t want the video, I could care less about the marketplace. But I’d like to have the camera and the messenger icons back. My app has the bell at the top left corner and i HATE HATE HATE IT. It’s hard to tap and when i am scrolling, it scrolls too so I can’t see notifications until I’m back at the top. My friends app has it at the bottom. Why is mine at the top? We have the same app version. Please please please please please please please fix it.
The best app in the world
Hoih
Chilllllll
It takes 20min to watch a 4min video from all the loading. Ads, ads, ads, ads... links to articles crash and are infested with ads. Random crap pops up every time you try to read anything. Facebook is trash. I’d give it a -4 starts but you can’t.
Wow she had a fit
It’s lag to much why? Fix it
I remember the days when you were alerted outside the app when you had a friend request. I remember when you had the friend requests, messages and notifications in their own respected areas in the app. Now it seems like everything is just thrown around. Complete garbage! I can really see me dropping Facebook some day. It continues to get worse instead of better. Can’t wait to see what comes along and replaces it some day!
Facebook is not what it used to be, I don’t want friend request from people I block and furthermore the unfollow button should be removed because if you don’t want to follow someone then they need to be deleted not unfollowed for their stalking pleasure. Too many ads that are useless and offensive. Too many viral videos shared by people I don’t know. Last but not least, remove the market if you are going to ban people from it for no reason and I say no reason because when you are asked what they did you reply you can’t give them that information, Facebook Jail is pathetic and shows how sorry Facebook has really become. Please someone make another social media site that is simple like Facebook used to be.
I’ve always really liked Facebook and it’s been my go-to app for social media. I love seeing all the videos and pictures put out by news sources and media channels. I really like that I can save all the posts that I like, which are quite numerous. I held off on giving the app 5 stars because there was no way to organize all my saved items, which meant I had to scroll and scroll to find something I was looking for. That’s why I’m so glad that they’ve finally implemented a way for to compartmentalize all the the thins I’ve saved.
Point blank, I have never seen an app update so much!! It’s ridiculous and annoying!!  I mean there is an update at least once a week if not 2!! STOP!!
Fb gets worse with every update.  Invasive, doesn’t even cover it all! If I can post this with zero stars, I will.   If I am denied option to do that, then it will get one star, only under duress. 
Frequent crashes, freezes when loading. Doesn't show everything on my feed.  When you restart it, and you will have to restart it often, it will load different content from your feed. I rarely use this app as the app on my iPhone5 works far better.
I can't even get on facebook. It crashes right away.
Idk what they did to this app, but every time I click out of Facebook to respond to a text and come back, they refresh me to the beginning. Watching a video? Refreshed. Making a post? Not no more. What the hell happened Facebook? Like you grew into a immature teenager who, if not given enough attention, just says screw you. So until fixed, I’m pretty much done with you...I’ve lived without you before, I can do it again...just watch me.
Annnnd how quickly we’ve steamed back to severe incompetence.  Oh and 9+?  LAZY PATHETIC USELESS JOKE
Kill the ads and you got 100%. But I like some of the Jordan ads. But thats just my preference. Some of the ads that pop up are just trash and don't relate to me. 🤷🏽‍♂️ But kill the ads. And don't be like Youtube. Youtube pisses me off sometimes. But I like the facebook app and the updates are dope. And probably will keep on using it. 😁💯
I use FB cause all my kids use it, but I HATE ALL THE ADS. Please take them away
I’m done using facebook.  The ads got ridiculous and theres no option to block what other people are liking or commenting on unless u unfollow them completely.  Its become the new MySpace.  Time to move on to the next social media plateform.
Why can’t I delete Instagram post from  Facebook 
Randomly freezes when scrolling through videos and such. Takes forever for my phone to go back to normal! Fix this!
My biggest gripe with the app, is that if you switch from the app to check a text message or look something up on safari, when you come back to the app, whatever article you were reading, whatever comment you had been typing, or page you had been visiting, is gone and you’re taken back to the top of the timeline as if you had just opened the app. I can understand if you closed the app, but not when you’re switching between apps. 🤬🤬
App crashes every time I try to share a post and yes it’s updated but it worked fine before my last update smh!!!!!😡🤬
Facebook might as well just be an infomercial now. It’s bad when I open Facebook and the first video I do click on gets bombarded with an ad within 10 seconds of the video. This is just terrible now.
I hate when I comment on a friends post and then one of their friends comment and I get notifications about it, I don’t care what this person is saying. Please make a setting that can turn it on and off, and while I am on the topic can you guys make the settings a little easier to navigate, add sub sections under the name of the area.
With only 12 minutes on screen the Facebook app was using 31% of my battery.
Good app but I wish it didn't clog up so much space on my phone
i just wanna be able to skip through live again
Used to be able to attach documents on Facebook and messenger. Now there is no paperclip. I googled and the advice:hold on the camera icon or photo Icon for a sub-menu.I tried both. No luck.
Bring back my events in my phone calendar!
I have been Locked out of my page since thanksgiving. I have tried several times to log into my account. It says I need a login code sent in a text message to my phone An yet I have never not once seen a code. Also I have tried to use a land line that I have always used to log into when it on my phone An yet it as well says I need a Generated  code to gain access. Farther more i have sent a photo I'd to gain access  to my account as well as a picture using the code they say an yet nothing has happened.  This is an annoyance because me as a hairdresser my page has multiple clients that can't reach me on there. Facebook I have been having you since you came out you should really let me log back in.
Really good app it helps out for everything good way to stay in contact with your friends
It keeps kicking me out of the app
Every single video has an ad. All the news on there is fake. You can’t file a complaint easily which is why I’m writing a review. I’ve never seen so much clickbait and spam in my life. This is the worst social media app ever. If I could rate this lower I would. I encourage everyone to boycott this trash.
I’m using iPhone 5s, After updating to last version, the app always crash after 1 min of opening it. Plz help!!! 
I have to keep forcing the app closed in order to launch notifications. They just freeze and don't let me launch them when tapped. My feed is based on "relevance" or "popularity" instead of timelines so I miss updates from people by days. Fix this or make it configurable! (Not just a one time change in the settings that temporarily reorders things)
This app is full of bugs  The app opens and then closes.  According to the App Store I have the latest version. 
It’s somewhat slower than previous but still great..
I use to love the FB App now I'm just wondering what in the hell is going on with the crap updates and constant crashing of the App and now My Friends List is not on My Timeline now aka Wall...wth 🤔
162GB is too much for this app. Update. It’s 257gb now. For something you can use your browser for. No birthday alert? No widgets?
Can anyone help me with something.? I’m trying to see if I can get videos to pop up from underneath a video. I’ve seen someone click on a video and they just swipe up and there’s more videos? Can anyone help me please  Thank you 
Every time apple makes changes, you seem to be the slowest to adjust. The same happened when Apple decided to force apps to rotate, your webViews/modals just got smaller and more offset with each rotation until they were completely out of view. This lasted for months.  You guys do some great work with your open source projects, but what on earth happens to the maintenance on this app? I’m using an iPhone X and the app is almost unusable. This phone’s been out for over a month, the simulator has been available even longer. When I try to comment on posts, I usually can’t see the textfield, which disables commenting entirely. Right now on my phone, the statusBar on your app is so offset that half the time is off the screen to the left, and I can’t even see the network status.   You guys are better than this. I remember listening to a podcast with a Facebook iOS dev talking about how “real developers” don’t use storyboards. That is literally the cause of the problems I’m seeing. You don’t get weird problems if you don’t do weird things. 
App keeps crashing
Brand new iPhone SE  & have OVER a thousand like page(s) we’re I’m constantly running back N forth to use a desktop just to view my like page(s) when it don’t matter how many times I reset my phone/re-download the app. -The basta*d will ALWAYS glitch out on me‼️😤   However I see the exact  same PROBLEM on other iPhone(s)‼️👎🤳🖕 
Mine want even let me open Facebook it will open for a few seconds and then closes it on its on o e it gets fixed I will give higher rating because I did like the app till it started doing this and I have deleted it and added it back and still the same thing
-typing out a very long comment, I left the app to acquire a source/more information, when I get back not only is the app not on the post anymore but the comment I have been working on for some time has been deleted. Extremely frustrating when you have been working so hard to get a point across to someone. -EVERY post is in RANDOM ORDER WITH NO RHYME OR REASON. Extremely frustrating to someone who is organized and can’t see or know where they left off or if there’s anything they missed. -having to download a separate app for messaging. That should be frustrating for obvious reasons, so its obvious that FB doesn’t care which is also frustrating. -the frequency of adds in my feed that correspond with products that I have mentioned outside of Facebook is obviously something fishy and wrong. I don’t take invasion of privacy lightly.  After all of this, what are we left with?! Garbage. Zero stars. 
It’s literally like ready a newspaper. Yoü see a few good posts, then an annoying ad pops up. I seriously hate the ads during the videos. There is a 100% chance of me not finishing the video simply because of those annoying ads. I use to love FB for the simple fact I loved catching up with friends, now I’m catching up with sales and missions of big companies. I hate the the swipe left to open the camera. Liked it better when we could just switch between new feed, notifications, and profile. The camera thing is SOOO annoying. And literally no one posts on their stories. Literally a waste in a potential good use of a swipe.
I’m not sure what happened but every time I hit the “Share” button the app quits...it’s gotten to the point where I stopped using it just to write a review hoping the issue will be solved.
Please update so I can update a video as my profile picture!!!!
every time I open the app it crashes FIX IT
When I go to search marketplace I click on the "search marketplace" search bar and it switches to "search Facebook" anyone know why???
Why did the trending box stop scrolling with the new iOS?
Terrible, nothing but ads, marketplace filters don’t work, select 3 miles from Minneapolis and stuff from other states shows up, don’t care about Shaquita’s weaves in New Orleans.... sorry not sorry. Been seeing the same news stories for 5 days straight... fix the algorithm idiots.... or just go back to chronological... what an idea. Now back to Twitter...
Facebook sells your info.
I get that there needs to be revenue to keep Facebook running but I feel like with the amount of ads that are currently on my newsfeed that your aim is to turn a profit. Don’t you have enough money to live 10 full lives in total comfort? I only have one mind and I’d prefer for it not to be filled with nonsense.
Seriously if I can’t use the app, why have it?   Can’t open it without crashing. Fix it now 
So lately my Facebook App will basically crash. The screen turns black and takes me back to the main screen of my phone 😒 annoying 😡
The past few days I can’t share anything the app keeps crashing.
Where is my market place icon?????
I’m stuck at a security check that sends a code to my mobile number. Most of the time the code doesn’t arrive and when it does, nothing happens when I enter it. Aside from that there are so many ads. It’s a never ending stream of ads.
Great app
Today my Facebook started glitching out. Clicked on it and goes in then glitches out. Tried restarted my phone and deleting the app and still doesn’t it 😐🤷🏻‍♂️
It’s a shame that this app crashes and there is no fix. No reset or reload fixes the app. Not even a hard reset. Please fix this and send a new update ASAP
The confirmation code does not work!!!!!
They need to stop running ads right in the middle of videos. When ever I see an ad like that start, I just keep scrolling. I will never watch one of those stupid, annoying ads.
No arabic??
There are a few things I like and dislike about Facebook, but one of the biggest things I have an issue with right now is that when you tag someone's name in a comment, it sends whatever link it was to that person in fb messenger. I just wanted to tag them in a comment. This is truly obnoxious and is a feature that needs to go away
If I could I would give it 0 stars bc it doesn’t work. It uploads posts but not videos or photos. Check my phone and the other apps worked great. Except for Facebook 🤬🤬🤬
I can't react to any post on facebook please fix this problem. Thank you
Everytime i tap on my app it closes. Is there a new update?!?!?
Every time I open it on my iPhone it exits me out of it🤬
I should be able to edit / delete my own comments ...
No one uses Facebook story. It slows everything down when you’re just scrolling and it starts to try and open the camera. Make it so we access the camera in a different way (something more intentional, or increase the distance between the main newsfeed and the camera page). Way too many ads. Dislike the new layout for posts/comment threads. Difficult to tag pages/groups/ppl sometimes. Just generally a slower, less appealing experience.
While watching a video the app always crash
Tooooooooo many updates. You need to consolidate your updates, and do them less frequently in my opinion. And I can’t say I like how you chop videos in two, to place an ad in the middle. But hey when the ad starts...I just scroll on. Very few videos important enough to watch a stupid ad.   On the other hand, I do like some of  the new features that have been added. 
I had  to show a drivers license before I could access my account. After explaining that my nickname is used for safety reasons for my life, they didn’t care and  used my name on my Facebook account. When I tried to delete the photos of myself , Facebook wouldn't allow that either Be Careful on Facebook. You don’t know who is really behind the mask.
Total crap. Won’t let me share anything without force closing. Ads on top of ads.  Get it together.
I think Facebook is a menace to society. My Man is so in love with this drag then y’all add new ways to use it and things to do. It is horrible.
Got an iphone 8 and after updating the fb app,it keeps on crashing
I’m tired of all the ads coming up when I’m trying to watch a video!! It’s really annoying and something needs to be done about this! 🤬🤬
I wish I had written what that member wrote. I already quit this nonsense before & now I got suckered in again. How do you know what my email password is? I think you know more about me than you should.
Please support the iPad Pro 12.9.
Now, I will work with you to get back my old sign on, not them new one, you are screening up, everything, you are trying to make me be friend with ppl's, I do not know and I don't like that, now let me, get back to my old sign on and let me work this out! That new got to go!
Any time I watch a video on Facebook it plays half way and the app closes only on Facebook I don’t understand please look into this and resolve the issue
Every time I go back into Facebook, it loses my place and I only see the previous days posts and I lose all the recent ones.  Don’t understand why it can’t keep where you left off.  This app only gets worse. Wish you could give negative stars.
Cut the app size and ads. You probably don’t even check reviews.
الفيسبوك فساد علميه
Ads ads ads
Facebook crashes every time I try to share a post and it’s annoying, I can’t share videos, posts, pictures, articles, or ANYTHING!!! FIX IT
We need facebook lite version, every update you add many ads, every time is more slow and heavy, make it easy, this is the real meaning of social network
Test comment
ًً
Technology has made cheating so easy. So tempting to those considering it. Instead of working on their marriage, they lean on others on social media. Then that relationship grows, while the marriage deteriorates even further.  It’s not worth it. I’ve seen it happen to WAY to many people, friends, families, even myself. 
Fix it please
Disregard for anyone but themselves ! They only care about pleasing big company’s. Could careless about small businesses!
Tienen demaciados anucios!
It’ll tell you to look for more than you have. It’s not a deal breaker but it has been getting worse.
Buenas les informo que tenga la aplicación en mi iPad y no me da la opción de Messenger ni de ver mis solicitudes de amistad espero que puedan arreglar el problema gracias
The app kept creating marketplace notifications for "recommended" items. After disabling this option, it is automatically re-enabling.
My app was working just fine .. now it keeps crashing 😡😡😡
This app is nothing but advertisements. I’m thinking of deleting this app and using my browser. That is the only way I can read anything without being hijacked and flooded with useless adds. Facebook anything is poor quality.
Can’t even copy posts to links anymore to share. Also the app and messenger are riddled with ads.
As many updates as there are this should be the most stable app for the love of God. I cannot even scroll through my friends list without it forgetting my place and scrolling to the top. 
The app crashes and causes my phone to freeze for a few Minutes every time I try to edit my Year in Review 2017 Video
Anytime I put my phone down for any reason, Facebook refreshes. ANNOYING!!!!! Please stop!! Fix this please!!! 
You guys made me update and now whenever I open Facebook it closes. It won’t let me use it. Fix it.
Apenas abro la app y se cierra en menos de 3 segundos, ya la desinstalarlo y la volví a instalar y el problema persiste, tienes 2 días fallando
Im using Facebook on an IPhone 6s iOS 11.2 and after the last update it is crashing when I watch some videos. After a few seconds watching any video the app crashes
Every time I go to watch a video, which is about all I use Facebook for, it force closes about 30 seconds in. If this isn’t fixed I will be uninstalling.
I've been trying to watch videos all the way through. It'll play for about 20-30 seconds and then forcefully shut down the app by itself, weird. Can you please fix?
Is anyone else Facebook app force closing?
This update keeps making my videos crash
What happened to the market place? It made so easy to find thing local and not have to use my card info...
I swipe down, the page moves right and resets.  Can’t get through many stories before having to start again.  Also, when reading articles, I like to check additional sources outside of Facebook. I leave for a bit, come back to FB and the original article is gone, because FB keeps refreshing.  It’s extremely frustrating. Otherwise, it does what it supposed to.
I can’t log into my account! I was literally just on it & I got logged out. I can’t use messenger either!
Can log in always an error code popping up
Depois de alguns minutos passando o vídeo, em torno de 2-3, o app fecha. Iphone6, começou a acontecer após a última atualização do app.
After this last update, my fb app keeps forcing closed seconds after opening it on my iPhone. I went to the app support section to find out how to report the issue BUT you have to USE THE APP TO REPOET THE ISSUE. So what the hell do you do when you can’t report the issue b/c the method to report it is being closed down??? You can’t report it in the app shop either. Guess there will be another update coming up real soon to take up even MORE of my phones memory. Goodie....can’t wait😒.
With the new update my videos keep causing the app to shut down
The app crashes constantly. It's been like this for a couple of weeks now. Uninstalling. I'll just use a browser, thank you very much.
Not like nobody is going to use it because of some small thing,  However when used on the iPhone X, it doesn’t show the time and status bar at the top of the screen, they are shifted to the left so you can’t see them,  Also I wish they told you what they were changing in every update and not just the “weekly updates to keep it running better” crap, they change stuff but don’t tell you in the update description, tell me what you are changing. 
App crashes when you try to watch videos
The newest update has left an issue with the videos on Facebook. The app crashes after less than 15 seconds of watching any video. It’s extremely annoying, considering this doesn’t count the ad time. I have watched so many ads and gotten nothing in return because of this issue. I have never seen a product go so horrible wrong before.  Edit: problem resolved 
I’m currently using an iPhone SE with only 16GB of storage inside and I’m stuck with it till 2019, Facebook takes up WAY too much space on my phone and then to have to download Messenger on top of that which also takes up a bunch of space is just really frustrating. PLEASE consider bringing the Facebook Lite and/or Messenger Lite apps to all phones and not just low end phones.
App keeps crashing when I’m watching a video on it. Only when I select the video to watch it in full screen mode. Using an iPhone X with iOS 11.1.2
Fix ittt pls !!!
Need a fix to the issue of every video you open to watch crashing the app.
Videos and ads in my news feed......hate this app.  Uninstalled
What’s going on?, how could you make every week an update with a size over 200 MB without a detail?
After the last update I just made yesterday. I can’t get on my profile anymore cause it force closes. I have uninstalled/reinstalled a couple times but still not working. I’m an Iphone X user. Hope you could fix this bug.
The app and site itself has being nothing but a giant add. I see more advertisements than I do actual legit posts from friends. You can’t watch a single video without being interrupted by an add either.   Secondly the app has a TON of glitches such as  crashing and closing itself, failure to load updated posts, I’ve had the same four days shown on my timeline with nothing new loaded for days and days, my timeline often doesn’t even load more than 3/4 posts at a time, that is if anything loads at all. Now since being updated a huge issue I keep having is that Facebook is telling me I have no friends and that I must add them to see postings on my timeline when I try to refresh anything.   Seriously needs some work done, I don’t even want to keep the app anymore 
Why do you all have to go and ruin a good thing, really? Can’t even share anything without the whole app crashing. IT WAS FINE, IF IT ISN’T BROKE DON’T FIX IT!
How much storage space does this app need? Its getting to be ridiculous!
A few times I have been talking to friends on my cell phone about a product a friend likes or I like. Minutes later I see ads for the same product. One time a friend said she would like one of those walk in bath tubs because she was afraid of falling. I hung up the phone and checked my Facebook wall only to find an ad for the walk in tubs AND for one of those \"I\'ve fallen and I can\'t get up\" services. Facebook searches through my private address book and suggests that I might want to \"friend\" people they find. There is so much fake news that shows up on my wall. Some of the ads are so obviously fake and they show up everywhere on FB. Ones about alive celebrities where the ad says so and so died and no one knew she died. Others that say things like Joy Behr is quitting the View because she uses a certain face cream. Our president spends all his waking hours lying to the American public. I don\'t want to be bombarded with more lies. I wish I could trust Facebook. I like being in touch with friends of my choosing. I don\'t like being manipulated by Facebook. They are very invasive.
App crashes when i play videos for more than approximately 30 seconds.
Seriously. Stop messing with features of marketplace. Sure add more. But come one quit screwing with how it works. Could post as an individual with a shop. Then you added to be able to post as a shop and now that has disappeared. Get with it
With the most recent update, you can't expand long posts on your feed. You hit read more and it acts like it opens but doesn't display. Boo.
Recently I’ve had so many issues with closing the video feed and going back to the main app. It never works and I always have to hard close the app and relaunch. So annoying and now I never want to look at videos.
Why Would Y’all Change FB??? Why When You Click On The Three Lines That’s On The Bottom Right Of The Screen, It’s Back To The Old FB?? I Hate That. Smh
I used Facebook for many reason and now my marketplace tab is gone which was the best part seeing I’m a big thrifter dang I hate I updated can I return to a older one
Latest update as of 12.6.17, app crashes when trying to watch videos. iPhone X. Get it fixed guys...
Se cierra la app cuando veo videos
This app since the update is pathetic. The app refuses and will not update at all. My news feed/storyline continually shows the same posts over and over again. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still having the same issue. Just stop adding a thousand different things so we can actually enjoy Facebook? Jeez.
Used to be great. Not sure what’s going on lately but every now and then the app will crash when I watch a video or it will crash randomly please fix
Every time I try to watch a video on my phone the app freaks out and send me back to my home screen. This is super annoying and it needs to be fixed
Can’t watch videos anymore. If I open a video to watch, my Facebook app closes out. Not happy At all.
This update to Facebook crashes every 45 seconds that it’s opened
The app crashes every time I try to watch a video.
Randomly closes when watching videos.
Why the hell would FB delete the Report tonAdmin option. There is no way to report a copyright unless it is my copyright. What about when others copyrights are infringed upon. This is a lousy update.
Please fix this is maddening! This update is garbage.  It keeps freezing and crashing. >:(
Anytime I’m scrolling on a post or in my friends list, it automatically jumps back to the top after a few seconds then I got to start all the way back over. Also if my friends like or comment on a post or add someone, it shows up in my news feed and spams my feed of things that I’m not interested in. Please do something...
i’ve never had any issues with this app up until a few days ago when it updated. it has always worked perfectly fine, everything always ran super smoothly. now, i can’t go on for a few minutes without the app abruptly crashing to my home screen. what doesn’t make sense to me is that the update specified that it included bug fixes and performances, and this is what i’m having to deal with. it’s such a huge inconvenience, i really hope it gets fixed as soon as possible.
I have to use this app, but wish they would add auto cleaning as I find I have to delete and reinstall the app to refresh it and clear cache. Too many ads. Not seeing people in my feed. Seeing more junk media than anything else. Having to constantly delete the app weekly and also change follow settings.
It is crashing a lot since the latest update.....again.
Keeps putting a question mark to my comments and it also doesn’t let me see my long comments when I press see more it says if I want to report it like really? Y’all need to fix this before I delete the app
Not much more to say...every time I start watching a video, the app crashes and closes...👎🏾
Not being able to post pictures from my phones photo album is quite frustrating!! I have to screenshot the album picture to my camera roll and then post to fb!!   Please put it back to being able to post from phones photo album! 
Please fix this bug. Whenever im seeing a video the app closes by itself, so annoyingggggg
Facebook is not opening now since the last update. I have deleted it twice and still will not open. Needs fix please
I was a big fan of Facebook, but now it’s just problem after problem. The worst issue I have now is when I watch a video just after 2 minuets the app crashes and my battery goes down 10%
This new version lets me watching about 30-45 seconds of literally ANY video and then crashes. Nah I didn’t wanna watch that bookface thanks for nothing.
Every time I watch a video on Facebook, the mobile app completely crashes about 14 seconds in. It's really very annoying. This is since the latest update. Please fix.
Fix the crashing of the app it keeps kicking me off every time I’m watching a video!!!
Lately, after or during a video the app crashes and kicks me out. Not sure what is happening but it is annoying. Have restarted phone and app multiple times but still have same issue.
Anybody else have the app shut down 10 seconds into a video?
App keeps kicking me out every 5 minutes. Glitches constantly.
There’s a glitch with my fb app. Every time I attempt to watch a video it kicks me out completely.....does anybody know what’s going on?
Facebook shuts down when I am viewing videos since the last update.
Videos constantly buffering AFTER the latest update.
Videos keep crashing after 10 seconds of play
Always crashing when you have watch a video. You must restart the application every time. This start happening from the last update!! 
When I watch videos it will crash after 5 seconds
Every time I watch a video, the app will crash and close out after a few seconds or so in. It’s really annoying and I can’t watch any videos my friends post.
Ever since the latest update came out I can no longer watch videos or read articles. If I am reading an article, the app blips and cycles back to the beginning of the article and then I have to scroll down, find my original place, and hold my finger in the screen to keep it from cycling back to the beginning again. If I am watching a video, seconds after it starts, the app blacks out and kicks me out of FB. Not sure what you guys did in this latest “update” but whatever it is, you screwed up. The old saying “if it’s not broke, don’t fix it” must not mean much to you.
This app keeps crashing every time I try to watch a video. I get about 10-15 seconds in and it crashes and kicks me out. Please fix this... So far I’ve been lucky enough to avoid any bugs and no walk of a sudden this...
With the latest update, whenever I watch a video within Facebook the app crashes and I have to start over.
Ever since last update I can’t watch videos in Facebook because it crashes the app.
تبي اسناب بلس او اي برنامج من برامج بلس تعال سنابي وابشر بووه   Abo-naoi
I don't usually write reviews, but when I do it's because an application is done exceptionally well, or is the worst application ever. This one is the latter. What blows my mind is why Facebook took a good application and literally deteriorated it to the worst scale possible. I hate this application so much now that I'd rather get on the Internet then use it.  Here's what you need to do, Facebook: 1) PUT MESSENGER BACK INTO THE APPLICATION. 2) STOP TRYING TO GET PEOPLE TO AGREE TO CRAP THAT IS AN INVASION OF PRIVACY 3) ONLY UPDATE WHEN NECESSARY. - NO, believe it or not you do NOT need to update the application every day. It was working fine until you messed it up.  This version is INCREDIBLY UNSTABLE and frequently crashes.  I hope you take these suggestions seriously -because the only reason you got a 1 star was because I couldn't rate you any lower.  Sincerely,  Someone who's tired of your crap. 
It keeps crashing after the most recent update every time you try to share a post.
The timeline is crap. It needs to be real time, not dictated by some timeline. Give us the option to make it real time.
I just updated my app yesterday, and then today I began trying to watch one of the themed Million Dollars But episodes. About 30 seconds, crash. Open it back up, 30 seconds, crash. And repeat. Very annoying.
There’s constantly a new update every week and nothing seems fixed. Things just get worse. In this “update” I can’t watch a video without the app crashing. It’s atrocious...
It keeps crashing every time I watch a video right when it’s about to finish. Very annoying.
Will not be using until a fix is released.
After the recent update wen ever I go watch a video within a few min after the app closes on its own. Really disappointed .
Please update this app! I have the latest update on the latest iOS and when I try to play a video the app just shuts down.
Don't update
Since update, this app crashes whenever watching a Video on FB. Please fix.
Need to fix ASAP
Since last update FB just shuts down while watching a video??
Videos always crash since last update
WHY TF MY FACEBOOK CRASH EVER 2 mins!?!? DELETED!!!
The last update is junk!  I can’t watch a single video for more than 20 second before the app crashes.  Happens every single time.
I don’t like the ads on videos😡😡😡
Hey y’all, after that last update I keep getting kicked out of videos after a few seconds ?  What happened?
This app is great for people 50 years old and up. It’s much more efficient to send photos via WhatsApp or e mail to your friends. There are plenty of pop up adds that tend to be related to all my google searches which is impressive however it just takes up too much time when you want to simply check in with people you don’t see anymore
Since the update it has had I am annoyed Facebook keeps shutting down or freezing my iPhone X, no other app does that besides Facebook! I cannot enjoy watching a video without kicking me every time! Fix this! I am also tired of trying to get a hold of someone for help.
Close in my face all time in video.
I love Facebook.  But now not so much I use to be able to watch videos now after about 30 seconds the app kicks me out completely.  PLEASE FIX
Every time i try and watch a video that was posted by a page or even a friend the whole app crashes. Its pathetic and needs to be fixed lol
Watching a video on FB and it just turns the screen black and closes out Facebook. Been happening for a while... need new update
Since the new update, my app crashes every time I play a video.
Videos only play for 30 seconds or less before it crashes.
Whenever I watch  videos the app crashes
Update was awful. Cannot share any posts. Closes out fb automatically.
Since the latest update, my Facebook ad has crashed more times in the space of two days than it has in the total amount of time I’ve had the app, however many years that’s been. It’s especially annoying when I’m watching a video that is particularly interesting to me and then I can’t find it again after the crash.   Also, what the heck is up with so many ads in literally every video?!? I don’t want to watch a 10 second ad for a video that’s only 20 seconds long! That’s asinine! I understand that people want to make money by sharing their stuff on FB, but come on! Half my time on Facebook is watching ads nowadays! I’m real sick of it! No wonder Facebook is dying and is getting overrun by grandmas. Get it together. Sheesh. 
Crashes every single time I try to watch a video. Get it together Facebook.
Since this last update my videos don’t play till the end ugh it’s so frustrating.
10,20,30 seconds into a video and my screen goes black and then I’m at my home screen.
Version 152 is a crap update. While on Facebook the app will crash. Last 2-5 minutes then you’re kicked
Every time I get into a video, it crashes the app. It’s annoying.
The newest update crashes at the middle of every video.
Every video I watch, crashes. About 15 seconds or so into the video it was crash. Google shows that this seems to be a rather common problem. Fix it.
Every time I try to watch a video the app just backs out. I’ve reseated my phone and uninstalled the app twice and yet nothing changes.
My app Keeps force closing when I am watching videos please fix this I have an iPhone 6s Plus
Lately FB keeps crashing during a video playback.  What’s up with that?    And ....There's always things I don't ask to see.  Remove ads 
I’ve been wondering how come anytime I upload a video, no matter 4K, 1080 or whatever qualities, on my timeline, obviously I never get its actual quality viewing on my timeline—that’s kinda agitating😡 me. I’ve been so frustrated😠 with this issue. Therefore I’m hoping that the developer would do whatever it helps to fix the problem mentioned. I’ll be looking forward to seeing some good fixes for the next updates..  P.S.: I’m using an iPhone 7 Plus equipped with all kind of video qualities! 
The app keep crashing. All the videos I wanna watch are cut in the first 10 seconds of play. Whattahell is going on?
App keeps on crashing when watching videos on iPhone X.
As if the data mining, horrible loading, poor video player, and abundance of ads wasn't enough, now the entire app crashes a few moments into watching a video
The most update to FB iPhone app when First open it clears to the home screen. And now it is getting where when watching a video it does the same. I have deleted it and reinstalled it once now I am trying again. Let’s get this fixed and I might rate it a better app. Get it together people.
Every time I watch a video I’ll be 1 min in the video then it crashes bring me back to my phone home screen😡
Keeps crashing on iOS 11.
In so irritated with Facebook, I’ll be friends with who I want I don’t like the you may know! I’m not friends with all my friends friends dang it! All the ads are absolutely ridiculous! If I find don’t want to see ads I should be able to turn it off just like I should be able to TURN OFF friends you may know! Facebook has become spam almost with all the advertisements & then when you watch a video that’s a certain length it cuts off just for ads & then resumes after!! Just WHY FB WHY! Broaden your spectrum of people you survey to see what users of your app wants because we surly don’t want half the stuff that’s on the app now! Super ANNOYED. I think I’m going to delete my profile & just use SC or  IG
Facebook really has lost its way, nothing but advertising and marketplace posts... Facebook doesn’t even show posts of the pages I have subscribed too anymore unless they pay to advertise them. Facebook stop pushing updates weekly, there is no reason to update your app every week ;)
Every time I try to see a video the app blacks out. And since the video is no longer on my feed I have to go search for it and hope to find it again just so the app can black out again 15s into the video.   And they think they are gunna substitute YouTube? LOL 
This last update made the app crash lots os times a day while watching videos on Facebook. iPhone 7 user
app crashes every time you try to watch a video. how is it that every app update for facebook is somehow a step backwards?
After like 1:30 of a video playing the app crashes
Every time I watch something Facebook crashes.  Super done. Get it together
This update is crap and Facebook is going to the dog it don't work fix it or scrap it
After last update keeps crashing everything I try to watch a video
We all Love Facebook of course but this last update got us effed up. It continues to cut off EVERY TIME i watch a video!!!!
When ever I’m on Facebook and I’m watching a video as soon as the add starts my phone automatically leaves Facebook and goes to my home screen. Like what the f*** Facebook, please fix that issue.
Can’t watch any video for more than 5 seconds without the whole app crashing on iPhone 10
Adds increasing and app crashing more often.
🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
Any time I go to watch a video the whole app crashes and takes me back to my home screen and only when I watch a video for about 15-20 seconds does it do that. I know it’s not an issue with my internet because it did it while I was on my cellular service alone.
Keep cutting out and can’t even watch videos without he app restarting and already did the recent update.
Worst update crash n close the app almost every minute watching videos
App keeps crashing. Soon as I open the app it crashes! 0 stars if I could!
What the hell is going on ? Every time I watch a video for more than a minute, the app shuts down. This has been going on for a few days. Please fix this. It's so annoying.   Please and thank you 🙏🏻✌🏻 
After your most recent update, I can’t get more than 10 seconds into a video without the app crashing. Need this problem fixed soon please
App crashes every time I try to watch a video. I’m using iPhone X iOS 11.2.
About 15 seconds into watching a video on my feed the app force closes
Every time I try to watch a video on Facebook, it freezes, and then the app shuts down and takes me back to my home screen. It’s beginning to be annoying and has been doing this for a week or two. Please try to fix this problem.
Since the last update every time I view a video it closes my app out!!! I then have to go back and restart again! Then all these ads are ridiculous, I don’t go on Facebook to be sold merchandise.
I try to watch DUST every week. However, Facebook is failing when Dust starts about 4minutes in Just dies. I am then kicked out to my IOS home screen. I am running the latest Facebook and IOS ???
App is crashing mid-way through videos with the latest update!
They will not clear. I always have the 1 in the corner of the app!!!! Tried to rest and app, my phone, and even deleted and  downloaded and it still won’t clear!?!? Any suggestions
Crashes after playing a video, everytime. I tried to delete the app and restart it and it keeps crashing
It shuts down constantly and I lose my place on whatever I was doing. And there's an ad every 2 seconds. When I open an article it always redirects me to something saying that I won 1,000 dollars or some other bs lie. It also will refresh and when I go to click the "next page button" it will have me hit an ad instead and sometimes it will randomly take me back a few pages so I have to spend time finding my place all over again. Facebook is already a billion + dollar company, do they really need to be so greedy with like a million ads & to make it unbearable for their users? Please do something useful and fix your problems instead of creating new ones just to get your greedy selves more money.
App constantly crashed when watching videos...
impossible to use version 152.0 on iphone 8 plus. app crashes within 5 minutes that i’m using it!!
Every time I watch a video it crashes. Every. Single. Time.
I can’t use this app for 5 minutes with it breaking down
Crashes on every video I watch about 30-40 seconds into the video
Every time I play a video on the app the whole app shuts down in the middle of watching any video. Very frustrating, and annoying. Please fix!
Updates keep fixing one thing and breaking at least one other thing. Currently videos are causing the app to force close. This is a very weak app for such a popular company. There is bigger and better out there. It’s almost not worth having an account any longer. I feel like they would be better off building from the ground up and being more conscious of not messing up along the way.
I’ve never had a problem with Facebook until recently. Every time I try to watch a video I get about 20 seconds in and the whole app crashes.
I can’t watch videos on Facebook because the app just crashes as soon as I try to watch any video.
Every time I play a video it crashes the app.
Why does Facebook app keep crashing while watching videos on the iPhone X? Already updated both phone and app, already deleted app, already rest phone... what the hell!? Please fix ASAP it is getting annoying.
You can place a crap ton of adds in the app, but this new update now causes videos played in full screen to crash the app.
Over the past week it has consistently crashed if I play a video
Every time i try to view a video it keeps force closing
Since the newest update, my app has been crashing every time I watch a video.
The app is crashing too often now while watching videos. Hate it 😒
This version of the app keeps crashing every time I try to watch a video!
It’s getting to be annoying because it’s force closing
Every time I try to comment on something the text box just moves up and it still works it’s just out of place like the text box is in the middle and idk if it’s just my phone but then I restart my phone and I still have this problem
App crashes while watching videos and it’s so annoying! Also the ads during videos are getting EXTREMELY ridiculous. 5 seconds to watching a video there’s an ad.
Fix your bug Facebook! I watch a video any kind of video and half way through the video I get kicked out the app and can’t find that video anymore!
I HATE that if you move away from reading Facebook it starts over. Why can't it just stay where I left off, if I didn't close the app. Pls consider fixing.
It will crash during movies or buffer a lot to make it frustrating.
Fb app for the newest update keeps crashing
Ever since the update 2 days ago the app shuts down in the middle of any video I try to watch on it. Idk if anyone else is having this issue but it’s being a pain in the butt to deal with
When i open a video to watch it , it plays just fine for about 5-10 secs then it just shuts down the FB app completely. Whats going on????
So updated Facebook as usual. Now about 30 second into any video I watch the app just crashes and shuts itself off. No explanation and is a 100 percent consistent issue.
Everytime I watch a video on Facebook the app crashes halfway into playback. Please patch this!
Everytime I try to watch a video, my app crashes after about 7 seconds... super annoying.  Fix soon.  I can spend a long time on FB videos, and now i can't even watch one! 🙄🙄🙄😫
App keeps crashing anytime I try and watch a video. Becoming extremely frustrating to try and use this app.
Facebook was great, but since I updated it it closes randomly. I haven’t been able to finish watching a short video because it closes and I can’t find it again. Please fix! It’s on its way to deletion pretty soon.
This sht is crashing every time I play a video... and it’s being all day like this, you guys are hiring cheap QA engineers?
Ever since last update, Facebook keeps crashing.   It’s bad enough I have to put up with the excessive ad’s.   Please fix soon!
Every-time I play a video, it gets like ten seconds in and then kicks me out of the Facebook app.
Never had a problem with Facebook crashing before but the latest update causes crashes every few minutes! Completely unusable
The app crashes after the last update
Can’t watch videos Slow performance  Lots of Ads Keeps crashing while playing videos 
Facebook is primarily videos at this point, about 20sec in on every single video it crashes the app. Frustrating to say the least.
Slow .. high battery & data consumption!
FACEBOOK NEEDS TO GET IT TOGETHER. SINCE I RECENTLY UPDATED THE APP IT NOW KICKS ME OUT OF FACEBOOK WHEN I PLAY VIDEOS. IT ONLY LETS ME PLAY A VIDEO FOR 30 seconds AND THEN IT KICKS ME OUT THE APP ENTIRELY. It’s becoming annoying
App continually crashes when watching Facebook videos.. being my primary use of the app this makes it unusable. Please fix in an update... tried restarting, uninstall and reinstall.
With this recent update it when viewing a video it has made my fb app crash each time.
After the latest update whenever I’m watching a video it kicks me out out of Facebook. How about instead of putting out new things like stupid marketplace and ads every 2 seconds you fix actual problems. Facebook is getting boring now everything is about business and advertising everything. It’s no longer catching up with friends with all these suggestions that pop up after every post.
Why does my app crash when I’m watching any FB videos??? It’s getting really annoying!
Every time I’m using the app watching a video it closes the app by it self and I will like to know why it started doing that and what should I do ???
While playing videos
Facebook was ok until new update now videos seem to play for a short bit then crash the app.
Gostaria de saber o porque que o Facebook fica bugando ou seja qd vc entra em menos de um minuto ele sai do face.?
Terrible, with the new update I can’t get through watching 1 video before the app force closes
Updated my Facebook last night and now today it keeps shutting down anytime I watch a video. Super frustrating. Please fix.
Ever since the recent update I’m unable to watch videos. I can open it, but after about 10 seconds the app force closes. Every. Single. Time. Starting to piss me off.
My app will crash 20 seconds into a video now.
There's always something new going wrong with the Facebook app. I recently updated it and now it closes every time I try to watch a video! So annoying. Fix this!
Every time on my iphone x please fix video crash
I DONT KNOW WHATS GOING ON BUT EVERY TIME I START WATCHING A VIDEO FACEBOOK APP CRASHES PLEASE FIX.
Since the updates for the iPhone X have come out, this app keeps crashing on my phone. It’s super annoying and honestly, all the updates have been terrible on my phone thus far (I have an iPhone 7)
Everytime I watch a video it crashes. iPhone X iOS 11.2
Recently posts of pictures and videos are not loading on the Facebook app. If I log into Facebook site directly, it loads just fine as does everything on any other app.
App keeps crashing during videos!!!
Ever since the latest update on or around 12/8, videos played from within the app play for about 15-30 seconds (duration seems to vary) and crashes the Facebook app. I have tried resetting my phone and have deleted and reinstalled the app. Neither of these remedied the problem. I wish there was a 3rd party alternative to the Facebook app.
Would be nice if I could actually access my items from the menu.  With last update they covered them up.  Little quality control would be nice
App keeps crashing when I try to watch videos. Fix this.
Problemas con la reproducción de videos en la aplicación cuando estoy mirando algún video de repente la aplicación se cierra con apenas empezando el videos se sierra solo sin yo salir de la aplicación esto es muy incómodo deberían de acer algo con esto 😡😡😡😡😡
The app has been crashing for a week! Every time I open a video it closes the app  I have tried departing and re downloading it but it’s still happens  Please fix this !!  Thank you 
The app won’t stop shutting down. It usually when I’m watching a video. It’s very annoying.
I can’t go like 15 seconds into a video without the app completely crashing. Same thing happens on my iPad.
I’ll be in the middle of watching a video or reading something on Facebook and it decided to close out on its own. Happens every time I use the app. I’m getting very disappointed with this app. I was whatever about the ads, but this is just getting ridiculous now.
Every time I am using Facebook now, I’m in the middle of watching a heartfelt video and it crashes. Now I have no idea what happens to little Jessica while she sleeps or about that poor puppy someone found in an alley :(
The app crashes everytime i press the share button
Since the update, 3 days ago... every time I try to watch a video, the app crashes about 20-30secs into it... no matter what video, no matter how long... no matter if on WiFi or cellular... it CRASHES....!!!!
App keeps crashing when watching videos on my iPhone 8plus. Apple is telling me that is not the cell is the App needs improvement. So there FB, get on it.
When watching a video, the app will force close. I have the iPhone 8 plus running 11.2. Please fix. 
This update causes the app to crash a lot especially when I am watching videos👎🏽 boo
Please fix! Facebook app stuck!
Ever since doing an update, all the videos cut off after a few seconds. Please fix this.
With the newest update It keeps crashing while I’m watching a video. So frustrating!
I love Facebook I’ve had it since 2006
Every time I am watching a video that is longer than say, 10 seconds, the screen goes gray and Facebook crashes and spits me onto my phone’s app screen. This is really annoying and I don’t know why it keeps happening. Then when I open Facebook back up, I cannot find the same video I was just watching. Maybe it was the recent update or maybe it is just my phone, but Facebook please do something. It has happened every time I watch a long (ish) video in the last several days. I enjoy the plethora of videos Facebook has and would like to watch them in peace, without crashes.
Just got a new phone. The Facebook app is updated, but every time I try to watch a video, the video plays for maybe five seconds and then the app closes out. I tried deleting the app and reinstalling, but that didn’t help.
I can’t click and watch a video without the app closing. This problem never existed until this recent update. And as a person who watches one video and then before they know it notices they’ve been on Facebook for HOURS this is frustrating. Please fix, uninstalling and reinstalling doesn’t work at all.
App constantly forecloses especially when trying to watch a video! Speaking of videos, whose idea was it to put ads in the middle of a video????
The app keeps crashing since the update
Keeps crashing every time I view a video...please fix this.
The latest update has stopped videos mid play and quit/exited the app without warning. Really obnoxious
I’ve been getting real irritated when i am watching a video and it closes out to my home screen. I have updated the app & deleted & redownloaded it and it still has not helped. Very disappointed
Crashes in the middle of videos every time
Obviously I use the app a lot - except since the most recent update the app crashes every time I watch a video for more than 30 seconds. Please fix.
The best part of Facebook is watching videos... and every time I’m watching one, my app crashes completely. I have deleted and reinstalled and still having the same issue since the update. Please fix this!
Since the latest update (its currently 12/11/17) the Facebook app keeps crashing . iPhone 8 Plus . I’m so sad
This is the first time I ever write a review for something on the App Store. Facebook has been so annoying ever since I updated it, almost every time that I try to watch a video that app crashes or my screen goes black. On top of that now there’s occasionally more than one ad, like come on.
For the last two days every time I watch a video on my feed the app crashes. I’ve tried restarting and clearing the cache and it still keeps crashing... any help?
Kees kicking me out of the app after like 1 minuet of watching a videos fix iOS
Every time I want to play a video the App keeps crashing. I have deleted the app; turned off auto video play and turned off video Sound. Nothing seems to work.
Can you please fix the stupid random crashes when watching a video? And the random time I have to reopen the app because it won’t let me click on a notification. This really is crap.
Very unstable keeps crashing on my iPhone X! Please fix! I use this app regularly!
Every time I try to watch a  video post or clip on Facebook it closes in 10 seconds! Not very happy with this update. Please fix
Multiple crashes, it’s crashing all the time whether video please through the Facebook app, so annoying I can’t even do anything, reboot doesn’t work as well. (iPhone 7 Plus)
I am trying to watch the Facebook watch episodes and the app keeps going back to my home screen and it is annoying as hell. Please fix Facebook...
The app is just force shutting down if u play a movie or anything can u please stop it from shutting down offer two seconds in a video
All videos seems to cut off mid way and closes out the app. iOS 11.2  iPhone 7
FB crashing when I try to share a photo or video with my iPhone.  How do I fix???
I hate Facebook sooooo much!! I’ll scroll down  and find a 5 minute video and be 30 seconds into watching and bam... it crashes, so I open Facebook again... try to find my video and watch a little further and it will crash with almost every video. Even crashes sometimes when I post something to a group... this app should get a 0... so if ands or buts about it...
Every time I watch a video the app crashes. I understand ads help pay for overhead but every video has to have one is a bit extreme.
Jeremías 2009
This fb app keeps crashing whenever i play video on my iphone 7plus. I tried restarting my phone, deleting fb app, reinstalling, logging out, updating my software but nothing solved the issue. My app automatically closes at around 30-50 seconds when i play videos
I have been a Facebook user for a number of years but recently have had a great deal of trouble signing in. I have tried several times today but will not let me in. I would like someone to contact me to help.
Ever since I upgraded to the last update Facebook crashes in the middle of watching videos on Facebook. The screen goes black and goes to my iPhone home screen.   Please fix 
Videos play normally while scrolling, but if you decide to actually click on to watch a video, the app crashes after a few seconds. Absolutely worthless.
whenever I watch a video the entire app crashes during it. Also I understand the need for ads, but ads in the middle of the video is the worst thing Facebook has done. Either keep the ads in the news feed or put them at the beginning of a video because being interrupted while watching a video is awful and 9 times out of 10 I just exit the video so I don’t have to watch the ad and continue scrolling
Every time I’m in the middle of watching a video the whole app just closes😡
The app will start a video and then 10-15 seconds in it will force close. I hate this app now.
My app shuts down in the middle of every video I watch now needs an update or fix this is ridiculous!!
My Facebook app closes down every time I open up a video to watch it, I barely make it halfway through before it shuts down on me.
Every time I try to watch a video on Facebook the video will play for 5 seconds and the app will close on its own 😤
Can't have the app open without it crashing!
Every time I watch any video for couple minutes and start crashing every time kicks me out of Facebook.. And it’s not only happening to me iPhone X on iso 11.1.2 and 11.2.
So much glitching! I'm downgraded my review to one star. The app has been getting worse and worse with every update. Aside from the ads in every other video, which are super annoying, now the app is glitching. I'll be reading a story or looking at a photo and Facebook will randomly close out. When I click on a photo and enlarge it, I try to close it, but I gets stuck and I end up having to force close the app entirely. Such a hassle. The swipe to use the camera option is getting old fast. I'm never going to use that feature and I always open it when trying to close a video or something. *Sigh*. The auto fresh also KILLS me. Sometimes I'll be watching an interesting video and put my phone down for a minute. If my phone goes to sleep, that's it. Facebook will refresh my feed and I'll lose the video if it's deep enough.
Far too many adds on the site anymore and putting multiple adds within videos is ridiculous. Every time I play a video the app crashes halfway thru
Whenever I start to watch a video on Facebook it blacks out and exits the app completely about 20-30 seconds in. It hasn’t done this before and I never had a problem with the app until 2 days ago. Please fix this.
Since the last update, all of my Facebook videos stop mid-way through and cause the app to close. I think there’s a bug that needs to be fixed. It’s happening with every single video since I updated last week.
For the last week or so, every time I open up a video on the facebook app the video will play for a bit and then randomly at some Point during the video my entire app will just crash and close out. I’ve been dealing with it, learning to just watch the videos without actually opening them. But today, I had to open a video because it was a video showing dogs making funny sounds and in order to have volume the video must be open. Half way through, in the middle of a yodeling pit bull, the app crashed once again, and now the video is lost. This is unforgivable. It is one thing for the issue to effect random videos I don’t care about, but it has now started to prevent me from watching dog videos???? Unacceptable. Fix this issue immediately so I can enjoy my dog videos without fear.
Facebook closes while watching a video on there every time! Please get it fixed with an update!
Since the update Facebook crashes when I watch videos. Half the time I don’t watch the whole video anyways when the ads start I keep scrolling but now it just crashes the app
12/11/17 just keeps crashing every time I watch a video   All the sudden it stop working completely. I tried to delete and reinstall and it tells me it can't be installed at this time. Please fix!!! 
After the last update it keeps crashing  when you watch a video
Every time I watch a video it kicks me out of fb idk y it’s getting me mad cuz he never lets me finish the whole video n then boom I’m getting kicked out again
Ever since I updated to the newest version , every time I watch a video it force close the app
Ever since i updated, i can’t watch anything on the watch list because it’ll shut down the entire app.
It keeps on crashing everytime I watch videos. Pls fix it. Please
The FB app is crashing at the very beginning of watching any video. What gives? This wasn’t happening before the latest update. Will there be a new update addressing this severely annoying issue?   No 0 star option. 
Guys fix your stability issues I can even go on for 5mins before it crashes.
App won't stay open for more than 2 seconds before it just crashes back to my home screen. It's absolutely horrible. Fix it Facebook. Now. Biggest social media giant ever and you can't even make an update properly? Garbage.
Every time I bring up a video, I get about 30 seconds in and the app crashes completely.  Restarts my news feed and I can’t find the video.
The app crashes 20-30 seconds into every video I try to watch since the last update. Super frustrating & annoying. 😡 Please fix.
Any time you guys do an update (which is often) it ruins my app for so long. Now I can barely use it without it crashing... especially if I’m watching a video. 30 seconds in and it crashes... So over it and about to be done with using it...
I don’t know what is happening to my Facebook app whenever i see a video after watching for a while my app closes. Can anyone help me with that because that’s annoying.
Since the last update, every video I try to watch after some seconds the app closes.
Since I updated the app, it crashes every 2 minutes. Please fix that. Thank you
Ever since the new update, every single time I am TRYING to watch any video on here, the whole app shuts down and I’m at my home screen, super irritating. 😤
Every time I try and watch a video on Facebook after like 45 seconds the video closes out as well as Facebook. Fix the glitches
Frustrated with the new update, the app drains the battery twice as quickly now
App keeps crashing after recent update.
Crash all The time with New version
If you click on a notification, it no longer takes you to the actual post, just the page that the post is on. If you follow a page that posts frequently, it's hard telling which post you were being notified of. Notifications are now a waste of time. 12/11/17 - this issue has not been fixed yet.
Normally I don’t have a ton of problems with this app, I scroll through my newsfeed daily, multiple times per day. However for the past few days, whenever I am watching a video, the app blacks out and goes to my main screen! It’s VERY annoying, can we fix this please?
Ever since the last update every time I try to watch a video it quits and takes me back to home screen. Very annoying please fix ASAP.
This new update is terrible!! I pull up a video to watch and it shuts the whole app down.
You can keep in touch with family and friends! You also can use it to sign into things a lot faster! I just would have one suggestion: please try to reduce the adds, I know that’s a way Facebook gets money but there are WAY too many adds!
When watching a video in my feed Facebook app closes out. Very annoying!!! Only doing this since last update.
Crash every times finished watching videos,must fix this problem
I can’t seem to watch videos without it crashing 20-25 seconds in. Please fix that.
Hi, I’ve never saw an app crash with this app, now with my 7 plus the app crashes all the time , AND PLEASE STOP SO MANY ADS, we don’t want ads and you facebook know it
Crashes every other time I open a video, reinstalled, wiped phone, nothing.  Just not a good update
I love Facebook, but this morning I added pictures of my girls before school and every time I click on the picture Facebook closes out!! Fix this!!! I’ve even tried restarting my phone, but didn’t help!
I can no longer watch a video on Facebook for more then 5 seconds. Facebook crashes and closes out. Deleted the application and reinstalled it. Still nothing.
I can’t watch a video for 10 seconds before the app crashes. At first I thought I may be victim to a bug from the latest iOS update but my fiancé told me that she was experiencing the same thing. Other times the app becomes unresponsive when I am scrolling or to check notifications.
Facebook has been crashing every time I try to watch a video. All of my apps and systems have been updated soooo
After the last updates the video start crashing very frequently, I think you can do better please
Whenever I watch a video, the app crashes. It gets frustrating. Please fix this
I have an iPhone 7 Plus and since the last update any video will crash the app after about 10 seconds of viewing!
I have the latest version of the iphone and the facebook application and when I see video the application is automatically disconnected.
Después de la ultima actualización que le hice a la aplicación, cuando estoy viendo un vídeo, el mismo se detiene súbitamente y no me deja verlos hasta el final.
I can’t even watch a video for two seconds before it closes me out of the app.
Since the update videos kick me out before I can watch them - super annoying
So t let me update to the new layout still ha e the old one
Each time I start to watch a video the app completely shuts down. 😞 
the app has continuously shut out 5 seconds in on a video. i hate it. plus there’s toooo many ad’s!
Since last update Facebook crashes if I open any video
I love the app but recently it is crushing while watching videos could you please follow up
After the new update I did on 12/8. My app crashes like every 5 minutes. It is so annoying.
Since the last update every time I try to watch a video it closes out my whole app. Totally aggravating!
Every f*** time I try to watch a f*** video facebook closes and restarts the f*** app.  FIX THIS SH****!!! 
My app keeps crashing when I am watching videos. Any reason why???
Ever since I updated to version 152, after about 15 secs or so while watching a video the app kicks me out and sends me to my home screen. Please fix this bug!
Facebook has kicked me off many of times and now it's forcing me to log out because "I'm not acting like myself" I had to make a new password because it thinks I'm hacking my own account
Seems like the app is crashing a lot now especially when watching a video. Started happening more often since v152. However, it is mostly ads now anyway and I don’t really see that many posts from friends any more. Not sure why I need to use an app to view commercials. I can just go watch tv for that. I think it is finally time to move on and uninstall.  I think this will actually be a good thing so we can rid social media apps from our lives and all the negativity that comes with them. 
I’ve been using iPhone for two years now and the Facebook app has never given me trouble until I got the iPhone X. It shuts off randomly and will not let me watch videos, shutting down as well. I’m not sure if it’s got a bug or something, but I’ve tried updating my phone and the app and the issue persists.
The app crashes every time that I try to watch a video.
App worked great until new IOS update to 11 (any version). Whenever a video is watched, it crashes the app. Also...seriously...ads?
I’m not sure if there’s a glitch with the newest update, but my app crashes every few minutes. This is super annoying.
Timeline update everytime and runs to top. I can't read all noticies.  A lot of bugs. Iphone 8 plus 64gb. 
This new version crashes every single time I try and watch a video. Facebook, fix your $h!t!
Since updating my phone Facebook force closes while in a video, or reading a long post. It seems like anything that causes me to stop scrolling shuts it down. Double tap to pull Facebook open again and it refreshes the page and I have to scroll back down or search where I left off. Very frustrating.
Everytime i’m watching a video the app crashes.
Ever since the last update, while I’m watching a video it will kick/close out the fb app half way through the video. Please fix!
The app crashes when you try to watch a Facebook video
I have experience on my phone lately that everytime I try to watch a video in full view in my phone it will cause the app to crash. I upgraded to the latest version on my phone and the app itself and continues to do the same. Any ideas
Ever since new update app keeps crashing
Only plays about 20 secs of the video then closes the application
All of a sudden now when I’m watching videos on Facebook the app will crash. Not sure if anyone else is having this issue. I’m running on iPhone 7 Plus. I believe this happened during the latest upgrade. Please fix!!
Why won't this app download?  It keeps saying. "This update is temporarily unavailable.  Try again later."  It's  done this for weeks. What gives?
Kelps crashing when I am watching any video
new update shuts off while watching a video!!!
Having problems with the videos app it’s crashes all the time
I feel insecure by using fb app and messenger. No matter how did I control my phone contacts, fb messenger & fb app uploaded automatically. In addition, I also did the tasks what Fb help center suggested.   Your marketing strategies are not safe for user due to privacy issue and ethical issue.  Tun 
The current version crashes more than Bruce Jenner trying to drive the Pacific Coast Highway.  Fix it Facebook; it’s been days. 
Can’t play any video for more than about 30 seconds before app completely crashes!
This version of the app is closing itself, when you start watch videos the app crashes. please fix it.
Facebook keeps closing on me like it’s crashing. My phone and service are new. There’s nothing wrong with anything but only the app. I am going to get rid of it because the ads are extremely annoying and it keeps crashing on me. This app used to be alright, but now it’s a huge waste of space. All these updates but nothing ever changes.
Every single time I try to watch a video it signs me out to my home screen every 10 seconds of the video. Please fix. Thank you.
The new version (152) always crashes on my iPhone 6S.  And my timeline have a lot of ads, including ads in video that a can’t skip 😕. 
Facebook won’t stay open longer than 1 minute if I’m watching a video and will crash every few minutes if I’m just scrolling through. Also all of the ads on Facebook are ridiculous.
Every time I watch a video the app closes out. Very annoying
Facebook is about consumer data—not communication.
Just recently playing videos within the app causes complete app crash and back to home screen.   Fix soon 🕔 
Videos are suddenly.
Crashing after update. Please fix
With constant pop-up windows. So I'm giving it 1 star. Happy Facebook? I rated. Also WAY too many ads. And the app keeps crashing when playing videos. Get it together.
I don’t know what’s going on but I used to like fb until all this dumb ads started to pop up now .. and for some reason EVERY SINGLE TIME I play a video and it ends Facebook app just closes on its own. like why ?
The app on my phone will continue to crash when I’m only watching one video. I’m tired of having to reopen the app and trying to find the video again
Something is wrong with this version.  It’s closing when I’m watching videos!   (When I use the Safari to acess Facebook, it does not occur)!
I used Facebook daily and of course watching video too. But now my Facebook app keeps crashing every time I play video. I tried all possible ways like restart my phone, reinstall app but it still happens. It really annoys and frustrated but it seems like there is no ways I get any help from Facebook.
It crashes EVERY time I play a video on my iPhone X. Wasn’t a problem until update please fix
Has crashed every time I’ve watched a video.
I see there was an update a couple of days ago which probably explains why I keep getting kicked off FB. This happens primarily when I’m watching a video. Please fix the glitch. Annoying.
Every time I watch a video it kicks me off please fix the bug!
Always getting a blank feed or space at first
Not one Facebook video I can play (iPhone 6+) completes without crashing first.
App keeps closing when I watch a video. 👎🏽
Newest update has videos crashing the app.
Every time i go on the app and watch videos, they play for a bit and the app crashes. It’s happened 3 times already and it’s really irritating compared to being used to watching videos and scrolling through my newsfeed whenever i have spare time.
Crashing on V152. Reproducibility 10 out of 10.
Every time there is an update, something bad happens. I have to save every video I am interested in because it’ll crash and refresh my newsfeed. Also the amount of ads is awful. I was watching a 20 second video and got interrupted by a 30 second ad. Fix this asap.
The app is crashing every time I play a video in iPhone X. Worst experience ever.
I can’t even seem to watch a minute long video without it crashing on me. An update or something needs to be put out for it because this is ridiculous.
I actually just discovered Explore Feed and I love it but the newest update causes the app to crash every time I open Explore Feed. Ugh, fix.
Hey Chicos acabo de adquirir el nuevo iPhone X y no se si esta mal la versión o es que  hay problemas con mi celular . Cuando entro a Facebook y veo cualquier video me saca automáticamente de la aplicación , ya probé todo , verifique que tuviera la más reciente versión , borre y baje la aplicación de nuevo, apague , reinicie el celular , borre todo el historial , incluso reajuste los ajustes de internet . Y también puse mi cel como nuevo ( borre todo ) y sigue con lo mismo me saca cuando veo algún video . Creo que es mi celular ??? A alguien más le pasa ? Debería hacer uso de mi garantía o creo que es culpa del app ? Help !!!!
Since the update (2days ago) a minute into using the app it completely turns off/crashes.
Ever since the new updates the app keeps crashing when i try to watch a video and too many pop ads just to watch a short video smh
I can't watch a video for more than two minutes or so without the app going black and crashing. Of course, once I boot it up again, finding the video I was watching is IMPOSSIBLE because posts aren't in chronological order. I'm on an iPhone 6. This was never an issue before this last update. Please fix it.
Ever since the app update a few days ago every time I try and play a clerk it force closes! 😒 plz fix!
App keeps crashing everytime I watch a video
When I get on Facebook for like about 60 secs the app will crash for no reason
Tras la nueva actualización la app se cierra sola y por mas que reinicie la app sigue el problema no nunca me habia pasado un problema con facebook pero me esta cansando !!!!! ARREGLENLO 😡😡😡😡
As soon as I got this new update, every time I try and watch a video the whole app crashes..??😳😳
App crashes when viewing videos. I’ve deleted, reinstalled, ran an iPhone diagnostic with apple support and several other troubleshooting steps. This issue is isolated to the Facebook app. The problem started when I updated app  2 days ago 12-8-17. Please fix it.
FB app on iPhone 5S currently closing randomly while playing videos. Would love an update to fix this!
Too many ads and it keeps dreaming crashing every 5 minutes, not even exaggerating like tf???
On iOS 11.2 my iPhone X keeps crashed while watching videos for no reason.
Idk what’s with the latest update but now everytime I watch a video fb app crashes. EVERY time. Really annoying
I love the App, but it keeps crashing.
Laggy , freezes on clicking pictures. Closes. Ads for crap I will never click on or buy ever now clogging my feed. Share comment etc random on pages liked . IOS FB worked well 2 versions ago, feels like they want it worse. Starting to lose faith in mobile platform altogether , but they kill it something else will take over just ask MySpace. Several years of fb police censoring anything not liberal wears thin. Videos inside FB crash the app repeatedly
Psshh gimme a break. If u love Snapchat, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, WhatApp, LinkedIn Etc.  ANY OF THOSE... They all came from this. Thats like saying you love Calloway, Titlest, & TaylorMade but hate golf. FB was the OG. Hate social media or not, have some respect.ʟ👊
Todo estaba bien hasta que descargue la ultima actualización ahora entro y como en 2 minutos se me cierra la aplicación esta fatal espero que lo resuelvan pronto
This update crashes constantly when watching videos.
I have an iPhone X and I can’t watch fb video without crashing.  Good luck increasing video adoption rates if this continues.
Facebook has always worked well for me. Ever since this new update, whether it’s the Facebook update or the new iOS update, not sure! Any time I watch a video it crashes in 2 seconds. I reopen and it doesn’t load 😡 what is going on?
Watching a video through my news feed and it crashed the app ,please fix
The app keeps crashing when I watch videos longer than 2 minutes.. no clue why it’s happening but it’s very annoying
Every time I pull up a video it allows me to watch about 30 seconds of the video. Then the entire app will close... it’s annoying
My Facebook app keeps crashing and kicking me out of the app!  It’s getting annoying. I’m watching a video and all of a sudden I’m back to my phones home page!  Fix it please!!! 
The last update it’s so bad  A lot of crush 
I don’t know what y’all did on this update but I can’t watch any videos without Facebook closing out then I have to open the app back up and start at the top of my newsfeed.
What’s up now, I cannot view videos anymore. Play for 10 seconds then shuts the app down completely. I’m going to delete it if it don’t stop
The app has been consistently fine for many months, but now it force closes in the middle of any video playing directly from the site. It’s annoying enough to prompt me to leave a review, for whatever that’s worth (if anything).
It force closest when I’m watching a video it’s happened three times now with two different videos and it’s never done that before so why start now right after the new update
With all these updates whats actually being updated?
Why does it keep crashing! Trying to watch Ball in the family and it crashes every 30 seconds!! 🤬🤬🤬
Every update brings more adds and more bugs that cause the app to crash. I can’t watch a video without the app crashing. I’m running a non-jail broken, fully updated, IPhone 7 Plus. This shouldn’t be happening. This app only gets worse.
Every video I try to watch crashes the app. Same happens to my friend who has this version. Oh and too many ads 😡
I wasn’t going to complain but because now it crashes out of nowhere I have to.  My first complaint was going to be about how not funny it was that the app constantly reset my setting for the in app sound even when I didn’t update the app. I was  constantly having to turn my in app sound off EVERY time I opened the app. I found this to be disturbing and odd which made me feel like what the hell else is FB doing to accounts without the users knowledge. The sounds are ANNOYING btw. I recently updated the app and now it crashes out of nowhere. The only use I get out of this app is reading posts and some support communicating with parents from some groups created for children with special needs but other than that I don’t use it because of the frustrating crap I have mentioned above.
Ever since this most recent update it keeps kicking me off of the episodes.😡
Never had many issues for a while. Now I always have a one even after updates. App force closes while watching videos now.  Awesome for those really informative videos that I totally didn’t want to watch
Latest update is causing my app to crash when I am watching videos on my news feed. Any video I watch causes my app to crash. Please fix.
App force closes anytime i try to watch a video
This glitch is the videos don’t last for more than a min and it stops it and resets the app back out... please fix
Everytime i watch a video it blacks out and goes back to my home screen i can’t even do anything in Facebook anymore this is so aggravating. I’ve wrote to the support but they are no help or didn’t even reply like seriously what’s the deal!
Since this update I can’t watch anyone’s video or it shuts off!! Closes fb and bam no more video in site!
Currently I’ve been haveing issues with crashing while watching a video
Tengo problema con mi app seme sierra sola cuando veo videos
This upgrade is crazy is not working properly it  cut off every five seconds
I like the app but lacks some functions. Being mobile is awesome  More frequent, faster update from friends. Looking at tagged pictures, is there a way to keep the names longer or bring them back without leaving the pic & return again to see the names quickly again? Overall I think it is a good 'lil app.  My latest version of Facebook without me to watch someone’s video for about a minute and then it will kill the app and bring me back to the homepage on my iPhone 
Fix Facebook  It's always closing the app and it's annoying 
Up until recently my Facebook app has worked great but the last two weeks or so whenever I watch a Facebook video about 30 seconds or so in the app crashes and “kills the app” so when I click on the app again from the home screen it basically reloads the whole app rather than where I left off. Very annoying and even after crashing it will still crash while watching the videos again. Consistently crashes I don’t know why this started recently but a fix would be greatly appreciated.
When I play videos it only plays maybe 30 seconds of the video and then shuts Facebook down completely please fix this bug ASAP or I will delete the app it’s so aggravating
It’s usually while I’m watching a video. I’ll be about 15 seconds into the video, and the app crashes and closes. And because of Facebook’s algorithm, the post is hidden when I open the app back up, and it’s very difficult to find again. Very annoying. No point in using if it isn’t stable.
Repeatedly crashes since last update. Seems worst with videos
Crashes every time when watching videos . IOS 11.2, IPhone 7 Plus
Since this new update every single time I go to watch a video I get about 50 seconds into it and IT KICKS ME OFF. This is extremely irritating and I do not want to even be on Facebook rn. Please fix this 🤦🏼‍♀️
After the latest update app is crashing while watching video.
Every time I go to start binge watching videos about Video Games, Life, or just plain things to watch, it seems as though I can get through the first minute of the video and then the Facebook App will crash and I’ll have to open it again. And every then that doesn’t help. I’ve deleted and downloaded the app again but it hasn’t seemed to help. It’s been doing it for two nights now and would like to know why or how it can be fixed. Getting very very very annoying.
Lately the app has been crashing after a few minutes use. Seems to only happen when viewing an article or video. For the first few minutes you can go about normal activity, but then it is like a ticking time bomb just waiting for the phone home screen to pop up and lose where ever you were in the app. Please fix this as the app is getting to be too unbearable to use.
Constant crashing while watching videos.  I get 3/4 through and the app crashes! Very frustrating!!!!!
Since I updated my Facebook app, it’s been running really slow and force closing the app. This is version 152.0.
Why is it when I watch a video on Facebook it only plays for a few seconds and Facebook shuts down? I have an iPhone 7.
Every time I click on a video the app crashes after about 20-35 seconds. I have turned off my phone and closed the app several but the problem persists.
Every time I play a video the app crashes!
This keeps crashing on my iPhone X randomly
I’m on the app for 30 seconds and it shuts down!! Fix!!
Recently had an update and the app has been shutting down unexpectedly. I have done lots of troubleshooting but it seems like it’s not my phone but the app itself. please fix!!
I have a iPhone and my Facebook keeps crashing .
It seems that when I play a video on this app and after 15 to 40 seconds in the app just crashes and closes on me. I deleted the app and downloaded the application twice now and it doesn't seem to correct it. Can someone please update this app, don't know if any other Iphone X users are experiencing this. Please help, I'm out of ideas.
Sketchy.
My iPhone 7 Facebook app crashes every time I plays videos on it. I already update my phone to newest update and I also update the Facebook app and reinstalled it again and it’s still crashes. And i also reset all my iPhone settings and restore the iPhone as a new phone and it’s still crashes.  Don’t know what to do anymore please fixed it.
Facebook app shuts down randomly when playing videos on iphone X
Every time I watch a video on facebook it crashes and exits out. Sick of it.
Ever since the last update. It closes the app in the middle of videos!
Just as title says. Will edit review when fixed. Hopefully it is soon.
Newest update makes the app crash. Plus why put ads in the middle of videos? How about the beginning ? Totally inconsiderate
Watching videos with info, comments, up next underneath it shuts down the app totally and sends my phone to home screen. It’s driving me crazy, please fix this!!!
My app keeps crashing halfway into any video. :(
Can't get through a video without the app crashing.
Crashes every time I watch a video
Ever since I recently did an update on the app every time I watch a video app keeps shutting down
Ever since I updated the app it is constantly crashing and closing out the app! Please fix this issue.
👎
So I am in able to stay on the lovely Facebook app longer than 2 mins before I get booted off. I’m not getting all of my notifications. It seems like every time there is a software update someone forgets to make it compatible with the app. I’m so tired of this.
The new version crashes constantly. Your quality team must have been sleeping. Fix it!!   The new video watch page is horrible. The UI isn't intuitive and is super annoying. UI before the change was awesome. 
Facebook is littered with ads and is filled with glitches. It crashes multiple times a day. Content quality isn’t there any longer.
This app used to be stable but recently I can barely keep the app open before it crashes on my 5s. Like seriously I’m bummed.
Can’t make it through a video without the app shutting down. The app constantly shuts down and restarts randomly.
Every time I try to watch a video the app crashes and it doesn’t matter what I do to try to restart the app or my phone it doesn’t fix the issue.
Anybody else have a problem with videos crashing during play About 15 seconds in or so?
Creepy app listens to you through your microphone 24 hours a day to cater ads to you. Try it - start talking about buying something near your phone and be sure to mention the item several times. Make sure it’s something you have never looked up on your phone. Later you will more than likely see a creepy ad on Facebook.
I updated the app and now every 5 minutes. It’s really annoying .i would love if you goes found a solution to this problem and fix it
App keeps crashing
App keeps crashing
I am so frustrated with the new update! Every time I open a video the app crashes! 😡 I do not like it!!
So I tried to find a support contact, but as all the support links go to the self help center I’m just writing a review instead. The app updated 2 days ago, 12/8/17, and now when I watch videos before the video can play all the way through the app crashes. Please investigate and fix this issue. Thanks.
I cannot watch a video in the Facebook App on iPhone X. They always force close the App about half way through watching the video. Unacceptable Facebook and Apple!
App keeps crashing during video playback. Uninstalled and reinstalled no change.
I only really use Facebook to watch videos, so now that the app crashes 30 seconds into every video, there’s no point to even bother using Facebook at all haha
Every single time I try to watch a video it just crashes on me
App crashes randomly.
App keeps force closing while watching videos.
Videos play for 60 seconds and the app closes
Every video i watch Facebook crash you need to fix thia
What the hell? Now it closes every five seconds in the middle of watching a video or reading an article. Fix it!
It keeps crashing now
Any time I play a video Facebook force closes Everytime! I've deleted and redownloaded turned off phone checked for updates etc and nothing works
Every time while watching I’m watching videos on the app it will crash on its own.
Every time I start to play a video, the whole app closes itself out. Anyone else having this issue???
This new update is horrible the keeps on crashing whenever I watch a an episode on Facebook they added so many things that we don't even use please Facebook fix it now !!!!!!
When looking at a video on the app it closes the app and takes me back to my hime screen for my phone. What in the world? Just updated to to verso. 152.
Only can watch a video for about 30 seconds and then fb app crashes. Please fix the bug to this.
Since the recent update, app crashes any time I’m watching a video. Extremely annoying.
Crashes every time I watch a video this app is trash
It won't let me expand comments? It cuts off the comment and gives me the option to "see more" but when I click on it nothing happens...I've updated the app, no luck...
Newest update have slowed down fb
Ever since I updated Facebook I can only watch about 10-15 seconds of ANY video and then the app closes itself. I have iPhone 8 and YES everything is updated.
Keeps crashing and closing when I’m watching videos
Whenever I’m watching a video a minute into it the screen blacks out then the app closes itself. It’s really annoying and happens a lot please fix this!
Every time I back out of the app and go back in, it refreshes. I want to go back to where I left off. I go to look for a link or something and go back to post it in a comment and the app refreshes to the top of my timeline. That’s annoying.
Every time I try to watch a video the app crashes about 30 seconds in. Very frustrating.
Every time I click on a video and watch it half way through the video not even it closes the app and goes back to home screen.
Every time I play a video the app crashes
My Facebook ever since the update won’t let me go through a single video without it glitching and kicking me off ever since this new update it has been TRASH.
Since last update, when I see videos, the Facebook just close.
Entirely TOO many ads! Then if you click to hide the ad you are given options for why but the why doesn’t give you much options. Also, I want to see my most recent not stuff from 4 days ago. Or if I do click my “most recent” I see two of the most recents things and then goes back to hours or days ago. Really annoying.. get it together. I hope everyday update these get fixed but I feel like it gets worse 😩
The app is normally great but lately trying out Facebook video and it only plays for 20 seconds and then crashes the app... lame
App keeps crashing every time I try to watch a video   Not happy
Why when I try to watch something from my watch list I get 30 seconds out of it and it boots me out of the whole Facebook app. Very annoying. But yet thanks to YouTube I can watch it there.
This last update makes facebook app shut down everytime I’m watching a video there. Please fix it, it’s getting very annoying.
Seems like every time I select an update for FB it’s an issue!  Don’t you test these updates first before you make them public??
Cada vez que llega una actualización la aplicación se pone muy lento.
Today’s (12/10/2017) update is not iPhone X friendly. Having viewing problems and keeps closing while in use.
Just a heads up to the developer that the app continues to crash when I’m trying to watch videos.
I love Facebook, but after the recent update to the app, every time I watch a video from my newsfeed the whole app crashes. Would be nice if this could be fixed.
Updated and now can’t watch a video all the way through without it crashing. Too many ads. Too many news stories. I want to see what my friends and family post first and foremost!
Facebook crashes 2-5 minutes into any video I watch.. deleted and reinstalled.. iphone7
Since the update every time i watch a video, 20 seconds in the app crashes
Since the update my iPhone 7Plus will stop playing videos after about 20 seconds on Facebook then return to my home screen. What’s up with that? 
Every 2 minutes or so the app crashes.
Get about 30 seconds into a video then the app crashes every single time!!
Why is your POS consistently crashing all of a sudden on iPhone 7 Plus?
Ever since the last update Facebook crashes every time I try to watch a video. Please fix this it’s so aggravating!
App keeps crashing when I’m watching videos
I was placed in Facebook jail due to my conservative views. Apparently it’s freedom of speech until it’s something they disagree upon. 🤬
App crash everytime trying watch a video.
No se que está pasando con la última actualización!! Solo permite unos minutos cuando se cierra por si solo.
I don't know if it was the new update the app keeps crashing on me after I watch a video and scroll out
i’m tryna watch Ball In The Family #TripleBs but like 2 minutes in the app closes and i cant watch it 😤
Since I updated it keeps closing every time I watch a video.
The app crashes every time I try to watch a video, a couple of seconds after it starts.
The app keeps crashing every time I watch a video. Fix it soon
Application is not loading
Fix your app. It keeps closing by itself
Keep crashing on iPhone X.
The latest update rolled through and now browsing your feed or anything will result in crashes every 10ish minutes it seems. Depending on your frequency of use this can be a massive headache.
this newest update is really annoying, can't even watch videos on facebook without the app crashing every minute or so.
The app is crashing every time in the middle Of a video since last update. 
The new update is crap every time I start to which  video it crashes I’m about to delete it FIX IT
I cannot use this app because it requires iOS 8.0 or higher--to which I cannot upgrade without converting my fully functional iPhone into toxic waste in a third-world Superfund site oughta-be and buying into Apple's scheme to sell its latest oversized, overpriced, overhyped, planned-obsolescence-proliferating MeMeMePhone.  Right back at you, Facepalm.
App keeps crashing after 30 seconds whenever I try to watch a video
I can’t even use this app lately because it crashes after 30 seconds of me using it every time. I’m also not understanding why the app has so many bad reviews, yet facebook doesn’t improve anything? How worthless and careless.
you guys need to come up with a new update soon because every time I try and watch a video, at around 25 seconds it kicks me out of facebook completely. it’s really getting annoying
When your watching a video, Facebook will crash.
Esta actualización no sirve los videos se sierran solo qué pasa q no han tirado otra actualización por q no sirve 😡😡😡
Keep crashing when playing videos. Very frustrating!!!!!
Update , please try again , its still trash. Keeps freezing and cutting off.
Crashing App
I would give it 0 stars if I could. Since this new update the app crashes every 5 mins.
This app isn’t as good as a web version. As others mentioned, there are ads everywhere. This last update crashes a lot, can’t get 10 posts in before the crash occurs again. And the app is updated all the time with only the below message for what they updated... but wait, it doesn’t actually say anything useful just be ready for another update that changes nothing and keeps spewing ads at you. How about actually telling us what the update fixes or if a feature is added or removed.   While fixing the the crashes, how about being able to sort posts by time so that I can find where I was when my app crashes again?  “Thanks for using Facebook! To make our app better for you, we bring updates to the App Store regularly.  Every update of our Facebook app includes improvements to speed and reliability. As new features become available, we’ll highlight those for you in the app.” 
Since the update 2 days ago, my app crashes, closing out completely every time I play a video. Hopefully this is resolved quickly!
Since I updated to the latest version of the app, practically every time I watch a video the app crashes, and not only do I lose my thread on the news feed but I also usually can’t find the video anymore
Crashes 20 seconds into watching videos every time.
I can’t watch a video without the app crashing!
Video streaming crashes all the time. In both my iPhone  X and my iPhone 6. Not good news for paying advertising...
Ever since yesterday’s update, I am unable to watch videos on FB in its entirety. It keeps on kicking me out, 20-30 seconds into the videos. It is regardless of what video I am watching. This only happens to me on your FB app. I can still watch videos in its entirety on my other apps. Please fix this issue. It is so annoying and irritating.
The app is doing just fine, but whenever I watch a video for at least 10-15 seconds, the app itself crashes. And when I go back, I’m scrolled back up as if it was refreshed. I got so irritated ever since I updated it, so I have to end up watching vids without clicking on it, and not have to hear the sounds. Please fix. ASAP.
Keeps blacking out while I’m trying to watch videos. Will change this to a 5 once it is fixed. Seems like others on here also have this problem.
Playing videos full screen crashes the app since the update.
I can be on Facebook and nothing happens. The video can be playing as I scroll and leave it playing and nothing happens. It’s only when I touch the video and it goes to full screen that it force closes the app in 20 seconds or so. Please fix it, thank you!
It crashes
35 seconds into any video I play the app will go black and then it returns me to my home screen.
The app has been crashing since the last update. I can’t be in it for more than 30 sec before it crashes again. I deleted the app and reinstalled it and it’s still crashing. Fix the bug please.
Facebook has been crashing like CRAZYYY. I can only get on there for like 2 mins 🙄🙄
Since the latest update, every time I watch a video, the app crashes. I tried turning my whole phone off, but it still does it.
Facebook keeps shutting down within one minute of me being on it.🤬 It shuts down when I’m reading something, watching a video, or even just opening it up. Fix it now!!!
I never write reviews buuuuuuut. I always wait until the last minute to update because of these reasons. My app is blacking out and returning me to the home screen mid article or video. The ads are terrible enough, but this is awful Facebook. Get it together.
App force closes after every video I watch...Facebook needs to get it together they’re really going downhill.
Every time, I try to view a video it crashes! Please send an update to fix it! 
Constantly crashing during videos after latest update. I can never finish a video because it crashes every 20 to 30 seconds into it.
I can’t even watch my shows on the mobile app without it crashing. Meanwhile my app was “updated” on bug fixes two days ago.
The current version is crashing every time i watch videos.
Cut it out. Videos dont play anymore!!!
Cannot watch any videos on Facebook. It will play for 1 min and then crashes the app.
With the most recent update, the Facebook app keeps crashing when watching videos. Hopefully they resolve this sometimes soon
This app used to be great. Now I’m flooded with ads everywhere, half the time I can’t read articles because of the ads, the other half of the time the app crashes.
After the most recent update (I updated 12/9), the app keeps crashing.
Estoy en Facebook viendo algún video y de repente a antes de que acabe me saca de la aplicación eso tiene pasando unos tres días, con cualquier video que quiera reproducir
This app continuously is sending me back to my home screen in the middle of videos and it isn’t really super satisfying to not be able to use Facebook for what Facebook was intended for
Newest version, I can’t watch videos, the app crashes half way through
Not sure what you guys did but the new update makes the app crash on my iPhone X every 10 minutes. Also, the alignment for the time, battery, etc. in the notch area is off.
It’s gotten really tiresome when it’s so inconsistent about refreshing your feed. One time I can be out of the app for 20-30 minutes and go back without a change. Next time I can be out app for 5 minutes and it refreshes. How about you leave it alone and let us decide when it should refresh.
The App crashes and shuts off in the middle of watching videos since the last recent update...please fix. Thanks
Sloooooooow, sometime does even open
Ever since the last update videos I try to watch make the whole app crash.
App is closing automatically while playing videos
videos are corrupted and application is forced to close every time
whenever I’m wa