This app used to be great at one time I cannot give it 5 stars you look up  an artist and it does not give you the artist anymore if I could write this  with no stars I would have wish FrostWire would go back to its original  version it was a lot better than what it's been doing these days
HELP! HELP! HELP! HELP! HELP Im confused!! Every time I download a song I  can't find it, so I have no idea where they are downloading too!
I hate this, dis is so slow!! Don't download it So disappointing😑
Unable to find torrents after the recent update. Facing the same problem  since 1 week.
Nothing loaded at all. I retried several times. Waited for a download for  20 minutes and it was still at 0%. Nothing was moving.
Way too many ads but I always find the songs I'm looking for
I keep getting piracy emails after downloading songs off of this site.
Has lots of older songs not so much new ones
FROST WIRE CAN SUCK A BIG DICK!
Absolutely love it not found anyone better
Some of the downloads have viruses it needs to have some time of virus  cleaner or something to protect are computers, phones what have you
Amazing add some more songs and that would be it
App can erase music whenever it wants.
This app is great it allows me to download music to google play music for  Android with a great quality
Tell us what you think
It's great but pop up too much
Now I can watch my favorite movies
Great app but get rid of the adds..but i love it
This is the best app to download ur music on
Add more.songs but its a good app
Terrfifc app great selection!
Saved me
Best music downloader out , period....
Love the FROSTWIRE P L U S . . .What the heck?!?
Really good app
Helps ear hole
I Love It
👍
I love it
Love this app
Trash
Amazing
Awesome
This app is completely useless. Doesn't even download anything at all  anymore. Not music, movies, or even TV shows. Not to mention it doesn't  even download stuff in the background. I literally need to have my phone  screen time on the whole entire time while I download something, especially  when it comes to something that's a big size. It's quite annoying and a  complete waste of my time
This app us amazing. Still the only working offline music player i have.  Yet to find another that actually works. Everyone saying its a problem ,  its most likely your device, not the app.
Frostwire blows mega ass chunks in reverse flow and recycles them to give  to you later in broken music files that don't work . 1 star is 1 too many.  Tried to download 25 songs only got 3 . I don't know a word for describing  the music selection because awful is a huge understatment!
I don't know why people are giving this 5 stars. Half the stuff is cover  songs. Which makes this not a good music downloader app
Once you go through downloading a dozen versions of whatever movie you're  looking, and you find one that's in the right language and will actually  play then it's pretty cool, a lot of hassle to get to that point though
Ok, that's it, I have had it! People have been leaving you review after  review telling you that your app isn't working properly and you just  totally ignore them! Oh, I did see one reply from you and you berated the  user. Well I've had enough. You obviously don't care about your users to  even leave a small reply telling them how they should go about rectifying  the situation. I am deleting this app which at one time a very good and  useful app. Goodbye FrostWire. Poseted 5/15: I see there is yet another  update. It. doesn't say anything about fixing the running in the background  problem that I have reported. Will this issue be addressed or should I just  go ahead and uninstall your app? A short reply to let me know if you'll be  addressing my issue would be appreciated. Thank you. Posted 5/5: I used to  really like this app but now not so much (and that's being generous). I  used to be able to find most of what I was looking for but now I either get  a limited amount of results or none at all. And if I do find what I'm  looking for, it doesn't download. Another issue I have which started a few  updates ago is that the app is running in the background. This is a big  issue for me (and others I'm sure). It would be greatly appreciated if you  could look into these issues and fix them. I would hate to have to  uninstall after using this app for the last few years. Thank you in advance  for your attention in these matters. Thank you.
Crappy I had to delete every song sead it had an area playing
This app sux! The first song I downloaded wouldn't play and there is no way  to delete it without deletinf the whole app. May as well, its junk anyway.
I love frostwire and the selection that it had mp4 for the best part and  sometime mp3 and as long as you don't get the home made movies.
I love this app I just downloaded a song I wanted and it downloaded to my  phone I mean hate the ads but other than that I love this app this app is  better than the apps I tried downloading the songs on!!!
I've been looking for an app like this for a long time. Really happy with  the song selections and ease of use.
Super easy to use. I love how it works. You can play the songs you have  downloaded even offline.
It would be more useful if it had all the albums I want to download but  otherwise it is good
I love it I can do multiple thing and still listen to my music
Too many covers and there's a lot of music I can't find.
Pretty much has eveey song you can think of and downloading is fast!
The Best Music App on the Market hands Down 100% The Best Love It.
Great way to download movies easy to use and many options and choices to  make
Great for music. Keeps it simple. Has what I need 90% of time!
This is a useless app
It does what it says.
Cant preview a song before downloading so it's a guessing game
It's okay for now
A good app to get free songs on your phone.
Its amazing you can listen to music with no WIFI
Update for more music
Killer for torrents on the go
To much ads
Amazing, this app is the best for downloading such a mp3 music
First music downloader on any new device.. I love it...
Love It!!
Great job!
I love you guys frost wire
Great for music on my phone for work!!
Great,Best p2p app out
Great for every one including mom
I love it its very useful
Its so fast to download it's good
Really good for music for fan edits 😄😄😄
I like it very useful
Awesome for everything I do
Work on it.. sucks.
BTS
💘 it
I love it
Love it
Amazing
Awsome
Awesome
nice
Good apps to look for favorite songs with the real singer... easily to  download but to be careful for the unknown artist coz it might not be the  original singer... that's the pros but cons is choose the right one coz  there a lot of unknown artist who is doing copycat...
Not doing any of its primary functions. Songs you've downloaded disappear  from your music player, search results are usually low and limited. you'll  find more flac and mp4 files (which won't play on my phone) then mp3 files.  I'm pretty sure this will slow down your phone. Also , most irritatingly,  THINGS JUST AREN'T DOWNLOADING! This app is pointless now
Would of been a higher rating, but i recently ran into a problem where it  doesnt download anything. It pulls the name of what i wanted in the  downloads section, but it's just not downloading at all.
For the first few weeks, everything was perfect. I was able to download my  songs with little space used. But after the update, it crashes as soon as I  open it. What do?
Recently the app has been randomly opening on it's own and I don't know how  to stop it. It's doing it all the time now. Wish someone would fix this  issue. It even does it when I'm on data and not wifi.
To me, it does everything it says it does and then some it looks beyond  allows you to look Beyond just the song it does other suggestion for you to  be able to Surf thru or other songs you didn't know that artist had. watch  out how much data is being downloaded overall. Far OUT Man!
Love it! A surprisingly thorough music app, & I am a music snob of sorts.  Minimal ads, & extensive knowledge of the obscure music unavailable  elsewhere. Worth the download.
Everytime I try to download anything it either will not download or when  it's almost finished says error moving incomplete have plenty of space on  my phone and strong internet tried many different sources to download but  most of the time it will not start this app sucks sucks sucks
The only thing I would want added is an advanced search so you can look up  by genre. Other than that great app.
Great for downloads. There are just pop ups that are annoying.
Ok, so multiply the five stars by ten, you get 50 stars! I Have this app on  all three of my phones! Its so great to use when editing YouTube videos,  for example; Speedpaints(which i do alot of) it's so easy! And you can  listen offline, as long as you have a song downloaded online
This is the best music app ever! I have been looking everywhere to find an  app where I can download and play music offline! Definently recommend!  Edit: I recently got a new phone and had to download some songs again but  the songs I was looking for were gone! Please add Sabrina Carpenters album  EVOLution and I will rate 5 stars.
It's amazing. But, sometimes it freezes. Please fix that. If not it's  really a good app
The best music app I've ever used. Every song I looked up was there
This is the best music app it allows you to play the soundtrack to your  life even without WiFi. That's why I try to donate money whenever I can  thank you FrostWire you rock!
After I leave the app when I'm downloading something it'll delete what I'm  downloading. Also after the download is finished and I disconnect from wifi  it will delete the videos. When the download is at 100 percent and I turn  off wifi the video says it's incomplete but it's not.
So far the best place to get tunes.. Not perfect, but really close!
It is nice for the fact that it will give you a virus and make your whole  phone go slow but if you want to download it then it's not my phone that is  going to get hacked
Finally an app were I can listen to music while in on the train. Some songs  might be hard to find but it has a lot of songs that I would listen to like  xxxtentacion or j. Cole
All the app does is open up then kicks me right back to my home page
if it keeps stopping my music for it's repetitive ads I won't be using the  app anymore
95% of the files you attempt to download never begin downloading.
Welp the app alright but it sometimes trip .. u need to tie the app strings  and it doesnt really search my songs..
Been usin this application for years on my computer, and on my mobile  devices. Best music, video, image downloader there is right now.
Downloaded songs disappear after a couple days
Over all pretty good if you can't find the song you're looking for at first  just keep swipping down and hopefully you'll find it
If it wasnt for this app I would be paying 25 dollars a month for music
It made getting the album I wanted easier for me. I give it a 10 out of 10.
Keeps Deleteing Songs Just Trash!!
Best around..been using for years now
I love FrostWire. I can't find everything I'm looking for, but I can find  the majority of. I love music and this app has given me great pleasure.
You should really fix the issue with the opening on its own It's using the  battery and data. Please fix!
Best free music app left. There are a few adds, but the music is free and  downloads quality. Can't really ask for more.
This app deletes and rearranges my music! I like my playlist in a certain  order.
It's super cool and awsome although you can't get new songs it's fine
Didn't not find any thing I searched and they were popular sounds!
Dope app because you download your favorite songs
I love it I can use my phone and still listen to music unlike Google play  and you tube
Found everything I was looking for
I would wish it would update so I can find all my songs
You can get music
When I say any song it let you download any song and movie
The best downloads and the least cover songs.most reliable
It was useul when u dont have any data or internet
This app is good but it has a few things it could fix
Wow wow wow wow wow you will not be disappointed. Every song I searched is  up here. Love it 😍
Love this app. So much that l couldn't help my self cry without it
Hi very like this app ever
It amazing music app is mind blowing awesome and you can download 100 song
The only music downloader I need and use
It's the Best may you add the rate of speed when downloading thanks remove  an virus
Love fristwire so far best music download app I have used
Hope can download videos too
It's smooth, easy to use and it has all the songs I love!
It's a good app, but it would be nice to have more varieties.
I found just about everything I need
Most of what I want is there
Last true download app.
It acts slow
Not so good
Worse app ever
Great app but can't find all the songs I want
It's easy and gives me what I won't most of the time
Great for music downloads!
It SUCKS
Thank you guys for letting me get this music app.
Can't find alot of music i like but its ok
For what it is ....heck ya download
I really enjoy FrostWire . great for downloading music and movies.
Found everything I wanted,,even my cash man.
I really like this app!! Apart from the occasional add, it's amazing!!
Easy to use. Has every song that im looking for
Great app!! I find almost everything I am looking for!
Decent. I have found some songs I like
Good at finding music just needs more MP3
It's alright
I think FrostWire is the best music app
Best music app.so far thank you.
It works for me, I'd recommend it
FROSTWIRE IS GREAT
Good music but really glittie
Awesome thanks you guys rock
Love it best music App ever
More songs
It works
Pimp shiot
The best app for downloads!
Goo d
It's great. Love the oldies
Thank you for this excellent app👍🏻
Love this app. Helps everyday
5⭐'s best app ever
Great app. Must download it
Vary easy. To use
One of the best music downloads
My favorite and download music
Always awesome
Love it best app.since bearshare
Easy to use love it.
Coop
Get it
Hands down the best
It is so awsome
Great music app
Great for downloading music
Love this app
Great app
Hello
Dope
Like it
It's great
Amazing!
Awesome!!
Good for music
I love it
Iz kewl
Good apps
Awesome app
Love it!!!!
Shite
Convenient.
Love it❤❤
Awesome
Love it
Great
love it
Excellent
Awesome
I used to support FrostWire, with it's optional ads and its lack of in-app  purchases. I left them on because it felt like I was actually making a  contribution to the project. It made me feel good. But now that they've not  only taken away my ability to turn off ads without paying, but also  increased the frequency of the ads, I can't support this app. It's the kind  of app that I only keep because I can't find an alternative. But I assure  you, if this doesn't change, the moment I do find an alternative, I will be  abandoning this project.
I downloaded this app a few months ago and purchased a year ad free. I've  since had to reset my phone for other reasons and since I've reloaded the  app on my phone it seems to go back and forth between the free version and  the ad free version. I've started downloads on the ad free version and am  unable to access them to pause them when I go off wifi... Can this possibly  be addressed??? Please!!!! I otherwise love the ap
I really like this app I find it handy when trying to find all those songs  I've been trying to download to make it better could you let us hear part  of the song before we download it still great app better then all the  others I've tried
BEST EVER! it dose take data but not a lot and as long as you download  songs with WiFi your are good You deserve a 5 star rating
I'm really, totally disappointed it won't load on my Samsung Note but hey  whatever we're going to try it on the families AKA my girls LG and if it  works on that then that's what I use if not then we know for sure this app  sucks
If you want this to download music on your phone it doesn't and it doesn't  show you the music you want all the time and it's just a big waste of your  time so I would find a better place to download music on your phone
I can't find what I need to find.. I'm trying to find Undertale OST:  Determination extended but it says nothing..
Awesome app all the music I want it has I have used this app ever since it  came out and I can't complain
I really like this app it's give me the music I'm looking for but the only  thing I didn't like about this app is some of the music I want, it connect  with YouTube n it's not the music it's a video can someone fix this problem  thanks
I love frostwire but way too many covers of song when I specifically type  in a artist name and specific song
I can't find any song that I'm looking for. If I do find one to download,  it plays a completely different song. This happens every time. I can't  preview the songs anymore either
This frostwire app doesn't work. None of the songs play.
Amazing downloader!! Very easy to use... highly recommend to anyone that is  looking for a good app for music and movies! Keep up the good work  FrostWire!:) <3
Frostwire is the best. You can get ANY song that you can think of.
It doesn't let me download any songs and its not even the right ones. Not  even the mp3 one.
I like the app because it's hard to find a good music downloader but it  could have a better selection
Great app doesn't have all of my favorite songs but still great
It is the best one l have ever used all the songs that I search up I have  found it is perfect
I love this app because it allows me to download my favorite music from  Youtube site which is great for me.
This is a perfect place to download any music you want! I'm really happy  that this app is created! 😀😀😀
Has all the music and movies u want and need ola and new
Put the Nightcore songs back on there and the previews back on there y'all  was doing good until the update again...😒😡
I think honestly it's a new era of the old school downloader lime wire cool
Has all the songs u want really like this app you can even download Youtube  songs
What a pile of junk.
Its a very good App if you're looking for older and newer songs..Love it
It's good but I can't download any movies It just says error
I can never find any songs I'm looking for
I get all the music I want. Finally!
A best music downloader.!
This app is a dream come true
Awesome app from the play store it's were I download all my music
It's hard to find quality songs
Doooooope azz site
Easy to find a song..loved it...
best app to download music...been using it for 8 or 10 years
I liked it because you can listen to music and wa
Great selections of songs just have to really search
Used this app for years never had any issues
A really good music downloader with offline listening
Absolutely love it!! The best music app for long road trips!!!
it has the latest music and easy download!!! i totally reccommend it
This is very useful app best music downloading app
One of the best places to listen and download music
It's coo
It's all right for being free
Quick, fast and easy to use!
I still have bit iusse
Its awesome try it out!
Its ok
Easy download of songs love it
Easy to use and quick loved it
Ml ,,o
Love it do it!
I love this app
Favorite entertainment app
Good source of music
Its dope Futuristic
I love it
Okay
No
Music
Frostwire is the greatest!!!
This app is very helpful and 😎😎😎😎😎
Awesome app😁
It's good
Great!!
LOVE IT
I love it
Cool
Awesome
AWESOME
Perfect
Love it
Lit
Nice
Cool
I believe a lot of spyware and inconsistent results
this good app download for free songs but you need to connecting to wifi  internet also mobile data during its quick downloading.
Awesome app
Great
This app would be amazing if I could find songs from the artists.  Everything seems to be remixes or cover songs. I rarely find the actual  song anymore. Never had this problem when I first started using and wish  you could expand the description so you could see what you were  downloading. It's hard to tell if your getting a cover song or real song  cause it gets cut off.
Frostwire will not shut down after closing it.... it goes away and comes  back, draining your battery.
Gives me the worst downloads. I don't always find what I'm looking for.  I've had better apps too bad I can't seems to find them anywhere in the  play store.
I think you guys need to expand your mp3 database for the Metal band  Disturbed because my phone won't support mp4's or Flacc files
I love how I can download almost anything I want. This is a epic app. I  mostly use it for heavy metal death metal and all metal.
Doesn't have every song your looking for but still a good app
I love this app but you have all the song's # To many adds that is so  annoying
Every since the last update, no songs will download anymore. This used to  be a good app
Used to work great and find all kinds of songs, but after last update  nothing downloads at all.
It works. But some artist aren't here
I only like it because it has nba youngboy and im a big fan
I can find anything
This app make me cum!!!!!!
Not enough music
Thank you for the app
So far good finding all my music i search💯💯💯🙊🙉🙈
That it is good for some music but not all
This app is so good
Love this app ❤️❤️
Alrigth
It
Its kool
J great
Good app
Brilliant
Its good but sometimes it freeze when you download something
Isn't It a good game I love it😀
Love music
Amazing
Finds most of what I want though sometimes u need to try other variations  of search like best of, or greatest hits to get results. Liked older  versions better cause my searches disappear if I'm online doin other things  which is a pain n my A$$! Please fix and I'll raise my rating👍Still my  favorite torrent app...
ONLY BAD THING IS SEVERAL SONGS & DOWNLOADS DOESN'T HAVE THE WHOLE SONG or either downloads an empty song/file. HAVE to spell song/artist EXACTLY or won't find what ur looking for. Otherwise I would give 5⭐
My mom has this installed on her device and it works perfectly so I decided  to download it too. But it doesn't work on my device.uhmm Can someone tell  me what's wrong?
Went from 5 stars to 1 star.... SMH Not sure what happened but when I first  used this App it was FREAKING AWESOME! I have uninstalled and reinstalled  it several times but now, no matter what I click on and no matter how far  the download goes they ALL END THE SAME WAY! ERROR!!! Sooooo very  disappointing considering how many people I recommended this App to. Hate  to say it but I believe it's time too uninstall for good and use Torrdroid  if I can't figure out what is wrong with the app or what is happening from  my side. :( Almost feels like losing a pet. LOL We had a good run.
Just a good downloader for music. I download a bunch, then save music to SD  card and reset my phone to prevent viruses. 😉
Its pretty good. Look the song by the person who sings it. I been looking  for a app like this for long time now. You should download it its litt
It's the only mp3 Downloader that actually works anymore. It's definitely not the best one I have ever used but it works and for the most part it finds most of my inquires.
Used to be a great app, now I can't ever find the songs I want even though  they are very popular
Help work because frostbite plus downloaded several time, S before...
I like it because I can get almost any song, but one thing I don't like is  that it always downloads entire albums that don't work whether I want them  or not. please help. thanks!
It is amazing i can get what ever music i want on this app thank you frost  wire but can you also put the new songs that come out so we can download it  asap? Please!👍❤
I love this app the only thing I don't like is it's throwing in totally different tracks I have not downloaded, when I delete them they will be gone until I close the app open back up and they are there again
Love this app just wish you could preview before you download the song but  hey can't complain can't always get what you want songs download fast and  play good on my s8+
Terrible it keeps saying results not found when I'm spelling it right
It keeps saying I'm not connected and it won't download with the picture of  the album and it keeps giving me half downloaded songs
Sucked! Apparently nobody likes what I like or the app doesn't find it.  Deleted within 5 minutes
I been usessing this program for ten years now and it never fails if your songs don't come up reword it it is their, anyhow I fully recommend FrostWire it's a great program.
I've had this app a long time but now no matter what I download it won't  play it
Sucks so confusing doesnt have the music i search for
This app used to kick a**, I've had on every phone I've bought since I found out about it, but since I downloaded it on this phone it will not download anything,  I can click to download and it goes through the motions and says it's downloading but does absolutely nothing...
I have been using this app for 3 years and I have never had issues with it  but now I can not download any music I would have given it 5 stars before  but now it only deserves 2.5
I hate it when you have to re download it and lose all music
Most of my searched music is found. Nice mixture of old and new school.  Would like older artists more. Fast downloads. Would like to preview before  I download. Ogg seems to download faster.
I have used this app for almost a year and it is amazing. It has most of  the music I like. Very easy to use. In my opinion, there are to much ads.
Great app and all, but a month or so after I bought the year without ads  option they stared popping up like crazy
Long time user, and this app has taken it it the next level. Keep it up
Love this app but would love if you added more Why don't We songs such as These Girls and Taken You
Was working great now alotta the songs don't work
I think it is a great app but you can't really find the right song you have  to dig through all the songs that aren't the one
App is bad only part of the song's
Found mostly everything i was looking for R&B Rap an hip hop i live this app
Fantastic. Let's me watch videos and listen to music. Has plenty to choose  from. Love it so much I highly recommend this to all.
Would be very nice if everytime I rearranged a playlist it wouldn't move  the order to every song I just downloaded
Awesome app when it works i selected to seed all finished transfers and  they are not seeding so it limits my downloads
Plz fix this app it took all of my frostwire songs and now I'm posses off
It's a awesome mp3 player and you can find all the music your looking for  if you search right it's great
The songs i wanna get are remixes only and they arent the real song or not  close to the song
So Legit First music downloader to earn my respect downloads and plays  easily SOOO LEGIT!!$
Can find any song i look for even some non chart toppers.
This app sucks too many ads and it never searches what you want
Has everything I need. Awesome qaulity. Have used this app over and over  again! Awesome job guys!
Some movies i want to see its not English and cant download
I downloaded this and out of the 5 songs I searched, none were found
Tedious should be removed.
I really enjoy this app. Just wish it was a little more in depth as far as  filtering searches.
Can find almost anything I want on here
Some songs from this app can't be deleted like srsly
I'm not illegally downloading, that's for sure google. What?
Love it, never find a better music downloader. Xoxo
This app gets me what I need in music .
New update where there's nothing but YouTube videos instead of what your  searching for is garbage
It's amazing like it has all the songs u want plus the clean versions
It's sucks like the rest of them
Only mp3 downloader that actually works now
I used to love this app but there was an update and now it won't open.
Sucks BIG TIME DOWNLOADS ON OR TWO SONGS WHY IS THAT?!!
I love it it works really well and i can dowload so much music that i like
Thanks! The music is MINE NOW!! BWAHAHAHAHAAA
It sucks i couldnt find anything
No playback mode before downloading
Works great for downloading music to your phone,you can listen offline
It's hard to find the right song
Great app love it easy to use. GREATEST APP I JAVE DISCOVERED
I get to find a few of my songs so its not bad.
I like downloading shows that I have missed and it is easy to do
I love that i can access great shows and movies that I miss when I am  working.
Thus app is great!! Love getting my favorite music from here😁
Need Runaway June added to this
Best app ever I can download any song i want.
Love frostwire. Have used it for a very long time
Love it only need WiFi to download songs then you don't need it
Make downloads abit faster
I LOVE IT LOUD
Needs more up to date songs! Other than that, i love it!
It's app gave me exactly what I was looking for highly recommended
Everything you want and more...
Uninstalled it.Full of ads.
Could use inprovement
This app is the best they got on Google play store
Amazing I get the purpose album free through this app
Very beautiful app, can literally download anything.
I 💘 THIS APP
Nice app I can search music and videos easily :)
Honestly pretty dope👌👌 just with search had more space
It's hard.to download
It's the best , been the best app for downloading music!
Love it Doesn't do this justice. I Won't try. Any one else!!!!!😘😘
I think this is a great app for people who love music
One of the easiest apps to use. Good selection also.
Guys please dont use this app its completely useless...!!!
Bruh, not gonna lie, i wasnt expecting this great of an app :)
Love this app fast download and can also download albums
best app for downloading. Very fast and easy!!
It's one of the best I've come across
It's tight
Pretty good can find most songs.
I can always find what im looking for
You could make it more user friendly
This application needs 15 stars!LOVE IT!!!
It sucks
Is great. Few ads. Easy to use
The best spot for all the movies
Awesome But needs more songs
Definitely the best app for everything media
One of the best music downloading apps
Awesome thank you for your app
Better than google play!
Is one the best apps on the market
Sort of a app
Booty licking
Use it most
Great app great music app ever
I hate this
I love this app so so so much
The best so download
Amazing love it so much
Love that free is really free still !!!!
Absolutely love it. Perfect
I😘it
Love the app!
I LOVE IT!!!!!
Best out there
best one outhere
Fin
Dope
Like it
Love this app!!!!
Nice app.
You rock👌
Pretty good :)
Great!!!
Great for torrenting
It is awesome
Good appp
Good app
Great app
One love
Garbage
Love it
Great
Love it
Amazing
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Best
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Love it
Love it
Love it
Love it
Good
Amazing
Awesome
Great
I love this app and I've been using it for a while but, I wish that they could add a couple more songs from MARSHMELLO and Ookay. Mainly : By MARSHMELLO:  Take it back Fly By Ookay: Help me out  COOL  I really like those songs and would love if you guys could add them to the app to download because I've been searching for another app to download from and I haven't been able to fund one like your guys
Find many tracks more than others
It's okay
Great app!
Isok
Its great
Love this app
Awesome app
Do NOT take this off! Every time I find the perfect music player, they take it down or the update totally messes it up. And I finally gave up for a while until I realized that I didn't have one of my all-time favorite songs! I'm so happy and satisfied with this. Thank you for giving me all of my old and new favorites! 👍💕
Nice beta. Can't wait to see the final release!  Seriously though. So many ads that show up multiple times and move the X to close them so you inadvertently click on them, and they don't even load half the time so it just stalls.   Bugs galore. Sometimes your transfers are there, sometimes they aren't. Switching to Flud to end this madness.
Its the only app i use to download songs for my galaxy s8. Totally love it! Just a matter of choosing the right files. I always choose the mp3 files and they're great❤
Yay free music. BUT I'm upset because it downloaded a bunch of files I never clicked on.
Helped me out alot, I've been looking for an app I can download music and finally have found it
It SUCKS. !!! Too many ads & bad files !!! Cant find older songs or very recent songs !!!
Awesome; able to find all of favorite artists. What's not love about this app!
Not sure why I can't download songs anymore.  What do i have to do to get this app working again?
Best app to download music i have ever used to me even better than spotify  and soundcloud even though you cant download music on those this is just  the best music app ever
I love it but the only thing is that it takes a long time downloading when  it takes a long time download the the whole song is like downloaded
Very cool app  im able to download an album tht has been dropped in the same day thts cool👍👍👌👌
I like this app... But it don't have the song I'm looking
Has issues sometimes but overall the best damn app of all time!
It's a great app .with all my music to download .Thank you guys very much🌹
It also takes along time to download, search, etc. Please fix
I think it's awesome because it actually does what it says, free music no wifi
This app has found every song that I have searched. I LOVE THUS APP
I can find every song I have put in I love this app most songs download fast
Awesome some bad downloads not alot tho.
I love this app. Ive been using it for 5 years now. Nothing better!
Great apps. It does not show cover songs when i search a song or singer.
Not all music but most and of course, ads... All in all pretty good!
I didn't have any problems finding and downloading the songs I wanted 👍👍
Won't download songs
I love it I recommend this to everyone
Easy to used and had all the music I like
It sucks
Awesome service and its free
Simple easy and nice
Best apps Evber
Need better songs
Ya
Easy to use.
Fast and resourceful
Love it
Awesome
Best music and torrent downloader EVER! There is just a problem, though.  When I download another song, it doesn't show up when I open FrostWire,  until I uninstall this app and install it back. I'm not sure if it's  because it's on my documents or drive or something, but I hope it will be  fixed eventually.
Love this for the PC. Not sure if this is ready for prime-time on Android. Despite constantly force stopping this app, this app keeps running and killing my battery. I've even changed the setting where this should run on WiFi only and turning off WiFi on my phone yet FrostWire keeps running... and draining my battery. Have no choice but to uninstall.
Worked perfect till this last update!! Cannot even open it now. Immediately crashes.  Will return to a 5 stars once you fix whatever the heck you changed. Samsung Galaxy J7
Anyone know or a similar app.. frostwire has gone to S**T
I can only find a small portion of the songs I want and now I can't even open the app anymore even after downloading. Just keeps saying I need to restart the app.
Used to be awesome, now it constantly says the network is unavailable even though I'm on WiFi. How do I fix this? I can't find anything in the help section about this.
Great torrent client for a mobile device. Haven't had any malware or anything, though I still scan each download, but so far so good
It'll start to download, then it just stops and won't even finish it all the way through.
This is a great app better then any other apps. I can find most music that I like its also fast at finding and downloading songs.
It only let's you download 4 songs then just won't let you download anything else very stupid
Pretty good app! It doesn't always find what you're looking for and instead finds stuff not related to your search.
Recently downloaded this app I love it, I've downloaded albums which other wise I could not find, and that to in  FLAC  what more could one want, I still need to xplore the app more.Thanks guys.
Cant believe this is still around! Loved this when I was younger, downloaded all my favorite songs. Great sharing and downloading app!
Love this music app. Easy if you know how to navigate it simply. Frostwire is so great and improved from when I had it on my computer years ago. I dont mind downloading song by song either no hassle love it.
It allows me to get top hit songs most of the time. But not with new artists, but other than that a great app.
I love the app, and I haven't had any major problems; a few albums or songs I couldn't get but other than that, the best I've tried so far.
This works. No mumbo jumbo. Search for a song then download. The best I've found in a long time.
It the most ass downloader an ads pop up so damn much like im literally angry at this app and the way it was made
Removing due to fact you can't listen to the track before downloading.. rubbish, upgrade your site and I'll come back..till then it's your loss, I won't be recommending this site....yet!
Its easy quick and has every song i look for best app i have ever tried for downloading music
I can find every song. Works great. Some songs have lower volumes. But all good
This is good easy to use but... Doednt have evrything and can be slow
This dumb, I can't find any music!
This app is awesome! You can search any movie or song on here and download  it, just like utorrent but you can search up what you want here instead of  finding the torrent online.
Its pretty cool, its definitely easy to use but doesnt have everything i look for, other than that i say its probably one of the best ❤
Its alright cant find alot pf things but still very good app no billsh#t or ads but a few cover bamds...
Has not the latest music but some of it i can remember from when i was little lol im so old👌but good app good music you did a good job keep making good music
This is a silly app why cant there just be a simple way to download music
THIS IS THE WORSE.THE DOWNLOADING IS SOOOOOOO SLOW.ITS DOES EVEN HAVE SONGS
Frostwire use to be a great download site on the computer but now...it doesn't have any good song choices....can't find hardly any new songs...
BY FAR the BEST and most CONVENIENT  app u can get.
I downloaded like two songs stopped working and it deleted one of the songs i downloaded
Old songs only. You can download but only old stuff.
Love it but needs more song like Luke James so sick from star cause I was  looking for it and I really want to listen to it
Only a tiny piece of music not the while song. Disgusted.
Anything I think of is on there, if it's not..it's understandable🤷🏾
Wish it would let u hear the song before u download it...🖒
I don't like upgraded too many times
Paid for no ads and it still shows ads i feel scammed
To difficult to understand and hard to find songs.
Best free music downloader, I searched the entire android market and nothing comes close from UK music to American it's got it all.
Autocorrect just in case someone doesn't know what they're spelling and you need the exact song they type and correct person or singer
Hate it Tbh and I never give any one 1 stars but maybe you'll have better luck on it
Love this got almost everything i want here for download
Very good App, I did get lost once, however I read the help and was OK HP
I like it but I wish it would give me the option of reviewing the songs first...it used to but now it doesn't.  🤔
It's not working any more. It won't download any songs and it's getting annoying.
I think it's going to do very well but you could add more songs  from more musisians
Doesn't have all the music I want to hear but it's still a good app
Good app, you can download music, videos, and images. But there is no pre view for the thing you want to download.😑
Love it has the songs i want and most important you can play offline and  doesnt drain your battery
It's a good app. Could use some improvement, but it works better than most my
First song i searched for wasnt found..really.. Kiss black diamond.. DELETED
By far the best Music app out there Keep up the good work don't go nowhere
I love everything I've searched for so far has been there
Best part is that u can listen to music offline
BEST 2018 MUS9C APP IN DA WORLD!!! I was looking for a good music app, and  I found frostwire!
This is a awesome app if you love music and movies and easy to use it's a  must have
It has a virus don't. Get it
Great app. Has all the music I want.
Never crashes,  never freezes, great app!
I like this joint all the music i want
You can't find anything you search in on this app.
If its out there, frostwire will get it!
Its alsome it gets all my songs
I recommend using FrostWire I recommend other people using FrostWire
Can't download some new songs
One of my all time favorite apps,,,I'm from the time of limewire and this reminds me of this,,great app,,great selection of songs to download,,I recommend this app
I think it should have more a variety of music, other than that, a great app
Plays only 1 song
I like it for music so far
It's amazing for downloading music.
It says use fewer words
I like this app so much I will have to tell all my friends about this
Well it looks like an ok app
Great like the old days
It is GREAT!!! Totally should get!
Omg i love this app helps me get free music fast and easy
it automatically delets download or while downloading and upload speed can not be controlled
The best used it since 2014 i really want the Frost  wire hoodie
Pretty good app, almost has alot of my fave  music, thanx 👍👍👍
Need newer free mucic
No good downloads
Exellent application!
It's really good. Ive been using it for quite a while now.
It's good but it needs more good music not bad ones
It just sucked
I like this app
Just doesn't work... It brings the results but doesn't download.
Great app. I give it 6 out of 5 stars 🌟
Music is always on point 👍💯✔
This is a good music app
Pretty good  for a free Downloader
The best music downloads I can find :D
Best music downloader ever
Missing a lot of Songs
Needs less ads
Needs more music
It is esay to use
Liike no loveeeeeeeeeeeee
Best App Evet
Reader stop what you are looking for, best app ever
I'd likely it to be just songs playable on my phone
Best app ever 😀😁😁😀😀😁
It's awesome
Love this app found all my music awesome !!!💙💜
Grate,simple ,and reliable
It's cool
I've been able to find every song I look for!!!?
Best music app eva!! U rock
It's okay
Nice but keeps on disconnecting my wifi
It's pretty awesome for the most part
The best music downloader period.
Freaking rocking awesome
Some other music cant search
Great app but no admin
Adrian Louis
ATx giod
Está bien
It works
If your computer savvy this is for you....love it!!!
A++
Da bomb!!....
Still the best I've used
I just downloaded it and I love it 😁
Its a good app to use.
You won't regret this !
IT IS A TARABIL aaapppp😭👿👿👿👿👿😢👿👿
New to this good so far
Amazing app on any phone
The best app ever
I love it
Great app
Sup
I really like it 👍
Dope
good apps!!
Amazingly works  Flawlessly
Really amazing app
Sucks dosent work
Great with a lot of songs
One word awesome
It could be better
It good love it
good app
I love it!!!
O.k.
Pepe
SFSG
Gteat
It's amazing
I love it 💘
So loved it..
Terrible
The Best
app is awesome
Simple to use
Love FrostWire
It good
Very useful
Great app
Best app
it is really cool
Great
Lit
Awesome
AWESOME
Love it
Love it!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!*!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lit
Love it
Awesome
Awesome
Grrrrreat
Awesome
Niceeeeee
Exciting
Love it
Good
Awesome
Awesome
FAST...
I love this 🔥💋💋🔥💋💋🔥 💋💋💋💋💋💋💋 💋💋💋💋💋💋💋 🔥💋💋💋💋💋🔥 🔥🔥💋💋💋🔥🔥 🔥🔥🔥💋🔥🔥🔥 Miss you so much!
Worst for torrent downloading it uploads all ur details. And uploading speed is higher than downloading even after limiting that
this app is freaking amazing.. i don't know why people are giving less  stars... i think the app deserves more :/
It's good if you have a certain album in mind but is a pain individually downloading songs and sometimes it takes forever
One of the best I've ever used it loads fast and has every song i have ever looked up
I wish I could download movies.
Remember everyone, the ads are to keep the app free. Have a lovely day!
Hi sub my YouTube
I can't download any song I have tried and tried but i can't download any songs
delet delet delet dele t delt delt delt
It's sucks
It needs work on its speed
Found nothing
Love it so easy to use!!
I really love it...
Love it
Still getting the basics down, but getting music I haven't found anywhere else
It worked on my last phone but now on a better phone it doesn't get anything right.
I like it u can find any song
Has less selections now
Good to download movies
it's...nice..apps
Super cool
I've been trying to get the best music download and finally I have it. You have to get this app guys.its super awesome
To many ads
Love this app
It's ok, but sometimes has music I didn't download but is by the same artist or same album in my music. Annoying and confusing. If you could explain to me why, I'd appreciate it and give this app 5 stars! Thank you anyways!
I love the way it doesn't stop my downloads without an ok from me first. I also love that it lists songs for you with just a name. The only thing I wish I didn't have was the ads that pop up out of nowhere
I loved I got all my favorite song like lil pump xxxtentacion Roy purdy oh one more thing I'm not one of those guys who just give it a good rating for fun it's actually pretty good app
Is it so hard to ask for a nice and simple music download w out seeding, transfers etc etc etc!! WTH is seeding?? I tried one song, just one and I'm going to already uninstall... Nothing played, it didn't download(or it would a went in my play music app!!??! I understood NOTHING about this and who the hell wants to sit around for 3hrs... Trying to get a song to play, download blaah blaah blaah!!
I use to love this app but after the recent update all you can download are samples or songs that don't even work. This app is a complete waste of space
Its pretty fast @ downloading newer mainstream rap or hip hop music, but a little frustrating when u want to download rock or metal. All in all a good app!
I love this app it works great too recently now it keeps pausing I go in the settings and fix it and it still pauses all the time how do I fix this please let me know
Abysmal. You download something and it will take it off as it pleases. Do not download. Waste of time
No matter how general or detailed your search, this app will not find what you are looking for. Don't waste your time.
I downloaded 2 songs then the app couldn't find any songs or if it did it failed to download them. This used to be a very good app but now it SUCKS!
Qstealing is wrong. But maybe hollywood should go back to Thearte if theyvwant ppl to appreciatr them as working adults and performers.
Doesn't download a lotta songs n can't listen before you down load wants the song to download to go to my ringtones so I can use them for contacts
Umm ok the app works but when looking for songs that you want OMG not what you want it's either remixed or not the real song. I don't understand why I can't just look up a artist and find the real right song if they fix that problem this app would be the sh** no lie.
5 stars for you guys. Thank you so much. I have been searching for a free mp3 downloader forever, The song I wanted was "shine" from years & years. AWESOME!! XX
I like the app, when I use it I fell like I I have all my music and jams with me wherever I go its amazing there's only 1or 2 times that it has crashed but no lag thx👌👌
I paid for Add free but I still get adds so basically wasted my money. I can't find any songs I'm looking for no matter how I search ... There should also be a way to listen before you download...
This app use to be great now all it does is download songs, but they dont play or transfer in to my music app how annoying so its basically useless. 😒
I love it but sometimes not doesn't have music like Aaron carter- sooner or later
Makes me mad most of the albums I want to download don't have seeds. update more!!!!!
This is a very good app but today i tried to download the newest by panic at the disco and it didn't have it so I know it is pretty good and it has almost all songs
Its a good app to download but some times it freezes in transfer when I am download and some of the songs when are done downloading either they cut off before the end of song or it 0:00 for time length of song and won't even play
It's okay for a free downloader. Best one I've found this far but I'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars.
I don't understand how this app got a 4.1 rating try to download some songs it doesn't even play them waste of time waste of energy they need to just take this s*** down
Can find pretty much every song just doesn't always download right or at all
The app only has a few popular songs but other than such it is alright
Could never find the music/musicians I actually wanted to listen to. Uninstalled.
Everytime try dowlound musica dosr come up
I like this app very much I can listen to my favorite songs without wifi ! &lt;3
It wouldn't load and had nothing I looked up.
The best music downloader so far. It's real 5*. Fast and easy to use. Less adverts and you find any song you want. Am happy!
It's not that bad tbh. I've tried finding apps like this but, no luck. This is the best so far. Download itttt 😂
Easy to use, found the songs i love and this app does what it say it does unlike other apps ive tried
There are some things I can't find, and sometimes it takes some digging, but other than that it works great for what I need.
I've always searched for a good music downloading app, and I've finally found one! Thank you to the creators of FrostWire! I'm glad I found you. Keep up the good work.
Used to be a good app now like 90% of the song that I'm not trying to download aren't working
It doesn't have all the soungs
Great app. Large library and quick downloads. I LOVE it been using the app since 2010
Awesome so far ..hoping it won't mess my phone up like it did the computers back in the day!!
Similar to the old days when had limewire good job keep it up ! #piratepals
It won't even download the songs I want, I find them and hit download but then nothing happens after that.
It has most songs I want but I doesnt have a variety of genres like Mexican music
I don't like the fact that you have to go through a lot of trouble for Frostwire Plus just to listen to music.
Honestly go frostwire or go hay wire. This is the best app I've ever used. Never use another app over this!
If you want good ratings stop downloading songs to my phone that i didnt even download i have about 50 songs that i didnt download that you put on my phone
Great to be able to download music to my phone .hard to find a good app to do this ..this one works great.thanks ...
The app dosen't believe the wifi connection, but i have internet connection so please fix it
If u can make this app where people can save all the music as well on an account for free that in itself would be awesome
Would've giving a 5 star but i can only download 1 song every week wich i could get more then 1 a week
Great music downloader! I have found all the music I have looked for with ease! Easy to use without any confusion!
Love it...just wish it would close easier...always comes back up...
I luv this app because if u are looking for a song   that have the same name it let u listen to it
Worst music app ever!!!
Real good app I don't mind the adds ppl gotta make some money
I usually can find what song I want and it downloads fast plus there's a music player
I can't listen to the song before I download it
Its ok for some files n music
It nice you can download all song you want i vive it a vive star súper  graet😂
Only downloaded 1 out 6 songs. This app sucks.
Doesn't download and can't find popular artists
Couldn't download most songs wouldn't play
It's cool I love it I can walk around listen to music with out WiFi
It won't let me download any songs
On point. Don't waste your time with anything else.
i love the app bcoz its fast and easy to use.. keep it up.. its highly recommended..
Does not have cool songs  and the right songs
If you download, this the app to use
Fast, east to use. Best app to download music off of. I just love it.
💣THE BOMB ♪♬
Wish it had more of the songs I'm looking for...
Coll just wish yu can see how long it is before u download it
Finds most of what I'm looking for
Get my entertainment from here
Always get what I need.
Nah barely found anything
It's got most of the movies I'm looking for. So that's good with me.
songs i like or any new songs
I love this app very useful and has all the songs I want!!
Got to DL more music oldies...YES!!
I have close to 400 songs which all work perfectly.
Is very good everything goes Good I'm recommended
Finds what i want, when i want a+++
It's garbage
I GIVE YOU GUYS A BIG THUMBS UP👍
I like being able download music and the player is awrsome
This is litteralry the best app ever made I love it
This the most useful app in the world i love it 5 star
Hhas most of the songs I look for and is easy to use
Good but need more up to date music
Best music app I have found yet
Love this app play all my music  .
I just love it found songs with ease
Has BTS 😍
Still the best torrent downloader around.
Definitely the best, used FrostWire for years
It's ok
It satisfied my. Downloading needs
Frostwire is AMAZING...u people should download it!!!😊
More power FrostWire
Love this always gets the job done
It is a duck
I like it
Its works
Alice xxx
It sucks
It sucks
Its the bests
Its a great app great for downloading music
great app ! always updated !
Easy to use, not complicated.
You stupid
It's a great music player
Yep yep yep
Been a favorite since the beginning
Wish it would download faster
Good for offline free music
Works better than most
Best so far!
I mean for Free!!?? Pretty good
Love it, easy to use, and fast
Freaking awesome app!!
Very easy to use and helpful...
Nope👎
Love this app...  Had it for years..
Good music. Love it
It's a great app
Pretty good!
Great app!!
Quick and easy to get to
Just love this app
Love this app...it RoCKS
I love this app
Excellent music source
Good download music
Good app to download
Best downloader ever
Its a good app
This is a good app
It
Like
OK
King
Sound
Work on offline 😒
Dope
This is AMAZING!!!!
AWESOME!!!!😚
Awesome app
It the best
Not that bad
Great app
Good app
Good app
Real good
great app
Most righteous
I love it
nice apps
Nice app
Great app
Works great
Love it.
Cool 😎
Love it
Awsome
Good
BEST
Love it
Love it
Amazing
Amazing
Great
Love it
Great
Love it
Cute
Love it
Great
It's a good app, but it keeps saying it's stopped when the music is playing. When I play a specific playlist, it plays every sone, not just the ones on the playlist
A litle more improvement please..
The Best Still
Best music downloader
😍😍😍👍👍👍👍
They have most things I'm looking for, once the music is done downloading, it's stored my phone memory with the rest of my music. Very convenient, NO ADS! AMAZING! Easy to use, too
😉Download bonus ...luv it ♡♡♡
To many faulty files. States music but when u download it u cant open it
I liked the app since the beginning but then I randomly got upgraded to the pro version and loved it more
I like it becouse it help you serch remix
I love Frost wire.  It's easy to use and has a very large inventory of music!
I like it
Awe some
Very useful app
Very good program
Noice
I love it..  It's the greatest app you will ever find to get music it's easy better then soundcloud And it finds what you want... GREAT😁😁!?
Thx best download app to get, I will give it 5 Stars everyday all day
Where's the songs?!?!?! Tried searching for a few songs I wanted most and didn't have a single one of them, waste of time and bandwidth
Love it
Love it
Love it
as far as an app for getting music its   perfect.
Less popular music doesn't exist. Frequently downloads faulty files.
The best music downloader
Like the app
Its dope
Awesome
I am able to find most songs. App locks up a lot. Will continue to use it.
Great app. Hate the adds
Has everything I've looked up. Quick downloads and not generics
It's ok not experiencing any problems so far
Usually its good... For some reason its not working rite now..
Only app I have found that let's me download full songs from original artists.
Good app since the new update deleted my playlist smh very disappointed
Nothing new that you could download, bypass, keep moving
It cool every song iv looked up is there 5 stars
It's EVERDAY BRO i use it everyday
Always finding the songs I want
Simple set up. Quick and easy download.  Takes up minimal space on my dwvice
Great app. Cant find some of the things i want but still a solid app
Its straight!
Gr8t!!!
I have had frostwire for 10 years. Like oxygen....
Good app. Lot's of songs and pretty easy to use.
It's ok
Downloaded quickly and picture is very clear.
Good place to download free music
Its lit. Get lil boat 2 rn!!!🔥🔥⛵⛵
I love it!
good app..
Its cool
Good app
Awesome 😍😍
Love it
Great
Music paradise pro was better but since its gone this one deserves 5 stars by default.
By far it's a pretty great app you can listen to music offline and MOST music you look for you can find easy to use and download a few annoying adds but still a great search engine
I love that when i want a certain song its so easy to find and download it and it automatically saves it to my music on my phone
I have had frostwire since it first came out and it's the best torrent easy to use
Next to h33t this app is bomb
Beat app to download torrents period, for pc,mac,andrpid,or iPhone!
The only website I know that lets you download music and music for ringtones
I hate it
It's a good app for downloading music
It is really easy to use
I love it
Love it
So far has worked for me
I like it alot
Best downloading app I've seen in a long time
Go to music app.
It's horrible
Like it...
Superb
Really easy to use, and you have millions of songs to download. And it shows you how much space you have in case you don't want to download that song and waste space. Most song are about 6 MB. Some are even in the KB's. I'm gonna save you trouble, go ahead and download this. 👌
I was able to get about four songs but now they never download past zero percent I dont know if its just really slow or if is something wrong
It won't finish some of the music in trying to install pumped up kicks
I know FrostWire it's really good
Pretty good
Awesome
Every song on my phone got deleted when it updated February 24, 2018. Boooo! You stink! I want my music back.
It's poopsie poopsie the happiest little tiny Halo poop poopsie comes from pets who eat Halo pet food it's made with whole Meats and put poop in the best mood other brands use meat meal it's kind of suspicious it's poopsie poopsie always polite and a pleasure to scoop proven to heart and digestive system the proof is in the poop -halopetfood
This is the best music, video, and movie downloader I've ever had in my phone, thank you so much
Great app. Easy to use even for old people like me.
My go-to torrenting site. Easy to use.
It's the best app ever
Nice free and easy to use I love frostwire it is a good and fast music downloader Love it
I love being able to hear my music
Its the best
Found what I was looking for but most songs say error when you try to download and you can't listen to the song before you download it
To many ads pop up other than that I love this app iv used frostwire over 10 years and you still can't beat it
It won't open! I was listening one morning and then later when I tried to get on it wouldn't open! And it shows that none of my music is downloaded from it on Google play music
It's great for downloading music, if you could add songs by New Hope Club it would be 5 stars
Great app for free music
i can download a song easily,,deserve a five star
I love the music download app I do
Thank you
I love frostwire!..
Great app for music
I  love it
This app was quick and simple to use, and is the best music downloader I've ever experienced so far! The songs I downloaded has good quality, so I'm giving 5 stars :)  edit: also a suggestion is to add more music because i couldn't find some of the songs i searched for.. anyway the app is still great! 😊
So far so good! I find exactly what I'm searching for, songs download easily, ads aren't too heavy, and I can play my music with my screen off. I think that I'll keep this app until I either replace my device or until the app stops working properly. EDIT; Would love to have the feature that after a song has been selected to download that I can go back to where I was automatically rather than having to scroll back through the playlist in order to find where I was. EDIT: damn it drains the battery fast, even when it's not being used!
People rave on how good this app is. N it's good bout 45% of the time. I like to download music from the 80s 90s sometimes the 70s I like all varieties of music n frostwire simply doesn't have them or if they do they r all achieved. Wth? I miss my previous mp3 downloader. Everything u looked up 98%of the time they had it. I lost that app cuz I had to reset my phone. N play store doesn't have mp3 downloader apps anymore u gotta get the ones with music on the already. Don't like that either. So all in all I'm disappointed in playstore music apps. Frostwire is the best thing I could find. If u don't mind the latest music then it's fine. If u like a variety from the pretenders, to whitesnake, to shiance, good luck!
I absolutely love frostwire, super easy to use, has almost all the music you're looking for and its just amazing. The only downside which made me give it 4 stars is after a little while music stopped downloading and it makes me upset- so please fix that!
It's works most of the time, and has a good selection of music. However, sometimes it will refuse to start the process of downloading music, which can be quite aggravating. Otherwise, it does as it intends to.
Now that you asked, yes I love Frost wire I can't get another app better and its frustrating trying to find one. You have everything that I could ask for in a music app. You can't play before downloading but if you know what you want its not difficult. Not all songs that I looked for down load when it says it is and when it does download it won't allways go into my music mp3 player. But that's not an issue, you have done more than other apps.
Labeling of what you are downloading could use some work. And my playlists keep getting deleted when I make them
Hate it. I couldn't play anything else in my list. Just the same song over and over. No matter how many times you click on another song. I hate this. Fix the problem.
I downloaded this and it has everything in Spanish. On top of that you can not preview any music before downloading the song. Rubbish
I paid for the app to get no ads. Now they are putting up ads asking me to pay again to remove the ads. Complete and total rip off. Can't listen to the song first. Most of the downloads are garbage files with some guy preaching.
This is the BEST music app you will find. It almost  always  has the song you want. I LOVE that I can download whole albums at a time and am able to take off one or two songs if I don't like them. I USE FROSTWIRE DAILY! &lt;3 &lt;3
Needs work, used to be able to preview before downloading, some songs you download, you go to play back and there is nothing there... used to be a fairly decent app, now... notsomuch
It seems to me that you made some few good improvements since the last time I was here,  I have no idea that I would of thought it had gotten better. Good job. Im definitely going to give this the last time.
I couldn't preview the songs, No Vevo YouTube like before. The playback doesn't work. It used to be amazing. Now its horrible.
Other than continuously getting ads after paying to get ads removed, it's an ok app, just tied of the damn ads and glitches this app contains, I've contacted them but no response and problem still continues and yet no refund...
Bought ad free for a year then a month later was charged again and showing ads still. Now a month after that still showing ads. This is a rip-off but there's no other music app like this so you guys think you can do whatever you want. I'm pissed.
Great application.  Now I don't have to pay the ridiculous prices for music and I just share along ! It continues to impress me and all of the upgrades do what they promise. Can't say  that about other apps right ?
It's garbage. Don't waste your time
it will download some and others will not work. sometimes it crashes  not saying its bad its one of the only working down loaders its just very glichy
This is literally the best app for music you can get. The team has done a wonderful job answering questions or suggestions, and the music library is astounding. I have no complaints, this app is life!
great app. by far the best music download app I've tried in the playstore recently. Actually has most of the music you search and doesn't require stupid token systems or anything like that to play your music offline.
Bloody love this app. Had it on pc but now on phone. I can find even the most obscure track 5*
I either can't find a song I Am looking for or it won't download. It's getting bad!
I love this! It usually has what your looking for! Its definitely better than most music downloaders. Tho it doesn't ALWAYS have what your looking for, i think it's still great!  I'd rate it 9\10!
I found the song that I need, but pressing the down arrow to download, it does nothing. How do I download the song that I need? I have been trying to figure this out for the last hour and I cannot get anything to download.
Its as some but it needs all songs from YouTube so I can listen to my fave songs like cake
The sheer number of ads is both aggressive and aggravating, but you have an upgrade option to eliminate them.  Even if you don't buy the upgrade, the app does work.
This app is a good app epically cause when I'm in the car I have no WiFi and this app doesn't need WiFi but it is confusing when your looking for a specific song and it will have remixed and stuff but not the real song so it's ok
It occasionally freezes up but for the most part if u stick to MP3, mp4, and mfv files they will play on your smartphone.
I finally found an app that actually finds the songs I'm looking for the only downfall is you can't play them before you download them.
It doesn't have as much as other people claim, but does have a wide variety of music, movies and anything else you've been looking for. For any mobile device. It could Download faster
Look it does let you play the song befor downloading   and when you search one thing  it does come up half the time
It has all the the songs you want.... Easy to use. Great quality. Go download it right now!!
I listen to metal so a lot of the bands and songs I'm looking for don't even bring anything up but for alternative and some hip hop it works great
Wish there was some hint to which version was the original instead of just a bunch of mixed up stuff.
I love frostwire. It gives me all the songs i love, even the ones that are  hard to find elsewhere. They have give you all different platforms to  download music from and theres no viruses. Love it.
The one thing I dont like is that you cant preview the song before downloading it
Downloads pausing constantly and if something does download I get a "moving incomplete" error
You name it you can get it on FrostWire. Any song, any artist, even any version, live, album, remix, you name it FrostWire got it!!!
Not enough good torrents won't down load when you find what you're looking for
Its not letting me download anything dont know why...
Enjoy the options. Pops up when I'm not using it.
I like it but I wish when I search up a song it pops up not other songs
I just wish when I press download it wouldn't go on a different screen and I should be notified the downloading has started but so far it's a good app to download music.
This app is great, first app i used that actually did what i needed it to do
Sometimes it doesn't go through when you download your favorite song
I like it but i dont have all the songs you want
The app will relaunch after shutting it down. Which drains battery quick.
It's trash it download anything no more, all it says is error now..
I wish it would let you preview the songs before you download
There's a lot of ads b ut this is a wonderful app I luv it
Very good for downloading videos but still has to improve. Nees to put a button were users could read details about the video thats available for download.
Muy pocas apps te dan realmente música gratis y sin suscripción alguna.  Lo más parecido a Ares y Limewire para sus mejores tiempos
It blows only two out of twenty songs download
Bet app I even got off the play store
This app do not most of our favorite song
It is a good app but it has too many remix its difficult to find an original song I like it though
Only mp3 downloader I've found that's worth a damn
Frostwire has just about everything. I feel like I'm using Napster from back in the day. Nice work and big ups to the developers of the program!
I like it a lot, has every thing I've looked for.
Forgets i paid to remove ads and bugs me to rate it.
it wont stop randomly running after I exit it.
Really worth it i had to copy and paste off youtube before this is so much easier! All my songs are full songs no problems :) download this guys! :)
Used it for a while, have tried others but always come back to Frostwire. Awesome...
Have pretty much most of the songs ive looked up. Easy to use.
It use to be a great app. Downloaded everything I wanted. Now it either  doesn't or it shuts down. But I'm hoping it will go back like it was.
It won't download any music.I can see BLANK!!? I hate it!!!
Can never find a song im looking for half the time and if I do there are no seeders for me to download from.
I did pay for the ad removals for a year but I still get the ads.  If u can't remove the ads then I want a refund.
It has a wide variety of music, but some songs won't even get to 1% after minutes of downloading
Some time really slow to load songs and other stuff but pretty good app so far
I just got this app to watch movies
IT KEPT PAUSING BY ITS SELF
I am still new to this app; but so far it is good,  no problems runs smooth thinking about purchasing it.
U can't download 1 song u can only download the who set like now that's pop
Simple and awesome. Love this app. Im Getting all the new music I was missing out on.
Its good you guys have wide range selection of songs but it  deletes my songs after a week or two fix this please
Not that many song I've looked up it never show the song u want but most of them show 5star and not many ads$
Thank you, also paid for no ads as support for this group, please remove opencandy from install package for Windows.
Loved this app but lately it doesn't really want to download anything when I select a song, please fix this!
Was so excited to find out that frost wire still existed and for free. Best  app to download free music. Its fast and reliable.
Like it so far will get back to you with a better review as soon as I have had it a longer time.
This is the best approach this far!!! It has majority of the song I like
The content that I search for. Is just not available from this app like music, apps and things of the sort
I can download tons of FREE music from any artist. I use this app all the time. It's great!
Hsjdjxhhdgxhxjhxh to the inbox folder and then you can get the best regards David David and I will be a good
Veryyyyy great app lets me get music straight to my phone and i can find all the songs i need
Wow. Blew my tiny mind.
it is the only app I can find for downloading music if looked all over and can't find 2
Ok this won't download any  songs and I have a full internet connection this app is a joke!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When ever I try to download a song it'll download but when I play it there's nothing there. What's up??
So far been good needs some tweaking all in all it works on most sings I have searched.
I love it. This is exactly what i'm looking for and i've found it. Rare is a music downloader where you can listen even offline.
Love the app but when I turn it off the app will turn back on by itself and drain my battery....
It lets you download some music, some wont even download itll show up but no downloads
Awsome but sometimes needs to search and freezes
Great easy to use with other apps that download i suggest ( free mp3 player ) and it should transfer
I love it update it if you can it's great
Great app found all the music I wanted  so far
Found it difficult to find songs
Need to cut down on the viruses
More than half the songs i look up will not download
I have always loved frostwire u play original music no remixes from other people
Such a great app. I can find nearly every song that I search for that's NOT a cover song of the artist's song.
My daughter told me about this app,🖤 it's one of the best apps out there !
I liked it for a day then all of a sudden I couldn't download anymore songs
Thank you for this app I  rate Frost wire 10
Can't get everything you looking for but most of it you can
Please addusic for iv of spades and shanti dope🤣 THANKS!
Its a very nice  app .easy to find song and uploaded it's helps a lot for me
It's okay but not all albums are there ... please fix that
Wouldnt want any other mp3 music downloader
Doesnt even have any songs i search
Couldn't hear the songs first and took long to download
Love it 1/10 incompatible files but not bad
This is a wonderful app. Let's me download music and listen to offline. It's great!
I have been using this app for awhile now and it's the best app so far I've used
Frostwire Is The Best Music Downloader That I Had Ever Downloaded  😁
It takes forever to download one song
Amazing free music
Its good but could be better. Can use improvement but I do love it
It used to be quick but it's very slow now
Amazing, great quality and very easy to use. Best app like this yet
I Found Just What I Was Looking For!!!
Has most music, still missing a few
WHY CAN'T I UNINSTALL THIS APP
Very easy to use love it it has a lot of songs and versions of the same song to choose from
Been around since iPods, and has only gotten better since its creation.
I like using to this app and it's the gater
Need to have all the newer songs on here but over all its pretty good
bro it got it all exxept e40
I wont download the plus version
I think it pretty good but it doesn't find all of my music
This is the best music app I ever got.
It stop downloading will you fix this..
Its a vey good. I recomand getting also it has most songs
This app is the devil!!! Gave my phone a virus!!!
This is the best torrent downloader ever you can actually download movies that are still out and NEW MUSIC
Thank you for putting this together.
🎳🤣🌏 ALL DAT AND A BAG OF CHINESE SOUP CHIPS
Can't find or download anything
Whyyyyy won't items download
Need More Bob Marley!!!
Always there when I need it.
Can you use without WiFi?
Frost wire is alg tbh
I love it but sometimes the albums and songs don't wanna download
I like it alot
The searches should be more clear but other than that it's great
This app is awesome for downloading music. It's the best by far!!
This app is good but not so good
Breaking the law breaking the law
Best music I've downloaded so far great choice!
I think its the best app to do with music out there
Great app to use, you'll find most of what your looking
Has pop ups...
Easy, pretty much has every song you think of.
I RECOMMEND EVERYONE TO USE THIS APP VERY EASY TO USE
Song selection sucks and have the music downloaded doesn't play
Plays offline!
Great I use it to have music without Wi-Fi
Love it. Can find all the music I'm wanting and more.
What I was looking for
Love this app down load any songs you love
Good app just needs more mexican music to it 👍🤞
I like this app
Best music downloader and player I have ever installed....I Truly Love it!!!!
I found the purpose of it
Hood asf ots
A MUST HAVE
Totally Free Music to Download and can be played anywhere.
I love this app this is the first app I have gave five stars to
Nice app like it but definitely needs work but overall i like it
It's awesome but it take little longer to load
Easy to navigate and use.  If I can do it anyone can.
Love it. I can find almost anything I want on here.
Would like to listen to the 🎶 before I download it0
It's good but doesn't have every song
Like. It needs more wider range of music
Frostwire is the best music app EVER TOO EXIST
Best for downloading free movie and music not pay
Don't get it
Easy to download best app in a long time
The best music app ever!!! It has everything!
Is ok but, great at the same time.
I love the free music and how easy it is to use.
Its my favorite music download app
Its a amazing app for music n ringtones
Is good easy to use thank you
Nrw to the spp so far its great
Thank you for making great music free
This is a great Downloader for music I luv it
Easy to down load music on my android
The app is great! thx developers
Absolutely nothing like it unleashed like a mini laptop
Has all the songs I love! Even FFDP!!!
I  downloaded songs I liked and it worked.
It's Fast Fun And Friendly
Good app, got what I wanted.
Great app, excellent results!
I love it, great job guys.
Would be great if anything worked
The best a kepper no doubt
I think its amazing app
Great app performs very well
My favorite so far for what it does
Great for music while im at work
Love how does not need WiFi
The boom
Works well
I like it
its alright
i thought it worked
Gri    Jh
A+
I like it
Love your app, guys!
It sick
It's a good app for music
It's a really good app😊
I loved it it's so FUN
I lik it. It is kool. Ok
The app works great😃👍
Good app. I like it
Dope.
Perfect for all my music
Helpful and it evolves with your software
Good ap works good
I love it so much
Great app for music and movies
Add more variety of music
Love it saves to external sd
So far so good
Best app for all music
Easy to use & very fast.
I love this App!!
Love it!! Actually works
Excellent...my fav downloader
best downloader for music ....period
Amazing in my presence.
this app is realy nice...quick downloader...
Getting It's better
I love this app.
I love this app.
Downloads fast!
Awesome. Life saving.
Loved it and its the best
Awesome no problems
Fast good app
Super easy to use
Loved it easy to use
It works  good
I love this app
Its a cool app
Awsome free app
Love using this app
Best  app ever
Best regards to the maker
Very Very Great App
so far so good
Perfecto
Yes
Thnx
Like it
rocks
Dope
Tubular
Dope
Meh
I love this app💖💖☺☺
Excellent apps.
Fkts
Love this app.
Good, amazing
It's awesome
It's awesome
It's awesome
More features.....more more
It's nice
It's good
👍👍👍👍
Love it!
👍👍
Great!!!
Very useful...
Perfect👏💖
Great App
Best ever
Lovely app
So awesome
Thumbs up
To goooooood
Its wonderful
I love it
It is amazing
Awesome thanks
Cool and always
good app
Good app
Good for download
Super useful
It is good
amazing app
I enjoy it
Easy to navigate
Real good
Best App
It is great
Its good
Awesome app
Great app
Awesomely great
It good
Nice app
I love it
Great application
It is cool
Great app
Love apalpudsa
Works great
Good app
Good app
Highly recommended
Good app
I love it
Its good
I love it
Easy to use
Excellent
Bomb
Crashed
Rubbish
It is awesome🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Good
Love it
Kool
Awesome
Love it
Great
Love it
Great
Cool
Great
Love it
Nicee
Cool
Great
Excellent
Fantastic
Cool
Love it
Love it
Nice
Awesome
Love it
good
Great
Good
cool
Love it
Great
Love it
Love it
Nice
Love it
Love it
Awesome
Cool
Cool
Great
Best
Good
Awesome
Perfect
love it
PERFECT
Awesome
Nice
Cool
AWESOME
Awesome
Nice
Cool
Amazing
Nice.....
It's a really great app for people that like music I love this app so much you can get almost every song there is you guys should get it and I bet you will rate it as one of your favorites its really that good and if you like to listen to music wile playing a game its not like YouTube because YouTube can't do that unless you have a chrome book or a computer but its a great app:-)
Downloaded a few songs and i received an email saying i violated copyright laws and my internet service might get canceled
Absolute trash. Will not find usable torrents even for popular music.
My entire family uses FrostWire, and the reason why... It's the best free music downloader out there that I've found so far. Most songs, albums, wallpapers, videos you want to find are right here.
I think they need to update it so that newer songs can be downloaded and also were u can search without it saying try using less words
Think you should be able too see artwork and also review the song before downloading
Not good could give you viruses
When it works it works. When it doesn't work it really doesn't
I finally found an app i can download my music straight up....
Finds most songs crashes sometimes
Best thing in the world right know
It's good but it needs to add more newer music to alot of the artist.
This app is amazing you could just listen to music that you download without WiFi!
Love being able to listen offline  helps whenever I have to travel far from service to and from or for Work
This is the best for downloading music I love this app
If only it had Trap Terrell
Don't have the songs I want
Thanks for the free app
Overall its like the new Limewire,works great.
Duck uuu
It is okau
Frostwire is great to use.
Very nice app.
A++++
Great did what i needed
Good music
Great app
Very good
Super cool
Awesome
Great
Honestly, I love this app. You can search up an artist and download one song at a time or you can download the album. Now, there are a few times when I can't find what I'm looking for but over all really good
Waited over half an hour for it to download one song and when the download was finally complete the song wouldn't play. Waste of time!
I love this app. The amount of series and movies I downloaded from it is unbelievable however, sometimes it literally stops working and I have to uninstall it and download it again.thats the only difficulty I have with it i don't know if it's because there's a certain limit to downloading things or something like that but other than that I'm in love with Frostwire.
It was good but there wasnt very many songs. And a few annoying adds
It is not as good as use to be . before I could search n download songs now it jus freezes n glitches can barely download songs
It can deff be better overall because there's a lot of music that doesn't even know and I think that maybe if it was just more music and less cover people sometimes and it would be a lot better
It's lit af. I chose this terminology on purpose so you'd know I'm not a bot..... So.... Do with that what you will.... Personally I wouldn't trust it if I read it tho. As for details it downloads what you need easily, I've never gotten a virus, but sometimes it'll stop downloading things if it needs an update. So keep it up to date fam. Love, peace, and a ball of hair grease.
Best downloader ever.I've been trying a lot of other downloaders but not working at all.this is the fastest and easiest downloader ever!thanks!
Thank you so much .its a very good app.I hope I can find more latest Tagalog songs
I like this alot... But... just a request..  On the next update, plz add Alec Benjamin's songs.  Thx.
It sucks dont get it. It pauses every 19 sec. into the songs. Cant hardly find any songs 👎👎👎👎booooo
It's a really good music downloader and I can find all the music I want, but it won't let me download some sings here n there, like I tried to download a song I havent heard in a really long time and it would download, but I couldnt listen to it, same went for the other titles on the lists.
One of the best App i've ever seen so far,..Not too many Ads, and soooo easy to Download Music and transfer immediately in my SD Card.however one thing i've notice is that some Asian Songs,Artist or Singers like in the Phillipines did not appear here,..hoping a little improvement for this App but Overall is Nice and working Good!..just keep Up the Good work developer.👍👍
I looked up a song and literally every single file was exactly the same and it was not good quality it was done in the chipmunk voice this app is total BS
I had given a review saying its stupid before, I've installed it again and seems like you guys did a great job... 😇
I dont know how to preview the music can anyone help ??
I typed in 7 songs and your app had none of them so you know my opinion (&$#@#$@)
This app WAS fantastic. For a while I  Could get just about anything, And now almost no songs that are not POPULAR are either Not found or not downloading.
Well i thinks its ok but i still not good on hoe u download 🎵
Let's me actually download music onto my player. I love it and it has all the songs you search, original plus remakes.
While it does its job, after having it for a month my music app gets deleted for some reason and i can only enable it after i delete frostwire, but after i delete frostwire my songs wont play
It's not letting me get the music I want. It won't download the songs
To be honest it use to be a good app before the update now all you get is a lot of foreign links with absolute filth about young girls sort it out guy's I've had to wipe my phone twice due to the filthy pictures keeps coming on my screen sort it out guy's
Uninstalled and downloaded 4 times the appp suckss big timee i dont recommend it at all
To the developers of the app GREAT OUTSTANDING JOB!! The best music downloading app EVER.
I found songs I never thought I'd ever hear again it's awesome
I find 98% of the songs I look for. I love this app and I recommend it. It does what it says and It's easy to use. I give it a full 5 ⛦'s.
Not all songs are here.and cant download some songs says error data... Wasted/!!!! Uninstsl
It deletes your songs after a while for some reason
Just about anything I'm looking for I can find here and the app is very user friendly I use it all the time I ha e not found anything that compares with frost wire
Horrible only seems to download very minimum, it sucks
It good but can't find some of the music I like. Plus I can't play it before hand so ic don't know the quality until downloaded.
Just started using this but finding it really slow.
I've never gave a app 5 stars I love this app it's fast easy and fun to use
I can hear my music when iam slipping
Really great if ur just looking for free music downloads don't listen to any hate comments has all the popular songs
App reveiw - app world well with my zte blade mobile phone .... Just wish it had the option of to use a VPN or not use when downloading
What!? Doesn't download songs! Stupid don't waste your storage!
It doesn't have every song that's it out there new or old
I like it because you can use it without wifi
I have a question before I download if I have this on my phone can I download it on my laptop with the same account or do they have to have two separate accounts
Iffy at best and keeps running on it's own in the background have to shut it off every hour, uninstalled.
The picture of the song is always blurred
Worst app ever DONT DOWNLOAD
I really like FrostWire because u can find any music and u can save it to ur phone, and play it when ur offline!!! Best app by far!!!
Easy to use but takes awhile and has to have a VPN to work
On the down low everyone. This seems too good to be true but it is what it is. Video games, movies, music, and much more.
I can find all the music I like, new and old.
this app helped me get what I needed in music collection
I love this app it has all the best song ever my dancing skills are better from this I love looking at new song and old song
I love music, especially free
Very nice app to use and the assistance is great if there is a problem
Its really good hope done goofke play ruins in by delwting the app for copywriting ha good job
I've loved frostwire for years!!! I'm happy they made it an app that I can use on my phone.
Torrents have no seeds, cannot download anything!
Has a huge selection if tunes including mixed cds
I like my music n you guys have it
Always glad to use your program. You guys rock
Finally, don't need an entire computer/laptop to download & listen to my music!!!!
Make it where we can save our music
It is the bet app i have download on ny phone
Please add more a lot of songs like in YouTube please, I really like this app 😊
Love the fact that you can find old tracks that can be turned into ringtones.
So thankful for this app!!!!
The downloads doesn't add up in first time.
It's an awesome app it's works GREAT!
It's where I get my latest songs!
I use this app for music only and Frostwire has every song I have looked for and that makes me happy 😀😀😀😀😀😎😎😎
Its a great app I loved it so much and it dose not need wifi
It works!!!
I love this app, been using it for several years. I would recommend this app to anyone
Can't preview songs before downloading
Can't find any song I'm looking for
I love it cause its easy to find the song you want which is awesome 👍
This app is great works wonderful download if looking to get and play music!!!
My opinion it needs better quality.. I cant download the movie i want
As good as any other music download subscriptions... without the monthly fees!!
Doesn't work.
Nothing much left to. Say
The BEST MUSIC APP. I HAVE HAD 💞💞💞💞 So easy to use. And it works with blue tooth 💞💞
Some of the song won't play.
Easy to use and almost always has every song I want.
Find the song you need. Ads.
I wish I could find country song but I can't so
Love it but I'm getting tried updating it every 3days
Few songs given .
Best torrent downloader I ever found on play store.
I really like this app, it has most songs that I look for
Great app, I can find all the music I want!!!! And I'm able to find new music!!!
Easy to work, quick to use. Built with respect of music
Good but it needs to get more better with the search engines
I love FrostWire - Torrent app it's truly amazing
Does what it says on the tin
Need more music
I like it but could use some work
Love it! Much better than the PC version
Can't download
Doesn't start
Best Music Download App I've Used.
It's awesome to share with people,it's the way it's supposed to be !
All around great app. Rated 5 from me.
It simple nd t works properly...i love it.
First timer, my friend suggest app
It's more easily find the song  and download..
Great to listen off line and at home or any where
the app is great works perfect no problems
This is a great app luv it!
Quick & has 99% of the music I search for
Love that I can find what I really want!! 💕💕
Easy to use. A great app!
Fast ডাওনলোড হয় না ভাই ধীরে ধীরে হয়
I love it it's easy to use and understand
Quick, easy, always find my music
I hate it !!!!
Great fun time stealing
It's great! Absolutely love it!
Music lover
Needed music
Ass cheeks
Noice app
Simple interface, nice features.
Works for me
Its ight
Thanks for the toons
Its okay
It is amassing
usually works
Great music downloading application.
Looked forever for an app this good.
I love this app!!
I love this app it's the best
Thankful for your work and effort.
Helps alot
It's a Great Download App
Lots of songs. Easy to use
Just works, no problems
This app is so amazing...i just love it!!!!
Love it!!!!!  The best torrent app
Great App.Best variety of music.
Worked great until the update
Dis app is awesomeness itself
Best music app on earth
Its good so far
Dos it have all the songs
I love this app it is amazing
I love it for my music
I love it so much
I love frost wire
Great app
It's gravy ya dig
Okay
OK
It's all good!!
I love music...and I love FrostWire
It's good and useful
It downloads fast.
Its good, so far..
😵😵😵😵😵😵
Fast and easy to use
Best music app
I love this app
I love the music
Is the best app
Great app  My
Awesome for what I use it for
Great for good music
Love frost wire
Awesome sauce as always
I love it
Love it the best
Love the app
Dosent work.
Juanhundred
Ok
Jello
Ok
Fast & way tnx..
It cool
Brilliant love it..
😊😊😊😊
Awesome app👍🏾👍🏿
🖕🖕🖕
💝💝💝
Love it!!!
The best
Great app
Great app
Loving It
Great App
Pretty simple
Very useful
I love it
Love this app
Works great
Awesome app
Great app
The Best
The best
It is nice
Good app
Great!!!!
Awesome!!!!
Love it 🙄
Cool
Awesome
i love it
SEXY
Great
Love it
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Cool
Love it
Great
Awesome
Good
Love it
great
Awesome
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Love it
Awesome
Great
Loved it
Love it
Love it
Great
Love it
So many ads.  They kust keep popping up.  Watching a download, and right in the middle, it stops. Now all my dowloads will not play!?!?  What a waste. Especially since it takes a while to download.  Love the pc version.  But this one... not so much.  I would buy it to remove the ads, but as the trial has shown, it causes too much frustration.  I was killing some time by watching my download, but since it crashed, I have nothing better to do than write a slam report.  I will try again later.  If it works, I will delete this and add 5 stars.  Let's see how long this review stays here. February 9 2018
I love it! Its like the old programs from back in the day like Napster, Bearshare, Kazaa and Morpheus. For you millennials programs are apps for a computer that "was so big" you had to put it on a desk and use a mouse and keyboard!
Aweful just aweful. Half of the songs are just pathetic covers, it eats up your phone battery and memory and is full of gliches. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
when i find something to download, it shows up but will pause within  seconds, or else just shows downloading but is not. i have wifi etc. bit  connection on nothing
This app doesn't have private browsing. Your service account for internet gets hacked.
I've used Frostwire since it's inception & they just keep surpassing my expectations of the way I would have the app function. Highly recommend this app to anyone & everyone!
Intrusive ads take over your experience. Trash software
Aside from having to listen to the demo to make sure the song isn't totally screwy, I love this app and have used it for years and will continue for years.
App is s*** you cannot find any music
I like that it's free, but sometimes when I click to download a song, it does notging.
They could put more newer songs on here
works great missing some files but overall its a great app
There should be more African song like mamelani ,yile gqom
Couldn't even listen to any of the songs I was trying to download it wouldn't even play 😤😤😤
Meets all my needs
Very unexpected  Your hularious  Ew
Enjoy you request choices
Barely any songs download
Do far it can find anything I'm looking for.  Great app.
Where have you been all my life????
I love how I can save it to my phone for a time to come
everything I need
Easy to use and haven't had not one problem
Love it till it starts denying that a search for paparoach.
It's gay
Great if could find more results
I like it's quick downloads
Best I've used yet
No app like this... Love it &lt;3
Good for no wifi areas
I think  that  it is a good  game
Awesome mp3 app!!@
It's a good app
Great for music downloads
Nice and easy to use
Dope
Idk
Love it!
Its awesome
Works great
Its great
🤘🏿🤘🏿🤘🏿🤘🏿🤘🏿
Great
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Love it
Decent
Love it
Download movies&music/ man all I need to find whatever song or movie I want it's there to download to your phone with very little ads if any love this app.its No others I'll you for my music ;just love all the things you can do with this app :Music or songs download load any and everything you want!!!!!!
It's really good and reliable. aside from the ads it's great. There just needs to be patience
Always get the songs I want
It's great
Excellent
Love it
Nothing worked... Uninstalling after I post this review..
Best app for music!! Hands down 😈😈
Trash.
Its great
Quick and Easy
🔥🔥🔥💯
23/01/18 I've only just downloaded this app. It was great with the first two songs I downloaded but then after that everything else I downloaded would say it's completed yet when I go to play it itf would revert back to the second song I downloaded. I had high hopes for this app but it seriously sucks. The only reason it got two stars from me is because I really like the two songs it allowed me to download. If I can't resolve this soon I will just delete it and keep looking around for similar apps that actually work!
Just lost 2 Stars.... Payed for add free pro version for a year and 6 months later I'm starting to get ads again... If you're going to do that main as well just give me my money back and I'll deal with the ads.
As close to and as good as LimeWire was! It's easy to use and the music is 110%! Never had a single problem with this app since LimeWire was shut down and FrostWire was introduced! I have used it since day one on every computer/tablet/phone I have owned. I would suggest and insist that friends, family, and anyone else needing a torrent use this one!
I honestly love this app but lately it has been acting funny by saying that the song download is complete but when I try to play it the app restarts. Also when I go back to the song it resets the song time to zero then plays the last song I got before the update. As much as I like the style it has just been bothersome trying to connect over and over again to this app.
OK. I deleted it. Now I got it back. Thank you for responding. The thing is that I used to listen to the song I wanted, before I download it. And now I can't. I don't like covers. But at least I found the song that any other app had. THE SOUND OF SILENCE! with Disturbed. I'm happy now. Just help me with other thing.
I downloaded the app and thought it was great had nearly every song I wanted. I just lost all my music and tried to redownload them. It didn't have any of them! So disappointed lost over 700 songs!! Haven't a clue what's gone off but it getting no more than 2 stars...
It's great and all, but I do a minor complaint. When I'm scrolling through some songs to download it automatically brings me back to the top after like 5 seconds, not giving me enough time to look at the songs. May you please fix that and I'll give this 5 starts
It downloads apps without permission. When I try to listen to music, just as I try to tap on a song an ad pops up. If I wait for the AD  it doesn't show up. It means that no matter what I click on an ad when I try to listen to music.
Easy.Fast,Simple,Music,Media,Etc. Downloads directly to SD Card,  Strong,Accurate,Fast Search Engines. Tried pretty much all the other Music  download apps, but this is honestly the Best in every way available for  Android. Just try it and you'll see for youself, its only and last one  you'll need.
This app behaves a lot like a virus.  It auto starts and continually restarts and there is no easy way to stop or disable it short of uninstalling it. The app is also somewhat OVERPERMISSIONED.  It also  contains 3 separate ad networks and a particularly privacy intrusive analytics module.  I recommend, uninstalling this app!!!
After downloading 2.. 2 SONGS it stopped working. I choose a file to download. I wait 5 hours and it doesn't start downloading!!!! And i tried maybe doing something but NNNOPE
Downloading the music was great and all I would give it 5 stars but there is one small problem... Some of the new song and trending songs don't show up... If you could update it and fix this as soon as you can that would be great and depending how good it is i will give it a 5 star rating and give a good feedback
Downloaded 2 songs. Now says download complete but won't let me play the song. Keeps going back to the second song I downloaded. Don't waste this install.
W/O wi-fi it isn't that great, can find some songs, artists, & albums: then, it doesn't download whole album (out of all ones tried to get, I've ended up W/3, rest 1-4 songs). Same W/single song selection. Just don't have Wi-Fi.
It sucks. It caused my phone to go crazy by the volume going to Max on it's own and voice search kept opening on it's own. You could actually see it happen. You never know when you're going download a virus with this app, all because you want to put some music for the road on your phone. Save yourself a headache and the cost of a new phone and stay away from FrostWire!! You've been warned!!
App has been running super slow and sometimes i have to download multiple versions of a song just to make sure it goes through. But when it does go through it works decent. Speed could be tons better.
I love that I can find almost any song I can think of. What I don't love is when I think I've downloaded a song and then it says there's zero and nothing there! So frustrating not knowing what your downloading
This sucks! It won't download anything to my phone anymore and I can't delete it or it'll delete everything that I have downloaded from it. It used to work great and I loved it but now I'm just stuck with it needing to update almost every day and taking up storage space. PLEASE FIX!
It has been acting up since the recent update. A song has been downloaded but when you try to play it it says moving error, the previous versions never had problems. Please fix ASAP.
This app is one of the best for music that I've seen and used in a long time . I'm really liking it! But does have a few kinks to work out.
If you are looking for music to download this is the app. The ads arent too irritating.  Ive downloaded movies too.  I love it!
I've been using Frostwire for years, probably from their very beginning most likely, and I've NEVER been disappointed in my searches and results.  I'm still getting used to the app, but so far I've been very pleased with it.  Sometimes what I might be looking for just isn't out there at that moment in time, but if I try again later? I usually find it, lol Thank You, Frostwire for everything you've given me over the many years we've been together!!!❤❤
Anytime I  go to download Black Sabbath. I get this gay ass band called "discharge" doing a cover of the song. Singer of discharge sucks and sounds like he's drowning in semen. And it needs to stop giving me these damn covers and give me Black Sabbath!!
Best music downloader app everrrrr!!!! You dont even have to listen to the file just download and it saves to your phone or sd card. Its easy to use barley any ads no other app in store like this one! ❤❤
App. is pretty good. With a little trial and error, and patience on finding  a torrent file that actually works, it's a good app.. Really a time saver.  If it downloaded a lot LOT faster I'd give it 5 stars.
I love how simple it is to use. I would give it 5 stars but the fact that there is no way to preview a song prior to going through the download process is kind of what sucks for me. But other than that, no issues.
I can't get movies to download directly to my sd card. Plz fix this, it is soo annoying
It's an alright app but alot of the downloads are just empty space with no music and alot of the others are just covers by 12 year olds. It's difficult to find a song even if the have hundreds of download links
Pretty easy to use. Finds most of songs i looked for.   Had issues with some downloads not working.   All in all for free music it pretty good app
It sucks i try and use it but everything is stuck at 0.0 they got 2 or 3 30 second ads so I guess they made their money
Needs improvement when downloading a music!! It has the worst download ever And second you need to improve its way of searching
Well when look up certain music either it dont have it or someone recorded singing in da background plz add the real songs other than that its ok and to much ads.This app really sucks
It's so easy and does what it says. BUT it glitched a bit for me. If that doesn't bother you then download this app.
I love this app,I generally get most of the songs I want and easily and quickly....I recommend it to my friends etc,they aren't disappointed either... not many adds either....win win by me...
Frostwire #1 music app!! No other music app can come close. Even with ads its still the best!! 💜🎶💜
Easy to use, you can listen to your music offline as well, you can download multiple songs and also has a good selection of a good playlist and as well different songs and remixes of your liking
Awesome music download app. It has the most music from the most obscure places, and the most recent updates of new music. I definitely recommend
Its used to work really well when i downloaded music but now when i try to download music ..in the transfers it says downloading but nothing is downloading or its paused. Sometimes it works but most of the time i cant even download one song in less than 1 minute, it takes much longer like too long😐😧. Plz fix this issue, i really like this app
This app is garbage, the downloads aren't what you down loaded, but ads - you may get 10 songs after downloading 100
So far my favorite app it's the only one I can find that allows you to listen to music without wifi it's easy to use and has lots of great music
What a awesome app. Love it! More people should join in. You can download albums, tracks, covers and more. Found albums I couldn't find! Great work guys keep up!!
I like the app updates but I'm still having issues with it dropping ND then I have to go find the download again
Best music download app I have yet to use. Couldn't find a few songs but I found everything other song I wanted
I love this music app. I have downloaded all music download er apps on here....ALL...and this is the only one that allows me to do so AND it goes right into my music. It is amazing and has made me very happy ..way to go guys! ! I give u five big and bright stars!!
I love it but hate that you make us pay for the ads to be taken off. That is bs just sayin
I love FrostWire because it's never changed since the beginning when it first first came out you can find whatever you are looking for for movies to music to pictures to everything albums mixtapes underground to mainstream no matter what it is you could find it thank you Frost wire
Everyone here is retarded. Why you ask? Well because music isn't the only thing you can download idiots
Downloading needs to be a little faster. Took me hours to get some movies other than that I like it
Watch what you download off of you I downloaded two songs and I got a letter from the lawyer's office that says torrent downloading is copyright infringement Red Red Wine and what other song they try to sue me over
I tried searching a song and it says it can't find the song 😡😲😠 I would recommend you not to down load this
It's a great app and it works phenomenally 95% of the time, it helps me get the music I want for free, and money being tight as it is, it really helps. The only issue I have with the app is how some of the downloads quite simply don't work or download.
Used to be a good app, one of the best. But now updates make it almost impossible to download from clients
Like this app i down load music with it but when i try n download anything  else such as 13 reason why season 2 it doesn't download plz fix and ill  rate 5
I like it but I think they should have the original song not people covering it but so far so good 👍👍
Either decent I have had better but they didn't allow me to download videos or movies but yeah apart from. That the are a lot of adds
I've used this for years, but all of a sudden won't download, or even load past the first loading screen. Please fix this! ZTE blade X Max.
Im tired of trying to download songs it will start and the stop halfway through the song im trying to download you need to fix this app so people can download music
I wish it had some of my favorite songs, but it's still pretty great. It's also easy to use. I love it so much, and I'd totally recommend it.
The best app for downloading music been looking for a app like this and it's great I give it 10 stars all the music that you look for are there.  The best music app to download music and save them to your phone or SD card.  Thank you guys for making a app like this I appreciate very much!!!
I LOVE IT...! This is the most complete app I had found... I highly recommend it to download your favorite music.
Well I like how you still keep the music you download even when you delete this app bc other apps deleted the sounds that I downloaded with the app and that made me very angry but this is the best music app that I have and this is over all a good app I rate it out of 10 a 11
Downloads super fast, there's not one song I've searched that frost wire doest have,  it's Awesome
I like it but it doesn't always have the songs I want. That is a big disadvantage to having it.
It was so easy to find the music I was looking for and if I couldn't find the torrent, I would download the song from YouTube using Frostwire. I LOVE this app!
Half the things i downloaded didnt work i even reinstalled the app about seven times
It had a lot of songs and I've had it fr a long time but then I guess it updated and then when I deleted the app it delted all 200 of my songs!!!😔
So my friend wants to download it, but it doesn't work. She is using her ipad to download it. But it doesn't show up. Does it work for an apple or it doesn't work?
It has a great selection of songs, but may not always have the latest music.
It no longer lets you download files. It acts like it is downloading and when you try and open file nothing is there. Music for example
Great place for music and great place to find DJ's etc.....thank you happy news years and remember everyday is a great DAY🌍 to stir up Courage
Has a wide variety of new and old songs. There is a lot of ads but this app is deffinatley worth the 30 sec. wait. The pros of this app deffinatley out weigh the cons in my opinion. So give it a try you may or may not be disappointed. Idk.
About the worst downloaded I have used. Never finds any songs
I like it. It's not amazing but it's good. It's free music. It's difficult to find alot of songs...
Easy to use but when an update is required it's search engine has very few downloadable options
ABSOLUTELY THE BEST APP FOR DOWNLOADING ALL MY FAV'S.... I GIVE IT 10 ×100 STARS
Works without data! I have a hard time finding some songs but I guess I can't complain when I'm not paying lol
Can't live without this program! DC++ in the '90's, Limewire in the 2000', and now Frostwire saving the day for the past decade!
Slow but normally has everything I'm looking for as long as I have good wifi or service signal
I dont think this is the best because it dosent have all thw songs i want but its ok 😅😅
It sucks but it don't sucks. Downloaded music perfectly but it didn't go to my SDcard like its suppose to. It took up most of my phone data so I can't really download anything else.
I love this app it has always been my go to sadly since the last update it keeps showing adds despite that i paid for add free package
Still trying to work with said app figuring things out but I'll update soon
I'm having problems with frostwire, it won't download what I want it to download.
I think its a really good app only thing that could change is making it easier to find the full correct version of songs prior to the year 2000
I love it but it crashes too much and I hate how the download list keep coming back as things finish but I still five.
Love it and the music so many results come up when you search one thing related songs come up too
Overall good but  now some problems are taking place.
It used to work fine but now half the songs that I download say its not supported. I always make sure the songs say MP3 but still can't won't play after download.
It has an inbuilt playa.  Frustrating though...  You'll see  But it does wat it says
Is a very good app. But does not have a very good nightcore selection
This app has most of the music that I search for but after it says that a song is downloaded it wont allow me to uae a a ringtone and most times it wont stop playing after I push stop and exit out of the app
Error downloading everything. Stick with the Treble app for free music.
Awesome app, so happy I found it again. Have babies that love music on phones. Thank you frost wire
Great for downloading movies and music videos plus I can find all my underground music that can't be found on all the other apps I've tried great app
so far so good can use tracks downloaded from am old phone can make personal playlists found tracks I've previously struggled to keep  it up
I am able to find most of the songs I want.  As far as this app taking a while to find the right one, I have no issues.  Great app for the music you want to listen to. I love it!
For the most part, this is awesome. However, there are times when I can't find a song
pathetic Bootlegged Movies These shady Scrubs Who made app,what's the deal with XVIDEOS On most Movies NOW , Come on Now Guys Is we wanted to download  From serval Sources We mine as well as Post Nudes and Private Photos Eight on Google , using this for few years now Hit an miss don't Download movies Ur have ur device monitored cud  pirates Movies and shows ,Plus vids None work wasted 4 GB 2 times for vid Same junk Nothing on screen and download stops Last few Shows and will Not finish downloading,Plus Noticed Vids and Pics From my Phone's Pictures Just vanished ,This is how low have to get To steel photos and vids From random People Than App need shut DOWn
Background play doesn't work and it's makes me mad , angry , etc
Needs more selection of music only finding about 6/10 songs i search
Best app ever for downloading music... You don't have to be on the app to listen to your music since it saves directly to your phone!!
So far good but u need to download Enkay47 my favorite artist plz would  be  glad and ill give u all stars hope u do this.
Used to love this app but no longer finds songs I want & if a miracle happens & it does find one, it won't download!
What a app find everything I need the first time there is not that many good apps out there what can do this this fast
It's Very good easy to use and get all the brazilian music that I  like. I recommend it
Well when I'm not seeing the device it loves me
I love the app. It just takes awhile for some songs to download and alot of ads.
I love downloading my favorite music on this app. Thank You!
Great App. Would give 5 stars but it doesn't give me all of the music that I want.Would also be a lot better with a "recommended" section.
Found most every song I looked up
Doesnt have all the songs i was looking for or they were copies other than that what i could find worked fine...
95% of the time they do have the song i am looking for. I'm happy with it, so far it's the best one I've tried.
Worst music app I've ever used.
This app is boring & stupid, don't download it
Doesn't always work and search is not very effective
Stopping my music for ads... Not cool dude
pretty much useless after this last update.everything just stays at zero.
Would be a great app if every song I downloaded wouldn't tell me in my player that its not supported. Thanks for nothing.
I love this app. It is the best thing for downloading music and other things that I need for projects.
love this app so easy to find my favourite songs...thank you frostbite... am so happy 😁
not really  the best but still ok
I like the wide collection of songs. And it is so easy to use. No hassles and you dont have to wait too long to download.
Worked for one download then stopped working
There is only one thing I would like changed and that is could you please add more country artists
Some come out not full song
I find almost all my favorites...old and new! I also love that they give you the cover art to go with the songs!
Stopped downloading songs... Worst app ever... FIX IT
I love it so much but it dose not know jeff hardy but its also good cuz it knows the band skillet
Descarga muyyyyyyyyy lento tengo bun internet .y muchos anuncios nada que ver con lime wire
A friend told me about it and since then all my music is fromhere..
After testing 4 torrent client, this is the only one that let you choose any file you want to download! 👍
It is the sickest (best music) app all time!! I'd put money on it any day.
I've had it for about 2 years or so i like it but sometimes you have to be really specific about what artists or songs.
It doesn't have all the songs
Best app ever because you can jam out to your music and no wifi needed
I merely have a recommendation and that is that they need to have it to where you can listen to a song before you download it. Other than that its great
I love frostwire and have been using it every day since I found it six years years ago. I've gotten every movie and song I've looked for
It wont let download mutiple songs at once and is very slow, its taking all day to download one song.
This App Is My Choice For Music Torrent Files It Is The All-In-One, The Very Best
I was wondering is this app in the Apple app store?
It's good but not all the new songs are on 😔 😢
Keeps Deleting Off My Phone and Sometimes Delete Music👇.
This app dose not include searches of what I'm looking for.
I use to be able to download my songs, now it won't let you download nothing, and doesn't give you any explanation.
I love it so much the only and I mean ONLY thing I dislike is the fact I can't play the song before I download
What is this app I thought you can download music but you can't do anything on here  terrible app
Best app since showbox! Music and movies and pics just awesome! Great job!!
Its great but it is a little hard to find the music im looking for.
Never have found anything like this
Does not work on certain devices
Yeah I like this app alot
I'll give this app a thumbs up and 4 stars. Has almost all the music you could ask for
This app changed my life its awsome but ther is alot of ads but i still love it
I paid six dollars to remove the ads for a year. They were gone for an entire four days.
App is great  and finds most  the tracks I'm looking for ! Keep updating   heat job thanks   mj.
Great app so far have had no trouble at all finding and downloading all the songs I've searched for.
I like it,l like it alot.
Rubbish uninstalling it right away.
Please download this it is the best.(not a robot proof ---&gt;fgdgevDADDY-SREKINATOR%$&1#4)
It keeps opening back up after I exit the app. Please make it stop
I love this app so much it's amazing and the best app I've ever used and it lets you use the songs offline
Can get anything to download.
Soo happy I came across this app love it Soo much have it on all my devices
Best one to get ringtones on Android! I couldnt find any where i can dowload and use as a ringtone. Only this one.
It used to be the go to for music, now you can't get any to ever download.
This the BEST app ever, I found every song I wanted and some I haven't heard in awhile.
It has no ads u can turn of ur phone well songs are playling
I Love it, it works fine and it is really easy to use yoy can find any song you want
It the worst app ever.
The songs I try to download do not download. App needs a lot of fixing
Everything ive tried has worked. Woukd suggest over any other torrents app. 5 star
Definitely better than other supposedly free mp3 downloads
This app is junk.
This app is great for music and videos. All my friends wonder how I access so much so fast.
I really love e this app, but I think they should add YouTube songs to the app. thanks
It's hard to find jay Z but frostwire got it and more thats what's up
It's such a good app to download music easy to use but take a little long to load
It was okay because it didn't really let me get the many songs
Awesome easy it had every sung you can imagined defiant red com bend
You can still listen to the music after the phone has been off
Barely scratching the surface of what this app can do and I already love it.
Not all will download so u have to delete it then download again
So far is pretty good and easy to use, it's been a week since I installed frostwire
Easy to use, but sometimes doesn't work. Have to restart to work. Good app for music though
Awesome app needs more underground misic tho.. Give me some boss mac lol
its so picky for app
Something is wrong with this music downloader
You can download music and take it any were without internet.
This app Is awesome I just wish you could download songs without wifi
Giving it a 4 due to some songs will not download at all
This app is awesome and even has the remixes of songs! This is the best app for downloading your favorite music.
Great app,a lot of music you can't  find anywhere else, fast!!
I like the app and the selection, but I wish the selection was a little bit bigger
Alot of good music u could delete it and still have all ur data
All the music I need in one app. Could not ask for more.
Can't download anything. It says its downloading but it won't actually download.
It has add but its awsome and u can download the ding and listen to it WITHOUT wifi.😃😃😃
The only one I use, like app very much
The only thing that needs to be improved is a bigger selection of torrents
Got songs i thought i would never download without youtube
Full albums its everything you are looking for in a music downloader
Best app I have came across  in a long time
NO FNAF SONGS OR VIDEOS
Hey guys how do I view the whole title of the torrent ? And how do I know if the torrent has a virus ?
Doesn't let me download tracks off soundcloud anymore
It got music that u like cool download u could download new movies too thx lord
For the most part; restocked my entire music library.
Need acess to more music. Most of them dont downloaded
The app works great on my galaxy. It's fast, efficient, and free! Love it!
Everything I searched, I  have found. Once you understand the different formats, it is an awesome app.
Doesn't work anymore
Looked up best artist nothing found horrible music app
Doesn't work at ALL
Its better than most music apps I like it it is a verrry useful app heheh XD
Its nice cause I like music Kevin gates lil pump lil bravo lil Wayne and so on
At first I wasn't to sure about it and then I downloaded it and it worked
Piece is shyt app..... useless
I really like the app but you need to start adding songs more often
Its good but could use more song's without actual artists like how it use to.
It used to be good back when limewire was still going but it is like a relic from a analogue era
Can't download anything in United States. Thanks Dumpf
Has limited songs/albums and even artists in search.
Its a good music app. Would like if you guys could do an update.
I like it cause I can download a lot of stuff
It's awesome! I always find what I'm looking for. Keep up the good work!
It won't download more than a couple of songs then it won't work for a couple of days please fix
It sucks I can't download anything anymore
It won't let me download  any music
This is a good app, but it is really slow at downloading😂
It finds some, not all my songs
What more could you want?  Music..  Well you got it now.  :)
U can find the music u looking for
I think this app sucks eggs tbh
Love it I got a lot of music I couldn't get from any other music downloaders
It gets all the songs I love you should get it really good I love this app
Doesnt hav all the songs i want
Awesome app I can download music or tv or anything I like it's pretty awesome
Best music app for android phones the only music app I use for any phone I  get love it
Nice app I use offend.
Make it to u don't have to have internet to download
I can find any song that I'm looking for on it
It didn't have any songs on the app
Works great! Always connected to IPVanish before using the downloader. Piece of mind....
Great app, just wish you could listen to song before downloading it.
Downloaded 1 song and after that "no result found"👎
i searched for 5 songs, couldn't find any of it :(
Usually downloads with ease, so have no issues with it WHAT-SO-EVER!
I love because it get the best song and the newest to jam to thank you frostwire
Great way to share music.Easy to use,a little slow sometimes.
Excellent, haven't had any issues whatsoever
I do very much like this app.
It's good but doesn't have plenty songs So do something
Can download full ablums at once. Album art.
I don't like that I can't hear the song first
Good App. Its like when you purchase a song, its like I tunes
You can find any song
It would be better if I could find more albums from the artists I like
You can never find anything u are looking for on this app I would never recommend
I love this app it lets you download any music and listen to it anytime you want
Love this app!!! It's very easy to use and has a ton of music to choose from.
Good app. Plenty of songs. Best download app I've used in the age of smart phones.
This needs a preview option,no other issues I have found
Don't have everything I want
Great place to find music if you don't mind digging a bit
Great App!! Definitely a must for music freaks
I used to love it. But now it's seems I can't find nothing with it
Such an amazing app easy to use and has almost any artist and any song.
I usually find any song.
I love it is the best app ever
Best on the market, can't find the music you want anywhere else
I can't find that. Much music but I still can still listen to songs I love
A very distinct app, really makes it easy to download music.
Great app I like how it works and operates keep up the good work
Can find every song from any genre I want.  It's great!!!
I always find what im looking for and it gives me the album cover sometimes
I love it but can u add a listening to the music part plz
Been using FrostWire for years.
Great quality music and has most of the songs im looking for and like to download
It is pretty good just mite wanna get rid of some adds
You can almost download any music you want with no disruption
Works like they say
I'm still just learning this app but I love it so far!
It's the most kills def, ya feel
Not much songs are available
The BEST app ever you can download music super easy👌👌
The bestvway to download movies
I can always find what I am looking for and download very easy and fast
Downloaded and couldn't find a single song app is junk keep scrolling
Yes, you guys rock!
Needs more knowed artists
Garbage end of story
This app is everything !💖
Anything that i want its on here
Sux enuff said
I like this app a lot.
Love it! I can download songs and listen to music. Thanks for this app.
Great app. Easy to use and most useful on long road trips
Needs accurate description and artists songs! Not just recently songs either
Works great but sometimes it don't want to download some songs
Really like it so far.
It's amazing a great app for you guys to get I love it
Tedious but fun
its the best. im very happy i can fine my songs
used the old limewire....find this app similar.
Couldn't live one single day without it 😘😘😘
Doesn't always download
Great for some people who don't have data all the time!
I wish it had more country pther than that its awsome!!
Great app. Has every song or album that I'm looking for
Could live without the ads, but I'm too broke
So far, I've found everything I've searched for with good results.
Daaaaammmnn this the best app ever ^.^ Thank you so much 😚
Not to shabby. Like it
It could be better but for free can't complain
I love it so much. It works perfectly for me. Great app.
Works great has alot of songs an artist fast an easy...
It's nice but my storage became full
Good ap for music, need good wifi for quicker downloads
Well it works when you need it!  Well done to developers! ✋👋😊👍😂
Wow best music downloader 5 star⭐ all the way
I get all my music from here.  Its pretty good.
Works great. Easy to use and give good quality music
It could be better but it's a damn good app frfr
Love it! Here you can ACTUALLY download music for free!
Hands down the best app for downloading anything you want!!
Always been great! Excellent for hard to find remixes.
Forever Frostwire!!
Frostwire is an OG for all of us music fans..... Great transition to app
I can find most of the songs I am looking for on it! Love it!
This is the beat appp ever i must say im impressed
It is tight they have old and new songs and movies
So far I am able to the music I love. Kool
It is good but it does not have every song
good just wish I could play the music first
All the files come thru with album art and I loves it
Don't work
Great app except for the ads, though I understand why.
Keep up the good work. Thank you for the fixes. 10/10
One of the best app to download hi res music file..
I've had every version of FrostWire through the years I love it...
Bestest thing ever
Music is my Remedy
Got most flicks
Does what it says it will
It downloads music
It works for me
I like this site
Needs more music
Used all the time
I can u
I like this app
I like the app
Great!!! You can download full music albums for free.
It works better than the rest. Good stuff for humans.
we just need to be able to dowload more videos when we search for it
I love this app get it I have over athousand  albums
Best app I found so far for the music I like
Its the best mp3, music downloader out there.
Love it! I get all my music here.
Easy toto use. It has every song i was looking for.
Really good,everything i've looked for ,i have found.
Great app finds almost everything I'm looking for
It's all right could expand on collection a bit
Easy to use and has all the songs that I look for.
It's okay but it still need some work on
Totally fast. Takes up very little space
It is a great source for music listening & downloading! Thanks
Great app. Just wish it had less ads
Great has almost every song I want.
It's ok
Great for downloading and listening to music offline and for free !
Doesn't download
I have found all the great music I LOVE
Good app has most songs you looking for:/
Best app for both searching and downloading torrents 👍
Its easy to use and free I like it😊😉
It is pretty good music downloading app.
Best music apps downloader that i ever used.
Great app just needs newer music 🎶
I always find exactly what song I'm looking for
Won't load
I love how I can listen to any song I want
I think it's a great app I really like it
This app is nothing but a waste of time
Good looking out need some songs
I put this app on every device I own. I love it.
It's okay
Takes me back to good old day
Ads I can live with and music I love.
It have all the album that I was looking for
The best bit torrents out there
Great app most songs easily found
All I wanted to do is download music
Great but can be great to many adds
Good for downloading music for my Samsung fon
Awesome works really well for a music app
Good fo when im at no wifi places
Easy to use and has pretty much everything i need....
Ex~cell~ent!
Starting to like this...
I love this app...this is my one of my favourite app..Its amazing app...
Thank you for doing a great job!
It's a good movie download it's really awesome
Works very well. Great app!
Always has the songs I'm looking for.... Easy to use Interface....
Still the best
Its a great app especially for downloading.
the best so far & no problems so far either.
Amazing work, true artworks insperation
Very quick to search and download music.
Great app. Its got everything i want.
I love this app y'all should get it
It's a great way to listen to music
It's ok
The best,  glad it is on Android platform
Works great, thanks dudes at frostwire
It's ok
Easy to download,. Kudos to this app:')
Cool way to share personal files.
Honestly, best quality music ever
Love it, they have every song
I love this app
It kinda works😂😂😂
Pretty damn good
Great site love the music here.
I absolutely love it
I is awesome I found every song that I look for
Good app. A lot of choices
Very good app I love it.
Great app for downloading & offline playing.
I love it but the name of the app
It is the best music app😊!
I love my Frost wire
its good n nice app.
Great up using all the time
Easy to use and best music downloader
Its a good app too use
Awesome app for music I love it
good stuff just try it out
Its A good music App
This app is very fast and efficient
Luv it has so many reoults
Ease of use and large search scope
I love it so much it fun
Great to use for single song downloads
They have the songs available for download
I love this app and it works!
Great app and easy to use!
Wide selection of movies. Awesome!!
Can get better
Best I've ever found!
Bugs still
It's perfect and it's easy to use and fun to use
B day
Music more
Finding it all
Abortion of an app
It OK
I like it
I like it
It sucks
kkk sss www
Its ok
Just Wow
thank you
So far so good!
Keep 100
I like it
Best music app ever
This is the one! I love it!
good app to get music from!!
Sample. Its very good and useful.
It's Good productive and useful
The BEST  Hands down..trust!!
Bad app
Useless rubbish
No good
Worst update
I love this app it's the best
I love it i really do.
Works great. Thank You
It's Awesome Very useful
Love It.
Need more variety  I'm
It's so easy to use
I Love It!
Totally top notch!
Great music downloader!
Great app no problem
I 😍 it I showed all my friends and they loved it 😁😍😍😍😍😍
Very nice MP3 app
Best out there now
Best music downloader ever
I love this app it the best
Best torrent site ever
So far so good
Love this app thank you
So far so good
Best music app there is
I like it works great
its a really good app
Great app and glad to have it
Not bad will recommend
Great app easy to use
I love it easy to use
Great app really awesome
Very good and quick downloads
Best app for movie download
It is so good thanks
It a nice music app
User friendly and easy to use
This app is great omg
Love to listen to music on this app
I love you're mom, ok?
The best web site
Cool for me go cavs
Free and easy (with a VPN)
It's a wonderful app.
LA LA LA looooove it
It's good Thanks for,
It's decent for downloads
Its 😎
Its 👍
Best app ever!!!
Great downloader app.
Hate it.
Great piece of art.
It's fast and easy
Very easy to use.
It's a great app
It's  really good
The best I 💘 it
It's a good app
I think it's amazing 😗😍😘😀😁😃😄
It's a cool app
Best Downloader App..!!!
Love it #CannonCash23 #migramunityfamily
Best music downloader ever!!!!!!
This app is awesome!!!!
Great App !
Love It !!
Quick and easy!
I'm
Awesome App!!
Works great!!
Highly highly recommended
Lot of good songs
It is a amazing app
So far i love it
Best music downloader
I just love it
Best music app
Pretty good app
It is the best music
Great music app
Best anything doenloader
Love it works great
Best song downloads
The best apps
Absolutely love frostwire
It is an excellent app
I LOVE this app
Great music app
