内容
PLEASE fix the app.  Every time I open a link it is asking me which browser I want to use.  I select the option to stop asking me that but it is not working.  VERY frustrating as I am NOT downloading chrome.    The new update looks like Yahoo mail.  The app was simple, elegant before.  The red bar across the top is awful to look at.  The large identification buttons on the left are unnecessary- I can see who sent it the way it originally was AND they make the overall font too small to read.    Please go back to the prior version.  Want to update it? When I search for an email that I know is in my account, actually have it show up in the search results. 
Every time I click on a link inside an email it asks me if I want to open Safari or Chrome. Even when I slide the “Ask me which app to use every time” to the off position it still continues to prompt me. Annoying.
It already annoyed me after every update when I click on a link in an email it asks me whether I want to use chrome (which I don’t have) or safari and then I have to deselect ask me every time. Well now even when I deselect that to save my safari choice, it is still asking me everytime I click on a link, which is often. I don’t have chrome and I don’t want chrome so fix this bug that keeps asking me and it would also be lovely if after every update it doesn’t go back to asking me and is smart enough to know I don’t have chrome so let it go.
Every time I click on a link, the gmail app makes me choose between Safari and Chrome, even after flipping the “don’t ask this again” switch. Please fix this.
This app helps you secure your email even more than ever. It has all you need from the web browser of Gmail but better. It's a lot easier to link all of your phone media to your unlimited cloud that it provides for FREE! Gmail has a lot of options in this app to secure your email to prevent hacking and lets you link your iCloud and helps back up your phone to save space on your device. I trust this app to use with all of my important email :) I love it. Thank you!
With the utmost respect, friends, if this app asks me ONE MORE TIME whether I want to use Safari or Chrome, I am literally deleting it and never using it again.   Even when I turn off ‘ask me every time’—which, WHO IN THE WORLD would choose such an obnoxious option?!—it asks me every single time ANYWAY. As someone whose motor skills are lacking on touch screen devices, not being able to turn off an unnecessary step that prevents me from accessing information is unacceptable.   Please, PLEASE fix this. I know you want to encourage Chrome use, but there HAS to be a better way. 
Every time I open a link in Gmail, it now asks me if I want to use Chrome or Safari. Chrome isn’t installed and every time I toggle the “Ask me which app to use every time” to off. WHY DO YOU STILL ASK ME EVERY TIME?!
When I open up the app, the email I'm automatically on changes from unread to read. The same happens when I change between the tabs (primary, social, etc).  The important email indicators don't show and when you select multiple emails they don't show which ones are selected on the right anymore. But what really irritates me is they automatically download emails so you can look at them without internet, taking up space on my device. There REALLY needs to be a setting for that so I can turn it off! 
Every time I open a link from an it asks me if I’d like to open it in safari or install google chrome. I choose safari and toggle the “do not ask me again”. It won’t save my request and asks me EVERY time. It’s something so small, but I’ve never had the problem before and I’m finding it very annoying.
Super easy to switch from account to account!  Easy to send emails.  Everything you could ask from just one app!
Above
Every freaking time. I don’t want the Chrome app. I uncheck “ask every time.” I still get  asked EVERY. TIME. Change this.
Overall I like the app. It's still a little confusing however when it groups your messages into a thread especially if you want to move them into folders or wherever.
I keep clicking not to ask me again, yet it does. Over and over. Please fix.
Great app, EXCEPT that lately it has been asking me which browser I want to use when i click on a link EVERY TIME, even when I toggle “don’t ask me every time.” Very annoying. Please fix.
Love the app on my phone. I like the ease of navigating between different gmail accounts. Simple and easy, yet smart and intuitive.
As of the last update there seems to be a problem , every time I try to read my emails the app does not work it’s just friezes and won’t let me read my emails
This new version will not load my email when I’m on wifi
Every time I try to open a link in an email it sends a pop-up to ask if I want to open the link with Chrome or another app...I don’t have Chrome nor am I looking to download it, so I choose the other app.  It has a little switch at the bottom of that pop up saying “ask me which app to use every time” and you can supposedly turn it on or off.  Except it makes no difference.  EVERY. SINGLE. TIME I want to open a link I have to deal with this obnoxious pop-up!!  It’s beyond annoying!! I’m going back to Apple mail...
Great app!! Always work fine.
Stop automatically sorted my mails into folders. And especially stop asking me to choose a browser each time I tap a link DESPITE ME TOGGLING THAT OPTION OFF EVERY SINGLE MF’ing time. Yeah. Thanks.
App now refuses to respect “don’t prompt me every time” on the install chrome nags upon URL click and instead nags every single time a URL is clicked. Very intrusive behavior.
If this had 3D Touch to preview emails it would be perfect.
After the latest update, every time I follow a web link, Gmail asks me if I want to install Chrome.  I have turned off the "ask me every time" option, but it continues to ask me anyway.  I also checked the main settings page for Gmail, but do not see any way to get it to stop asking me about Chrome. While I am happy overall with Gmail, this new behavior is intolerable.  Please fix it! 
I use Google for most of my email, however, an annoying pop-up occurs promoting the Chrome browser every time I attempt to open a link within an email. If I attempt to turn off the, “ask me every time,” option, the window disappears before I can select my preferred browser. I’m left in a conundrum. NO - I DON’T WANT THE CHROME BROWSER! This issue was fixed once, but apparently some marketing wanna-be has their finger in the pie again...
thanks
Could be better, but the worst is that it asks if I want to install Chrome or use Safari every time I go to a web link in an email. NO! I don’t want to install Chrome.
Got tired of deleting 20 trashy emails a day and a friend advised me to truly Gmail. Wow! What a difference. No junk or SPAM!    Thanks Goggle
I have recently connected an IMAP email to the app and I love the new feature.   Unfortunately there is a bug that constantly says I have unread mail (I'm referring to the red "1" next on the top right of the app icon). I've checked multiple times to see if I have unread mail but to no avail.   I hope this can be fixed because I otherwise love the app. 
I have had Microsoft yahoo aol and countless amount of other types of email addresses that I can't even remember. But the only one that I always go back to its gmail it's the only one that does it all for me
They told me to write a review. Here it is, it shows my emails and I like that it does the basic necessities.
Solid, functional email reader. I use it every day. Minor quibbles: an UNDO button would be nice and swiping while reading did not do what I expected.
Or remove the app.
so much better than the iphone email that your iphone comes with!
It is very good  Thanks google 
Always used it and always will
I expect an email client to be able to attach local files or files available via connected file management services. I am unable to do this with this app, unless I download an additional 163mb’s worth of a buggy Google Drive app. But even with that bloated extra app it won’t let me transfer the file I am trying to attach to Drive from my local storage. Its 2018 and I cannot use Gmail on my iPad to reply to an email with an attachment stored on my iPad.   Seriously Google? 
It does what Google promised.
App keeps asking me which app with which to open a link even though I unclicked “ask me every time.”  I don’t want to use Chrome.
It now always asks me which browser to use.   Stop trying to force Chrome on us. 
I am 10 and I use this app it is so good!🙂 It is not slow at all. I use it all the time and never have had a problem with it at all! I rated it a 5 star because it is AMAZING!!!!!👍🏻👍🏻 If you are looking for a good app for email I recommend this app!
Will no longer open links without an annoying question that reappears every time, no matter how you’ve answered previously. This needs to be fixed ASAP.  Also, can’t print an attachment on iPhone form the app. 
It’s bad enough that google periodically asks me to use chrome when I already have a perfectly good browser. Now it seems the toggle to opt out of being asked to download chrome is broken, so every time I click on a link I’m asked. Deeply irritating.
Please I want the house call me at 252767-6611 ask for Jennifer.
I was having trouble getting my emails through the apple app so I got this one. Now I have the conversation view to deal with. If you have a long string of emails it’s extremely difficult to read through them. There doesn’t seem to be a way to turn this off on the app. Please fix this!
Great app for everyday necessity
I use gmail for everything and this app made it more flexible for me.  The only i am not happy is that i cannot select from files app in ios directly to attach in gmail email. If gmail can work with this feature it will be more helpful for users like me.
I get notifications fine but when I go to check the email it won't let me read them and says "something went wrong. Try again later." I want to access my inboxes. I've been able to read and send messages but only sometimes. Does this have to do with the "new version" I downloaded? Come on google.
Every time I select a link in an email, I’m asked if I want to Get Chrome. My answer is NO and I move the slide to not ask again, yet it always does. Sick of it! Getting ready to delete the app and use Apple Mail. Maybe I should just use Safari all the time!
It’s very annoying how I have to delete the notifications from YouTube or promotions one by one and I can’t just click “clear all” it takes up a lot of space and it’s very tedious. Plz change it so everything can delete at once thank you
Great app on my iPhone X
Even though I uncheck the box (which is in itself a bit misleading), I’m prompted every time I open a link to choose between Safari and Chrome.  I used to use Chrome but prefer Safari, so can the app please stop asking me to download and open links in Chrome? 
Great app
I like the google ❤️🌹🙋‍♂️
Since the last update, every time I click a link in an email I am asked which browser I want to use. Every time I press the option to not be asked again. Then I’m asked again. Please stop.
Stop asking me if you want me to open Chrome or Safari every time I open an attachment. The slider is selected to “do not ask me every time” yet this app continues to do so. Super annoying.
Gmail app keeps asking me whether I want to open a webpage in Chrome or Safari, even though I don’t have Chrome and I’ve unchecked the box that says to ask me every time. It’s very annoying.
Open links in Safari as I have set for my preferences, why on Earth do you force multiple pages just to get links opened up in a real browser?
Update: The design is better, but now the app asks me if I want Chrome instead of Safari EVERY SINGLE TIME. Yes, even when the “ask me every time” switch is off. VERY annoying. Get it through your heads, I don’t need another browser on my iPhone.   Original review: The design is loud and confusing, but I probably would have gotten used to it. However, basic cut-copy-paste between Gmail and, say, IPhones Notes DOESN'T WORK. Could it be because Google also sells a phone?  Also the image attachment puts the image right into the message... so unprofessional and 1990s. But since Google convinced everyone including me that their mail is most secure (doubtful), there's no motivation to go back to the better or offer these as preferences. I'm disappointed but not surprised 
So organized, so simple and you receive your email quickly unlike the mail on your iPhone. Highly recommended.
Free good app
I love this app wherever I am I can check my mail.
I have no unread emails or anything yet I have a persistent badge notification.
Made switching from a long term organizational e-mail to my own personal absolutely seamless, zero data loss! Totally excellent!
Very easy to use and navigate
Ok. Enough is enough. When opening links from gmail I constantly get prompted to ask to open them through chrome.   Every time I move the slider that says "Ask me every time" to "No". So please, stop asking me every time.  TL;DR: I'm pretty sure the app isn't persisting the setting through app updates, which seems something like once a week. 
Works good and still working good but of course it’s not going to not be bad because it just sends you emails sooo...😂
The latest update was the straw that broke this Camel’s back.  I hope the programmers responsible get fired. Looking for an alternate.  Very user unfriendly. A piece of s@#t.
No matter how many times I check off “don’t ask me again” about if I want to use google chrome or safari when I click an email link, I am asked again. And again. And again. Please fix this. I can’t be the only one noticing this. This is ruining the app.
I’ve never had any problems and it works great for me.
Functions well as promised no complaints so far
Whenever I tap to open a link, it asks what app I want to use. I keep telling it to not ask every time and it still does so. This wasn’t a problem earlier! Help!
With trolling, cyber bullying, and cyber stalking becoming more common, I’m baffled that this app doesn’t show any option to block emails from a particular individual. I’m being harassed nonstop by my an ex and have gone to the police. I’d feel a lot safer if I could stop his harassing emails from coming through. It’s to the point where I no longer log onto my gmail account. I’ve missed a few important emails, but avoiding even seeing his name show up is becoming a more attractive option. PLEASE, I’m begging you to add a blocking feature on your app for all those who are going through the same nonstop harassing.
I originally had my college email added on the app for easy access. After the app automatically updated, my college email was removed and says "account cannot be found" when I try to add it again. Slightly aggravated at the moment.
I’ve this email for my personal use as well. I never have any problems nor issues with gmail.
The latest version 5.0.180122 (Feb 2018) has the browser selection bug, where the selection screen (iOS safari vs Chrome) keeps popping up for every link, even after selecting “do not ask me again”
This app is so much better than iOS’s native Mail app, but with the last update it prompts me to choose a default browser every time I tap a link, even though I turn off the switch. This is the worst and I will go back to using mail if you don’t fix it asap.
My only issue with gmail for iOS is that I cannot turn off conversation view, which I despise. I've decided to move to an app that gives me control over that "feature".
I have been using this app for along time. I’m not a fan of all the different inboxes, but now that I’ve got that set to all mail, I can live with it.  After the latest update, however, every time I click a link in an email, a prompt pops up asking if I want to get Chrome or open the link in Safari. I switch the slider to NOT ask me every time, but I still get the pop-up EVERY time.  Please fix it. 
It good
This app works great on my IPhone.
Asks everytime no matter what if I want to open links in Chrome. Well guess what I don't. Then it still doesn't open in Safari! Really ready to dump this.
Though not perfect, still the best mail box there is.
Useful app for everyday, i like google! I love google!
Gmail is a fairly good email app. It has some bad options that the app does not give you good instructions on how they work. It needs to get fixed many way, but it does do a lot of things that a mail app needs to do for you.
Works great
Very good features and dependable app. However, it would be better if they could develop an easier view to be able to keep up with email threads & also leave the signature block in view with all replies.
Amazing
I use Gmail on all of my apple devices. I struggled with Apple’s Mail application for years until I switched to Gmail. I love the simplistic yet versatile design and the way that it connects with my Google Calendar app to create appointments. I am always able to keep all of my mail organized and reference it later. A nice, simple way to keep on top of my email.
Gmail is my favorite mailbox.
Every single time I click on a link in an email in this app, it asks me if I want to open it in Chrome (which I don’t have) or safari. Even if I switch off the “ask me this every time” option! Why even have the option of you’re just going to ignore it and nag me to use chrome every time? So annoying.
Whenever I click a link in my Gmail app, it always asks if I want to open the link in Safari or Chrome, which I don’t have, even though I’ve repeatedly clicked the “don’t ask me anymore” toggle. My app and OS are up to date.
The new version asks me to download Chrome every. time. I. tap. a. link.  No matter how many times I tell it to default to Safari and not as again.  Extremely frustrating. Robs me of what joy there is in reading my mailing lists. 
Even if I uncheck the ask me everytime box, every time I click a link it asks me what browser I want to open in. Please fix this. Thanks
When I tap a link, the "which app do you want to use" window (aka the "we want you to download Chrome and will annoy you to death about it" window) always comes up-even after I tell the app not to ask me every time about which app to use. It's like the app isn't registering the preference at all. Please fix this.
Stop asking me which application to open my links with even after I turn off “ask me every time”. I don’t have chrome and it’s really annoying for it to keep asking for me to use an app I don’t have.
I love this app I’ve been using it for a while now and it’s the best email account I’ve ever had!
Excelente app
Great app, except for one key feature. Coming from iOS this feature is almost a deal break. Why can’t you add an event from gmail directly to google colander? I know I can select a setting that adds alll events to the calendar, but nobody wants that. Yo should easily be able to add individual events to your calendar.
Great app easy to use....
Me gusta mucho este app tengo todos mis correos en el
Love it, Just wish it had the option for my own notification sound. Please as this option
I like the app.  It works really well. No problems until an upgrade at some point and it asks me if I want to download and use Chrome every time I try to open an attachment instead of Safari. I select not to ask me again and choose safari but it asks me every time anyway.
the BEST app for organizing mail. instantly puts promotions & social in a separate folder from primary so that you see the most important emails first!! 10/10 would recommend!!
This is stupid. Why can’t you just send a video or photo directly to you camera roll. You need to add that in if you update it. It would be really helpful
Why is it that I can’t view all gmail account(s) messages in one screen. In android I can view all my inbox messages from different gmail accounts at one time. Why doesn’t the iOS version have this option?
Can you please put a feature in the mobile app that allows you to delete all your emails at once, cause I have over 300+ total emails in gmail account and it’s causing my phone to move slower. It’s just tiring to hold down an email to delete it and I wish you could hold down an email and choose to delete all emails that are read/unread. Thank you very much.
This app is so great for iPhone! Much more efficient than the mail that's pre-programmed. Has almost all the capabilities of desktop. Great app!
I hate that I continuously receive spam emails in my primary inbox. There doesn’t seem to be a way to block the sender with the app or online. I report it as spam and then within the hour or so, there is another email from the same address. Also, every time I adjust the setting for the app to stop asking me about downloading Chrome, it resets and asks me again. If I wanted  to download or use Chrome, I would. Please fix this!
Seriously?!
It asks if you want to open a link in chrome or safari and if you tongle the switch to the on or off position it still freaking asks you🙄🙄
I have never had a complaint about this app since i started to use it 4 years ago. If you have a gmail account get the app!
The latest version of this app, on the iPad, changed how/when the app automatically marks a message as "read". Now it automatically and wrongly marks messages as "read" whenever I switch folders, and I have to manually hit the "Mark as unread" button all the time, to leave messages for later reading. Big step backwards, and very annoying!
I click a link, a dialog box appears asking if I would like to open Safari or download Chrome, with a slider asking if I would like to avoid seeing this dialog in the future. I slide it. I still get asked EVERY SINGLE TIME if I would like to download Chrome, wink wink. I give up. This is a nice app but that dialog box is horrible.
This app works really smoothly, let’s me keep up with multiple accounts at a time, auto-categorizes my emails, and doesn’t really have anything from the full web version it of gmail that it does not do.
Gmail play the role to change the world
Excellent app!... My only complaint is that there is no option to download pictures in Spam messages, so I’m not able to see them. Even though they are Spam messages, sometimes you want to see the pictures of offers and ads. Apparently this issue only affects the iOS version of the app, not the Android one.
Would be a lot easier just to slide to the left and delete unwanted emails
I’ve had gmail for a long time. I love personalized categories, and the ease of deleting promotional email. It’s great for staying organized and super user friendly.
Why are you trying to use dinosaur email accounts still?
I like it because it’s helpful
Would be very nice idk why that's so hard.
The new update continues to be extremely glitchy. If it asks me one more time which browser I’d like to open (which every time I ask it not to ask me anymore) I’m Deleting the app and getting another one of the many mail apps out there. 
Gmail app is really cool...
Reliable and well-designed email app for iOS. Using on iPhone and iPad. Works great. ★★★★★ ✰✰✰✰✰ ✯✯✯✯✯ ✰✰✰✰✰ ★★★★★
I said I don't want it asking me each time and that I want it to use Safari.  It asks me each and every time whether I want to download Chrome (I don't - I use it on my PC but don't want it here). Then it doesn't use Safari anyway but the hamstrung version that they have internal to the app rather than just opening Safari like I asked.  It's getting to the point where I avoid using gmail on my iPad and just use it via a browser on a PC or my MacBook. 
Very organized. Minimal spam. Organized and not invasive!
How else can you manage a gmail if not via this app, I honestly think it is a necessity. Great job guys✌🏾
app failing on iPhone 8+
The best, love the app
Despite this being in unchecked, I still get asked every time.
I don't read all my email, so I wish the badge could be set to show only new unread mail.
Great app. I only wish google would add the option of swiping one way to archive, and the other way to delete, so I could deal with 99% of my mail even faster.
Much better than the iPhone mail app. I still have to go back to the computer to do som things. If the app were able to those things then it would be great! 
Gmail is awesome it let's me add all my gmail accounts it even keeps things organized. It keeps social separate and promotion separate.👍
I am not pleased with the new email format. It has allowed ads into my lists of emails and I do not like the intrusion. This is not benefitting me. Goggle must be making a lot of money allowing these ads to sneak into my personal space!
This is a terrible email client. You cannot turn off conversation mode and it does not recognize html links as originating from a mobile device. The Yahoo or Outlook clients are much more robust and user friendly. 
Gmail allows you use gmail search terms whichbisbfar better than mail.app however looking at subject lines from your iwatch isn't well supported.  For example you can't add gmail as a gadget in some of the watch faces.   Threading user interface is way better than mail app.
I don’t want to be asked what browser to use every time that’s why I flip the toggle. How does is this even become a problem.
Every time I click a link in an email, it prompts to download Chrome or open in Safari. I tell it to not ask every time, but it still prompts every single time. Uninstalling and switching back to Mail.
But hey, it’s google.   Report spam functionality is broken. Have to report each message twice. 
Life’s hard on the streets with an iPad. Apple forces all third party makers to bind to their will. And so google does and appreciatively works between my first generation iPad and my second one flawlessly. Thank you google.
This app allows me to keep using my gmail since I recently switched from android to iOS... I was excited to see apple had this app.
Love this app except for when I click on links inside an email. Gmail always asks which browser I’d like to use (Chrome or Safari) with a switch to “not ask every time”. I don’t have Chrome on my device and I keep selecting that switch to not ask me every time and yet I get asked every time!  This is very annoying. Please fix!
Final version keeps asking whether I want to use Safari or install Chrome to open links. Do not ask again doesn’t work - very annoying.
Trashes the very mail I’m notified! Stupid!
No 3D Touch, no Apple Watch intégration. The look and feel is just awkward on iPhone
.
This is good for school because I can see what my assignments are in google classroom without having to go through all my classes.
Notifications don’t work. If you have multiple email accounts it will only notify you when you get an email on whatever account you had open last. Apples mail app will notify me when any of my email accounts have a message. I wish I could take the best features of both mail apps and then combine hem to make a good mail app.
Today’s upgrade added new bugs, making its use so unpleasant, I am deleting the app and using the web version.  One bug is probably considered a feature: automatically marking a message as read when the message above it is deleted.  I prefer to mark them when I read them, not when the system automatically opens them.  The second bug is that it asks me which browser to use every time I click a link in the message, even though I told it (repeatedly) not to ask me every time.  The previous version worked well, though I wanted auto-opening when using my tablet in portrait.  It, too, had a bug: jumping messages in my queue.  When loading many messages, it would often balk and skip from the next in line to older messages from weeks, months, or years ago. 
Over the past month or so I have been getting emails that are clearly spam. I mark it as such, and the next day I will get the exact same email in my primary inbox again. I get at least two different spam emails a day, from different addresses that are very clearly sketchy. Rinse and repeat.
A best source of way to enjoy email
I’ve happily used Gmail for years, but suddenly the app keeps going “offline” on my iPhone even though I am connected to WiFi. I can access through Apple Mail, but not the app itself. Restarting it or doing a hard reset makes it work for awhile and then it doesn’t. I’m using the latest Apple and Gmail updates, but it’s still glitching.
It works ok, but if I click a web link in an email I get the pop up asking which browser to use, and the little switch for don’t ask again doesn’t seem to do a thing. Not the first time this has happened, but went away for a bit and has now returned. Still not great but better than most other apps for multiple accounts, just a bit too clunky to be called decent
After the update, links in emails keep prompting me which application to use to open them, even after deselecting the radio button to prompt whether or not it should keep asking
Great functionality and customization. Using the app for years. One thing I wish I had the option to turn off forever: please stop asking me if I want to open a link in Chrome or Safari. Please stop flipping the “ask my every time” switch back on after an update. I get you’re trying to push the Chrome app, but it’s really annoying that Gmail pretends to give users the option to turn off this suggestion. Can users just be free to enjoy two systems separately without being pestered to please try this other app, please?
It's more user friendly than my iPhone's mail app but it lacks a feature that I use all the time on the desktop version: the ability to create a new folder under a parent folder to move emails to. The whole reason I love Gmail is because it lets me archive and organize all my emails. If they added this feature to the app it would be a 5 star app for me!
No matter how many time I deselect “ask me which app to use every time” the app keeps asking me if I want to install Chrome. And what a deceptive way to word the help text for a switch.   Gmail also continues to ask for reviews and ratings in app even after I have turned off In-App Ratings & Reviews in Settings. 
Google really listened to the users and added a lot of the requested features that were missing from the app.  That made me now uninstall Edison Mail and go back to the Gmail app.  Way to go Google!  A few things I'd love to see in future updates:  1. The option to choose different sounds for notifications instead of the default one.  A different sound for each account would be even better!  2. Swipe to delete individual messages in the Trash folder.   3. An option to collapse nested labels on the sidebar instead of displaying a long list.  4. An option for a unified inbox that shows all my accounts on the same inbox page, and even an option for "All archives", "All Sent", "All Trash" (like in the native iPhone Mail app). 
Two updates ago, the gmail app "forgot" I choose to use Safari to open links.  No big deal, I thought, I’ll slide the "Ask me which app to use every time" slide, pick Safari, and all will be the same.  WRONG, it still kept asking.  Then there was another update which followed soon after.  "Aha!"I thought, they discovered that new-introduced "which browser" bug.  But NO!!  Still, no matter what I do, every time I go to open a link in an email, I have to select Safari.  Please, Google, give up.  You are not going to badger me into downloading Chrome..  you may convince me to stop using gmail though. 
Extremely slow download. This app is glitchy all the time.
Works well so far. Only complaint is that it is not available for download on the Apple Watch. Please make the gmail app available for Apple Watch
Keeps on asking me if I want to use Safari or get Chrome when I click a URL. It asks me even when I unselect the “Ask me every time” toggle. I only use this for notifications now and use the stock iOS mail app.
The most recent updates all lack a comma “,” key in the keyboard when typing in address bar. So if you type in addresses that are not located inside of your gmail server you can not use a comma to separate them. How do you type multiple addresses that don’t automatically populate?
I’m loving the app - and it just keeps getting better!
Something needs to done about Coming up with a fix as part of an Email provider app.  The cost and nonsense factor are A killer.  Please consider   Dd 
Every time I toggle "ask me which app to use Everytime" to off and select safari, Gmail turns that back on and asks me again if I wanna use chrome. I don't wanna use chrome stop pushing it on me.
I don’t want chrome.
I love Gmail. I definitely recommend it. The app is very easy to use and is always up to date.
Consolidation of threads is annoying and can't change this setting
I would definitely recommend it to others
Once more, Google has "updated" this app without any real changes, as they've been doing almost weekly. The only real impact of this is that the pile of negative reviews immediately become reviews of "previous versions".  I'm really confused why Google's designers seem to think we paid for a big screen so that massive expanses of it can display plain white. The most recent versions display less than 2/3 as many email headers or email text as before at the same font size, requiring a ridiculous amount of scrolling with no increased readability. It's very similar to the absolutely amateurish design update they did to Google Calendar.  One of the more obnoxious changes is an inability to prevent automatic loading of images in messages. This allows spammers to confirm they have an active address and to know your rough location for their databases.  Until several months ago, this was a five star app. The last several updates have removed vital functionality. In addition, they seem to be releasing a new update every couple of days with no noticeable changes, in what I can only assume is an attempt to minimize the impact of all be bad reviews (very few of them will then be for the "current version"). Google should be deeply ashamed of its shoddy work on this app. 
Unlike the desktop version, the gmail app forces all messages into threads. This makes it very difficult to read and track replies, especially in group conversations. Also, if you try to delete one message in the thread, all related messages are deleted. This app really needs improvement.
The bubbles don’t disappear in a timely manner or sometimes at all. It’s been a problem for a very long time.
“Ask me which app to use every time “ toggle switch for Chrome or Safari isn’t working. I have to fool with it each and every time... Grrrrrr! Otherwise, good app.
I use the app sparingly and only then because of how it interfaces with my Gmail account. The app would be one of, if not the best for email if you could turn off the inane and infuriating conversation view.  Google offers the option to turn off conversation view on the web version of Gmail but continues to ignore hundreds of thousands of complaints and requests from users for several years by not making it available on their mobile apps.  Countless users have documented tales of lost emails and important email that they didn’t know they had received because of it was grouped and hidden with other email in a “conversation.” Yet Google has remained defiant in not offering the option to turn off conversation view in their mobile apps.  Google has made numerous “improvements” to the look and feel of this app over the years while ignoring this major issue for so many users.  Most other email apps offer the capability for users to choose to have conversation view on or off. For some reason only Google knows - because they have also refused to give any explanation to their loyal customers - the Gmail app remains a less than viable offering for anyone who doesn’t want to deal with the hassles and vulnerabilities of conversation view. 
This app is not good. Whenever you click on external link, it asks you about browser - with chrome (get) option always! Despite setting dont ask next time and choosing safari over chrome, every time same thing.  Looks like its nothing but chrome pushing tool. 
Email not sending; status just keeps “spinning”
It’s bad enough that the app can’t seem to remember my browser choice between updates. Now it can’t remember my browser choice at all.  I DON’T WANT CHROME STOP ASKING ME. 
What another crappy update!  I don’t want to use Chrome so stop w/ the pop up (to choose a browser).  Back to iMail!
Either of these is needed: 1. Make the menu accessible so checking the number of unread email does not bring me back to the top my emails 2. Show the number of unread email in the email list 3. Make the email content view of ‘unread’ section swipe-able    Obviously, number 3 makes the most sense. 
I like the app, BUT unable to utilize the group feature when sending an email. I have made several groups in my gmail online, but cannot access them on this app. It causes great inconvenience especially when I need to send communications out quickly and without forgetting anyone, so I end up having to wait until I have access to a computer to do so. I’d give this app 5 stars if someone could fix this issue!
If I send an email from my Gmail app on my work iPhone, I can't see that email in my sent box in my personal iPad Gmail app or my work iPad Gmail app or my personal android Gmail app! Even if I send an email from a web browser, it won't show in any of my apps. Seriously!? If I need to review something I've sent, I have to remember which device I had sent it from... Yeah, so not happening. Also, what's with the search functionality? Useless. I've never actually been able to find an email with the search. If you're willing to sort & organize every single email you send and receive, this app is stellar. Otherwise, I'd suggest using your devices native app. And if you have long, detailed email strings, that you need to reference in the future, make sure you've got a computer. The app strings get so convoluted, you can't make heads or tails of them.
Nothing can beat gmail
Please turn off request after I turn it off. It won’t turn it off after I click the toggle to not ask me which browser to use again. It’s  kinda annoying me.
Good app
New layout is faster than the old app, but clunky and missing features. Most importantly, there is no "select all" option. Categories are divided up, and it takes a search just to get to my general inbox instead of "primary." The search algorithm could use some work, and they need to work on what emails they choose to notify me about. Why am I receiving notifications from gmail from my "promotions" folder but when my employer or family members email me I get no notification? Visually, each email takes up way too much room on the screen and the colored logos to the left of each email are an eyesore.
Every single time I click a link this app tries to get me to download chrome. There’s a slider that’s supposed to turn this nag off but it does nothing.
👍very nice
I use this all the time and I enjoy it a lot! It helps me contact my teacher when I get a F on my homework for missing two questions so thanks google for this amazing app and I hope you create more amazing apps!!
I hate that the app doesn’t have a delete all button instead of having to click on every single email
Nobody cares about using Chrome, yet the gmail app asks every time which browser you use as long as you don't select Chrome as the default browser to open links. This is even when I have duly selected "remember this setting. Google is egregious and hypocritical in promoting its own browser and providing a fake "remember to use safari" option.
Please allow option to upgroup conversations!!
With recent update, this app keep asking to open link in Chrome which is very annoying, even after selecting the checkbox not to ask. Not sure if it’s a bug or google trying to push Chrome. This feels like violation of AppStore rule.  Please fix it Gmail team!! 
Until today I had no issues with this app. But apparently it updated last night; now every time I click a link within an email, it asks me if I want to open with Chrome or Safari. I’ve seen this before: I usually just turn off the option to “ask me every time” and keep it moving. But today that option isn’t working. Every time I click a link, it asks me if I want to open in Chrome (which I don’t have and am not interested in getting). I de-select the ask-me option. It’s still asking. I close the app and re-open it. It’s still asking. It’s annoying.   Please fix it. 
Every time they fix this it gets broken again. I want the app to default to Safari when opening links. Doesn’t work. I deleted & re-downloaded the app; still broken.
Absolutely great
I love this app. It keeps my emails organized and I like how easy it is to switch between accounts. My only complaint is that I have a notification sign on the app constantly. I have no read emails but I am always left with a red (1). It is very annoying. Although, this won’t keep me from using the app.
Very very easy usable interface then Apple ios Iphone
Please examine how app runs on 5s. Even after hard restarts updates app has been freezing 1/4 times opened.
It’s really annoying that the badges don’t clear. Let me know when y’all fix that and I will use your app again.
Every email generates to notifications. Dreadfully annoying.
Best email program I’ve ever had
Works very well
New 2018: botches display of critical emails from major finance company - not displaying the entire message without extra effort. Still a horrid interface.  2017 review: Inconsistently purposed buttons compared to rest of Internet app usage of similar buttons.  Minuscule target areas, and when you miss the target you hit a menu that takes you completely out of the current message reading mode.   New version, same results and review. 
I have been using gmail since before it went fully public and have been faithful since. Every new version is better and support is great! Love it and highly recommend it!
Gmail by far is the absolute best email app I have used, and I’ve used a lot of them.  Thx Gmail....
Highly recommend.
I get gmail alerts and notifications in a timely manner.
Why change something when it was working fine? The email automatically “opens” when the cursor moves to the next one on the list...shows as “read” which is not helpful. In the future, please leave things working well alone.  And I am still waiting for an explanation for this: Why is the envelope at the upper right open when the email is unread and closed when the email has been read? Shouldn't it be the opposite, closed until read and open when read? Am I misunderstanding the obvious? 
4 1/2 years ago I got the task of converting 560 people’s email boxes from Outlook with Exchane to Google mail. I asked for the change and I was given three weeks notice once the decision was made. The conversion was smooth and we have been using Google mail ever since.  I have been using email applications since 1989. I do not know exactly when email was invented but that is nearly the beginning of it’s common usage. I’ve managed dozens of email servers and many thousands of email accounts. I have installed, managed, and used more than a dozen different email platforms. Google mail works great!  I can truthfully say that four a half years ago Google Mail did not have all the features that Outlook Mail did. However, I can also truthfully and with the greatest confidence tell you that I have seen Google mail mature every month since. There is constant work going on as Google listens to their customers and makes Google Mail and Google Calendar and all of their other core apps better and better day by day. Outlook has now lost it’s 25+ year lead on Google Mail. Google’s office products are also rapidly improving and very usable for any organization. Look out Microsoft Office!  We now have not only all of our employees, but all of our students using Google Mail on a daily basis. Our school district now has an active 4300 Google Mail accounts. Most of those are used on the rapidly improving Chromebooks running ChromeOS. Look out Microsoft Windows!  Keep up keep up the good work Google friends! 
The one major flaw to the Gmail app is the file sharing capabilities when responding/forwarding mail. The only options available are pictures, recent attachments and Google drive docs.  Why can't we have access to Dropbox & other cloud services like just about every other email app today?! This is the one main issue with Gmaik. Please fix 
This app is fantastic because it doesn’t have any bugs,also it is very modern
Thanks for all your hard work, and thanks for the app!  The only reason why you don’t get the fifth star is because you don’t have group email capabilities on the app like you do on the PC.
I love Gmail, but it just needs a few more features to be perfect. For example, I would love an option to “Select All” in the current folder or search results feed. I would also like to see them bring the “Show Unread” feature to the mobile app. I am aware that you can type in the search bar “is:unread” and even add “in:inbox” and get the same result, but I feel like that is not a difficult folder to add.  Come on Google, make this app perfect. 
It’s great
Update February 2018 Phone number & address hyperlinks function again!  Update July 2017 Recent updates lost short-lived ability to dial phone numbers directly from email message. Back to tedious copy-paste-call.   The reply suggestions are interesting though. Saves about 10 seconds but I'm not sure how I feel knowing that google is parsing and understanding all of my email content.   Update. All of a sudden, I can now edit text in forwarded messages...I had not updated the app, this functionality just appeared on its own...just like in google's map app the nearby traffic widget just stopped working on its own one day. Curious.   Signatures still are not tying into my web gmail settings and are completely unusable for aliases and HTML formatted signatures...which I need for my business use. At least give this functionality to your paying customers!  Also realizing how much I miss the reply & forward buttons at the top of the screen in gmail 4.x.   Many improvements in gmail 5.x but they do not make up for lost features.   Original review:  BEWARE. gmail 5.x is simply rebranded inbox and lacks the same critical features, namely:  -horrendous signature handling. No HTML signatures. No alias specific signatures.  (fixed)-message forwarding limitations. Cannot edit forwarded message.   There's a longer list of reasons I hadn't switched from gmail 4.x to inbox but those are more preferences as opposed to critical requirements to do my work.   The 5.x search improvement is nice but irrelevant since I can no longer use the gmail app for work so I'm now searching for a new mail app for the first time since a native gmail app was introduced.  Disappointed. 
LOve the new app for iPhone, it allows me to manage multiple Gmail accounts with the click of one button!
With the latest update Google still thinks people don't need to print emails. With the latest update, now Google really wants you to load Chrome.  It keeps asking what browser you want to run.  If you try to deselect “ask me each time” it will ignore your selection.  It appears that Google is making this worse each time it updates it.
Love gmail greatest app ever. Google thanks for changing the world . We owe you!
One for Android wasn’t that bad but one for iPhone is the worst email app. The most irritating is that it groups emails with no any logic and there’s no way to turn it off in the app. If I have a conversation with multiple emails I never can find one I need.
Easy to use - performs well.  Stable. Highly reliable.  Almost invisible like all good infrastructure.
Gracias a dios existe Google
This app works fairly well on my iPhone and is simple to navigate. Connects well adapts to other apps and allows for seem less work.
Had not kept up with other cutting edge email applications. Need to add the ability to do more by swiping messages than a single option.
This app works flawlessly. Easy to use and haven’t had any issues in years. Seamless usage across different platforms and operating systems.
One example of this is that only conversational view is available. I have to use Mail to see individual emails.
Been using Gmail for as my email client for years, it’s always been reliable.
Normally I love this app but it keeps crashing, won’t update mail
Please give option to turn off threads!!!!!!! Badge count doesn't reset and my emails don't come through anymore. iOS 11 
Needs a way to create filters (ie to automatically delete emails from certain senders, not sort into folders) on the app! I get so much spam that I don't even want to have to deal with it in a spam folder and I miss this feature from the desktop version!  PS why do you keep renaming your icon file? No need to change that every update, it ruins themes. 
I’ve had this app for awhile. No problems yet. Just now downloaded Google Home app let’s go see how it is :)
Pieces of symmetry!
its good for email, deleting should be easier.
I had signed up with Match.com and soon I was ready to delete my profile.  I searched for ANYTHING that resembled a delete or unsubscribe button, but still unable to get it done!!  The flirts and winks and emails continue to flood my inbox!! Can you please share this info with me as well as the rest of the world?  Thanks...
I love the gmail app! Fantastic, intuitive and fast. Sometimes an email vanishes when I accidentally swipe it, so I need to learn more about that. Overall, great job!!
I really like to be able to use my Gmail Calendar for family events. I use color coding and it integrates with my Outlook calendar for business. The color coding let’s me see who in the family has the event, daughter-ballet, son-football, Bible Study and do on. I am sure there will be more exciting things to come from Gmail calendaring.
Muy buena app
An email client should be simple and have a reverse chronological sequence of emails they can be read and filed away or discarded easily.  I just moved from Microsoft because they’re trying to be something more than an email client, now I’m having similar but different issues with Gmail. I also tried Gmail inbox and it is overly cumbersome.
I can understand why a company would want to ask if, maybe, I’d rather use their browser when I open an email from inside their app. However every single time since the latest update is way past old already. Each time, it pops up. Each time, I make a selection and tell it not to ask every time - only to have this cycle repeat with the next link.   You really need to fix this so it quits asking, it’s rendering an otherwise great app very frustrating and near useless.
This app is really useful and it’s fast!  However, for some strange reason, you can’t toggle the “important” flag on a message here.  In the tree on the LH side, there’s a filter so you can view messages that are marked as important, but what good does it really do if you can’t check that field on or off for a message?  Seems like an oversight, and it’s been this way for years.  I use the important field a lot to track messages that I need to deal with.  If the app had this capability, I’d probably rate it 5 stars. 
I use gmail on all my devices.
Use to be able to pick Safari and tel it not to ask ever again, but now it asks every single time I click on a web link in an email even though I have toggled that off.
The app will prompt you repeatedly not to use 5 or more accounts. I’ve found that to be right-on advice.   I had 3 Gmail and two O365 and the freezing and pausing during use made the experience unbearable. 
This is an amazing app, just lately, I have had to go in , shut it down , and go in again. It’s freezing randomly, how is this fixed?
Best email app for gmail. There is only 1 problem. You can’t select all and mark as read. If that was possible, I’d rate it 5 stars for sure. Seems like it should be a standard feature but what do I know...
Unfortunately, Gmail does not run on my Watch, which is too bad because it works so well on iPhone and I iPad.
My gmail app continues to crash (started happening three weeks or so ago) on my new iphone 8, and I have the most updated version. I use my email for personal and business use and it continues to crash. This is causing a lot of unnecessary distress. I havent had any issues with any other apps on my phone in years. Really surprised by this.
Organized and more efficient to use.
Haven’t been able to receive emails since January ... So frustrating!!!
It’s the simplest and most stable app
Top Shelf.
Se me hace mui poco con la opcion gratis
The application keeps crashing I don’t know why but it needs to be fixed the bugs are annoying to be honest.
I have been using this app for a few years now, and in general it meets the needs. There are still some features in the built-in Apple Mail app that would be nice to see in this app. I get frustrated with the lack of features and when features are added, they are silly useless features like smart reply, which is useful if I am sending a text message, but not at all useful for email.  1. It’s great that you now follow the text size set in the settings app, however, for whatever reason (likely the font used), the smallest setting which looks great all throughout the rest of iOS, looks microscopic in the Google apps, have noticed it in both the Gmail app, and Google news. Please fix this, or let us change the font. I want my fonts small, and iOS does a great job on the scaling, but something with your implementation does not really follow the rest of iOS.  2. It would be nice if you allowed a universal inbox, a central place to see all accounts I have setup and respond, etc from one place without having to switch accounts. The method to switch is cumbersome with multiple accounts and with both business / personal email coming in, lots of email and lots of switching back and forth = waste of time.   3. The option to delete a message and automatically load the next unread on the screen would be great. I do system administration, as a result I get a lot of monitoring messages, sometimes I need to quickly go through them, would save time if I didn’t have to click on each new message and instead it just loaded it when I closed / deleted the one I am on instead of taking me back to the inbox.  4. It would be nice to see the active sync protocol enabled for non G Suite business only customers again. The fact that it was removed back in 2013 was a shady tactic to push people to your own app, with it’s glaring missing features. The IMAP protocol works, but push is so much better than fetch.  Overall the app works better with Gmail than the native app, which is to be expected, but there is a lot of room for improvement here and I still find myself jumping between the native mail app and this one from time to time due to features, or lack thereof. 
The badge number doesn't properly reflect unread emails. Notifications are no longer cleared after opening the email on another device.
Love the app and how it organizes everything for me but I wish there were options to block people and report phishing scams. When I open the spam folder online I’m able to do those options but in the app I could only report it was either spam or not. But everything else is easy and wonderful to use.
When are you going to have an Apple Watch version ?!?
Turn it Off!!!
When clicking on URLs, it asks which browser you want to use (Chrome or Safari). Even though I keep saying don't ask anymore and selecting Safari, and I don't have Chrome installed, it still asks me this same question every time, even when clicking different links in the same email.
I am new to google email services but already huge difference vs yahoo mail. Yahoo i have been using for over 10 years. Gmail app loads at the snap of the fingers easy to use and combines everything google into 1.
Best app.
After my usual email carrier switched its setup I looked for another client. This has fit the bill very well. Just wish there was a better way to store emails.
All I want to say is I highly recommended this app.
Should have some way to filter out all the people that try to make you and so you should be a separate spot just for anybody that isn’t your friend do you get commission to go put a star next to it something I have over 4000+ in one day so I just delete appThen I went back up to her to delete one by one so I don’t even bother checking my email anymore
Great app, but not giving it 5 stars because at least once per day, the app seems to completely freeze. I have to double tap the home button, swipe it away to force close it, and then open it again and wait for it to "boot up."   Fix that issue and I'll update this review to 5 stars! 
Best email corporation
I am writing this review on the porch of a cabin in the Daintree rainforest on the Northeastern tip of Australia. Birds chirp and chortle in a rainforest that is ~180 million years old, preserving many species that have been lost elsewhere.   As amazing as this rainforest is, it doesn’t have fast internet speeds, but 2G/3G is enough to get by. I can check Twitter, google image search the birds I see, and catch up on news. I can even write this review in the App Store. What I can’t do, however, is check email with the Gmail app. It doesn’t even try, as if it is programmed to turn off if LTE or WiFi isn’t available. Other email clients, like Google’s own Inbox, work just fine here. Gmail alone is not functional.   Please let the app free - don’t constrain it to areas with fast internet only. 
I prefer this app over any other email client for the iPhone. It is very a lot easier to follow a thread of emails through this app than it is on the stock app that comes on an iPhone. My only suggestion is to change the app icon. It’s an eye sore to have the icon in my home screen with so much white space unused. It would look much better if the gmail icon was zoomed in to where there wasn’t any white space around the boarder of it. Even if you had to stretch it to fit.
\_(ツ)_/
I was looking for an app that I would receive email faster that the mail in Apple. This is the one for me. There are emails that I need to respond to quickly and this one does just that.  The test was send an email and see how long it takes to receive it. With this app you receive it seconds after you send it. I really like this app for my gmail.
I hate changes. I just get good learning how to use something really well and then you change on me and I didn't ask for it. I don’t know were things are and how to use it. I was fine and good with what I had. I want it back. If I had wanted changes I would have went to someone else.
It’s a mail on phone why not just get a REAL mailbox??????
Google, I already let you use my email to serve me ads elsewhere. On a mobile interface, you have the audacity to serve an ad inline in my email? No, I won't use your garbage app.
I’m an old school AOL person but, when I got a gmail account it was easier for me.  I have multiple gmail accounts and I can switch over from one account to another. Unlike my other email account in which I have to sign in in each of my accounts.
I love it. Makes it so much more convenient and fast to check my emails. I haven’t noticed any bugs/glitches so far.
I like the new setup. Easier to track emails.
Es muy útil
I have 4 emails in my app and one of them has spam showing in my notifications for the past month! I’m not sure how this works, but it never used to happen...
I love gmail, but this app doesn’t open web links on private mode (in Safari.) I don’t want to leave bread crumbs on my phone, so I’m always on private mode. Imagine the surprise when I opened the browser history that shouldn’t have existed! Please fix it so my info isn’t up for grabs...
Do not upgrade!!!! The icons are larger taking up screen space. You will lose ability to select and move items to folders. You lose ability to pick and choose what to delete in trash. It is all or nothing. Design makes it difficult to view on 4s. Font is smaller. Sound alert is quieter and can't be changed. DO NOT DO NOT UPDATE!!!!!!!
The Gmail app notifies you as soon as you receive an email unlike the preinstalled Mail app on iPhones! I love it!
It’s a nicely-designed app, and it works well for me.
Great
Just great App
Very fast Mail App
There are 2 huge things wrong with the gmail app that 80% of users hate and yet google continues to do updates on the app and completely ignore these 2 very crucial problems.   1- It doesn't allow you to turn off conversation view. It is awful. It's crazy to me that Google won't listen to thousands of complaints regarding this. In my job I will use the same subject line in many different conversations. So then it groups all of those emails together.  And many times important messages get lost in these lengthy "conversations".  Also to make it worse, I can’t label each of the emails separately.  It only allows you to label the entire “conversation” which doesn’t work for me since it groups together emails that have nothing to do with each other.   2- It won't allow you to add your signature right after your message.  It adds it at the very bottom of the string of conversations making it pointless to have a signature at all.  Someone would have to scroll all the way down to the bottom of the whole conversation to see your signature.  Who would do that??  How does google not see this as a problem?  And, do they mean to put the signature at the very bottom or is this a glitch?  Google stop wasting time on STUPID updates like this last one or on producing cars, and actually fix your basic problems with gmail. 
I love the gmail. Especially the app for my phone and iPad.  It is so much more intuitive than other mail apps
Email made easy.
It freezes when you open the app.
I’d recommend for anyone in school or at jobs you can express your creativity with your picture(which you can do on google or google chrome).I give it 5 stars!
It’s absolutely fabulous
Google has the best apps!
I can’t marry it!! Otherwise, I love her err it.
This app gets one star until they add the mark all as read feature. It is inconvenient for me to go to a computer to do this basic function.
Why did u remove Touch ID to open Gmail app??? I would use Outlook but I like Gmail's native categories. Please put back TOUCH ID and FACE ID unlocking option for Gmail App.
Most sophisticated email app
If I open an unread email on the web or any other device, notifications do not clear from my phone.  It used to work like a charm before. Not anymore.  iPhone X support is fantastic 
When I switch between gmail accounts it makes my app freeze.  I have to close and restart the app.
This is a great app! I've never noticed an issue. I would recommend the app due to how smoothly it works.
The app is functional. I would like to see some options for the user. The single most annoying “feature” is that it invariably opens the Promotions mailbox instead of the Primary when you open the app.
The only issue I have with the app is adding multiple pics to an attachment. It won't do it as one function, so I have to go back and forth.
I have been using gmail for just over 1 week and all is good so far!
Simply the best email platform !
Gmail, Gsuite, love them I recommend them to anyone Business or individual
I like it
The Gmail app is pretty good in most ways. However, they recently changed the way the browser works to open all links in the in-app browser. This means if you get a password reset link (which is a very common use case), you can’t use your iCloud Keychain to suggest and save a new password. Of course, you can click a second time to open in actual Safari, but then your one-time-use password reset link has expired, since Gmail already loaded it. So in many cases, it has become impossible to reset passwords using the Gmail app, forcing me to get on my MacBook to do so. This means the Gmail app is quite useless, so I’ll be uninstalling and using Gmail in Safari instead. Way to ruin a perfectly good app Google. I’m sure some out-of-touch manager at Google insisted it work this way so they can push the Chrome app on users, but it’s anti-user. Google should be ashamed.
Very confusing
I replaced the original “mail” app with this new gmail app, and now, when click on a link in some other app to send a feedback message or whatever it try’s to open the original mail app, which I’ve deleted. I need it to use this new gmail app for that. Please update.
Just what I was looking for.
I love my gmail. Very good email. Well, it's by Google! What else would you expect but The BEST!
Does the job. I work with this app with ease. If any new issue appear I’ll get back and update this review but for now it has been great!
The Gmail app makes using gmail accounts much easier than other mail apps. It has a very easy interface that makes it very easy to navigate.
Don't get me wrong, I love this app. I only have 1 problem: on the computer you can select all the emails and archive them, but you can't do that on this. If by some chance Google sees this, please add this feature to mobile because I don't check my emails that often and it gets annoying when I have to swipe each and every email to the side to archive them.    Overall this app is awesome and I would highly recommend it. 
Very fast mail App
People working in google probably not using this junk app, if they do, they would realize it does not make sense you have to scroll ALLLLLLL THE WAY DOWN to reply an email.
This app has decided to make it easier to archive (one swipe) an e-mail than to delete it (one tap to check + one tap up top to delete). This. Is. Not. Okay. It’s not user intuitive. Who in the world is going to archive more emails than they delete?! I understand that it can be nice to select several emails and delete them as a group - so keep that function as is. But to “archive” is a much more seldom need than to “delete,” so make the archive function a button up top you can tap and make the “left swipe” a secondary delete function. Please, for the love. End my insanity. I even tried googling how to fix this and people are actually posting about their frustration with the same thing! YOU ARE GOOGLE. You can fix this. I doubt I’ll be heard in a sea of 43k reviews but I had to cry for help in the chance that someone Silicon Valley hears me...
All of a sudden after an app update, my Gmail on both of my iPads is using Safari for links. Safari is miserable and keeps reloading until I give up altogether. I have used Gmail for years and love the fact that it sorts out my primary, social, and promotional mail, but I am reconsidering my love of Gmail.
So good and convenient
جيد
Better than the iphone mail app imo
I use this for all my business affairs. It is a nice system and simple. Had been confusing before updates but now I find no Problems. Nice and neat folder style as well great for. Y purposes.
Every time I to open the app now, my screen guess black and it goes back to my home screen. Only started happening once I updated it to the version for iPhone X. Help!!
Always google products awesome
I have this on my I Pad and on my phone if my phone is low I can use my I Pad to check my emails
The conversation has been listing the oldest email on the top so when a new email is sent, you have to scroll back to look for it. It would be better to list the newest email on the top of the conversation.   The App for IPhone and IPad have the same signature. If you put down “sent from my iPhone” then it appears on the iPad as well. Can’t change it!! Pretty dumb. Yahoo automatically signs whether it is from iPhone or iPad. 
Just added GMail, happy with. Expect less problems than my current provider
You’ve made it very easy and I love the integration w my iPhone and Apple Watch.
There is no one-button option to mark all as read.
Gmail is easy to use and I have rarely had any spam.
I appreciate the common view.  This made it easy to use.
Gmail has security for your emails I felt like I Was at a police station. Now why can’t G mail Use your picture to ID you.
Everything is good but I accidentally deleted something important.
This app is the best. Good job Google!
The gmail app is good, but I wish there was a swipe to delete function, similar to archive.  Overall, the gmail team is great!  Thank you for such an awesome product 
I love it because it is a simple and easy way to get in touch with friends
Inline pictures from old emails either don't show or show up as a ton of junk text 😩
Works well
I use gmail to manage all my email accounts!
Very difficult to use, and still doesn't let me do what I can do on my desktop. What's the point of having it? I expect better from gmail.
So much better and easier to use than Apple mail system. Looks much more up to date as well. Glad I deleted Apple mail system for this. 💯💯
This app is happening :-)
Been using Gmail for over 15 years. It's simple to use, secure and reliable!
I’ve been using gmail for months on my iPhone 8 Plus, and it is awesome. But then all of a sudden yesterday morning it has become totally unresponsive. I’ve killed the app, reset my phone, deleted and reinstalled the app, restarted my phone again, and still nothing. It’s been more than 36 hours at this point with no luck. Please push update to fix!!!
👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
I enjoy it to the max!
Gmail is my favorite of all the email services I have tried.  Brenda
I can’t even sign in or redo my email on this, it keeps rejecting my email telling me ‘Sorry’ and won’t even let me reset my email either.
I normally will not use Google products due to the intrusive TOC which Google actively uses to mine your personal info and device and use the info however they chose.  However, I have to use it for a job.   The most infuriating thing about this app is it will not permit me to access the contacts and their information that I have stored in Gmail. I keep my work and other contacts separate so I don’t put them on my phone. Nope to Google. 
I use the base Apple mail app. I keep the Gmail app around for those few times when I get something I want to “Report Spam”. That’s it.  My gripes: - NO support.  - On label open (e,g., Trash, Spam), first message’s ENTIRE contents displayed. - No granular access to Settings. 
I love the Apps Google offers.  At times, when get confused they have ‘WHAT TO DO” LIST.  It has been a long time I have had ups and downs.   But my suggestions  are not ignored.  YZZM 
I like it, even though it cannot handle more than 5 accounts and gmailify mixed up all accounts together (not what I want).
I like the app, use it every day for work. I have a couple of issues with it though. For starters, I wish you could shut off the swipe to delete option. I find myself accidentally deleting a lot. Secondly, I think that there should be an option to delete individual portions of a thread just like you could do on the computer. I get a lot of “useless” info in each thread and fell time to time like to clean it up a bit while a job is still pending.   Other than those issues, it works well for what I do. 
Very very best mail App
You can’t switch accounts on IPhoneX. I have two email account and I need to jump from one to another one all the time... before it was easy to do, now I can’t on iPhone X...
The degree to which Google hamstrings this app is laughable. No multitasking support on the iPad?! Really?! But then again, why should I expect anything different from a company who would prefer to serve advertisers than core software users. I know what choice I’ll be making when my Google Apps bill comes next year...
Very nice
Awesome email
Their app is working but I have stopped trusting and using Google after it became too creepy in following me and selling my private infos to others. Zero respect for users’ privacy.
Nice
i have gmail for my phone for school, i can’t get on it right now because it says i need to update something, there is no updates for gmail or my phone available, there has to be something wrong with gmail itself.
This....leaves me speechless GO GOOGLE!
It's wonderful.
I can communicate a lot easier now
Awesome...
Finding old emails is a pain, and replying to an email requires going all the way down to find the reply button. The interface could be better :( 
this Patrick Ray Riley I say one things gmail best way to keep in touch with friends and family keep up good work Thank you 
I’ve never had any issues with this app. I’ve relied on this app for many years now and I would definitely recommend it for it’s functionality!
One of Google's best apps. Wonderfully designed, etc. Only problem is that I can't use my Microsoft Exchange account with it like I can with Gmail on Android. Add that and I'll bump this to 5 stars in a flash!
Great
Only problem I have had is the storage issue with google I’m sorry I require a lot of space, but my career is doing videos and pictures.
Good app
Nothing against Gmail but it's trash compared to Inbox. Too bad Gmail gets all the attention because I'm still waiting for the iPhone X update to hit the superior email manager. Gmail is great but Inbox is better!
I have a small request can you guys please fix the empty trash option when there is trash in the gmail trash on the gmail app.  When I go to delete email I then go to the gmail trash to empty the trash and once and a while I can’t empty the trash because the empty trash option does not show up.  And I then have to go to gmail.com to empty the trash.  Maybe the gmail app could be more like the gmail.com website.  Because I have not had problems trying to empty gmail trash using gmail.com.  I know on the gmail app if email has been in the trash more then 30 days it will automatically get deleted from the trash.  But I like to delete email from the trash when I put email in the trash.
Very well organized and easy to use.
No longer notifies of new emails. In the past the only fix was to uninstall and reinstall. Not working this time. I’ve checked my settings and notifications are still on & correct. Restarted my phone. Still not getting notifications of new emails. Also, please insert email signature into the email body so we can choose it’s placement or if to not even use it. There are times I don’t want it used and times I do. Also, no one sees it at the way bottom and I’d like to move it up where visible but have no control over it. I’m considering leaving gmail and going to something else as these are fairly big issues.
Is the best
You HAVE to scroll through this ANNOYING revolving feature to get to EVERY account if you’re signed in to more than one on the app. It’s IRRITATING. Checking mail becomes a CHORE because you’re constantly going through this revolving list on the top left corner. Just let me choose which account from a FIXED LIST. Who has time for this video game at work?!
لاتعليق .. غير انه تطبيق مميز جداً ومايحتاج له تلميع او شهادة تزكيه!! بطل 👍
Finally, the Gmail app has adaptive text...well, sort of. If adaptive text worked as it should, text in this app would render exactly as it does in the default email app. Sadly, this doesn’t work. Without increasing your adaptive text settings, the text in Gmail is much smaller than text in other apps. And if you increase the adaptive text size more to compensate, then text in other apps is HUGE. Yes, it’s an improvement, but it’s still not correct.  Additionally, as many have mentioned here, the notifications badge on the app icon simply does not work properly. Its turned on in notifications, but when an email arrives, I get a home screen notification but no badge icon. 
Of course it's great even if not perfect.
Had no problems with the app.
I’ve been using this app as my default mail client ever since it came out. However, the last few months 50% of the times my emails that I open on this app appear as “unread” AGAIN as soon as I close the app. This is extremely annoying! Please fix this ASAP!!!
I’m 73 years old, and remember the early days of the Internet. I remember being so excited when email was available to the public. Email, even with its flaws, was so exciting and revolutionary in giving people around the world Way of communicating with each other. Junk mail became a problem almost immediately and you were given very little storage– – But I loved it! Then various email  providers became available, each adding an improved feature or a new one. Then, Gmail came out. The absolute best it accurately getting rid of junk mail, givingIng an enormous amount of free storage space — to many new innovations to mention here.  Granted, Manny email providers have copied and improved their email tremendously. So if you want to stay with your catch-up email provider, I understand.  I’m going to stick with the proven leader in innovation and reliability — and, as you may have guessed, recommend it to all.  Bob Coberg
I like this app! Thank you google
Would be nice to change the default red color to something like a nice green. Also would like there to be more than one boring new mail sound.
I used to be able to scan my email, see what was important, who it was from, and what had already been read. Can’t do any of that with the design update. It’s way too busy and not as much actual email seems to fit on my screen. I know I’m just going to get frustrated looking at my email on my phone now so I’ve stopped using the app. With there was an option to turn off the logos/different colors for each sender.
I love the app!
The GMail app is the best way to manage your inbox, allowing you to use all of the features from the desktop version, including labels and multiple inboxes.
Me gusta mucho esta app me falicita la vida
Shows unread emails when there are none.
With so many email accounts and activities centered around each, professional, personal, and hobbies, it is easy to keep the email accounts and folders nested and organized and its SO DANG EASY!
More convenient, Fast in sending receiving emails
Thanks for a great email app I personally prefer it over the apple email app much easier to use and works great
Love the app
Everything is great, but if you have a long thread you have to scroll all the way down to reply or forward. Also the thread layout is really confusing!
Great app i used it for any ducments or massege in net
It’s nice to be able to get my gmail real time since they no longer push to iOS devices without a lag.  However, the reply and signature options are a confusing pain.  It places the replay and signature at the bottom of an entire email chain, rather than in the most recent reply.  If this was a conversation then that makes since but standard email places most recent replies at the top.  There is no option to fix this and when sending professional emails this is confusing for clients.  It is enough of a hassle that I am deleting the app and just goin with my iOS email.  I’ll deal with the lag.
The only email service app I use.
The app works well for getting your Gmail email. The interface is clean and you can easily make your way around it. What really grinds my gears and what prompted the 3 star review is the absence of a button/option to turn off the conversation view. Please provide this option and the app will be perfect for me. Thanks!
To be clear, I’m only reviewing the latest update, which is full of glitches. All prior updates would get 4 or 5 stars.
Great app on the go would recommend it to everyone
I need to know how many new emails I received. I can check them on the Notification Center, but it won't show up the Gmail icon itself. I don't check on the Notification Center often, I rely on the icon badge most of the time. So, I might forget important emails.
1. Every day of the month is the 31st.  Even in months that don't even have 30 days and only sees 29 days evey 4 years.  Yeesh!  2). The inability to integrate with other Google products to not only offer travel time services when creating events but then kick booty in discovering Waze to kick booty all over the town.  Seriously, less time on homepage doodles and more time taking app to the next level.  By next level I’m expecting 🔼 not 🔽. 
After the update a month back or so, this app is regaining its key features - this is good to see.
Excellent,thanks!
^^^
Gmail is one of my favorites. I prefer it over my other email accounts. It easy to navigate, and I love how it’s connected to some of my other google features.
I can never find the email I am looking for. It is always hidden underneath a bunch of junk. It is also really difficult to switch between accounts.
Just switched from iPhone mail app to this, and messages are going into “all mail” instead of default primary inbox..? Also, a gray box “error!” Appears with every click.  Apple’s mail app seems more user friendly so far. 
Once again I gave this app a try, thinking Google might have fixed its brevity of functions issues. Beyond the clunky features and nothing else being positively modified, I was instantly deluged with over 100+ spam and phishing emails every morning. Even deleting them with this app was torturous. So once again, I deleted the app, went back to accessing Gmail through my Safari browser and I'm back, instantly, to 1 or none of the spam and phishing emails. What are you Google coders doing?
I use this for school and as a personal email when my current email *********@optonline.net decided to start not working with the default mail app on my phone. So far I had no problems with the app.
This is a great app to used
Gmail used to be a great app. It used to separate the spam from the important stuff, but now I’ve been noticing that spam has been slipping through more and more. Instead of having 1-5 important emails, I now have those plus 20-30 spam messages. Hopefully they fix this!
This Gmail App is user friendly, and it just works well. I like the features that it offer.
Allows me to view emails in order of importance. Love this app it is helping me achieve my New Year resolution to be more organized.
Gmail app is great. I love the auto filtering inboxes for Primary, Social, and promotions. Definitely could not live without it.. I would recommend this app to all my friends. Thanks, Ryan 
Thanks google
The app itself is really clean, but at times, navigating the app to find certain things is a little odd at times.
Rất thích
I love everything Google. Its super easy to use! If you want to search for a certsin email but cant remember who sent It or when It was sent all you have to do is type in a The key word and It will bring Up all your emails with that word. So really keep Up The good work Google!
We are very happy to have this app We use it every day and we just love it
Don’t get me wrong, I only hate Google a tiny bit, but I really dislike this game strongly (because that sentence made perfect sense).  This game makes me want to squat behind a small bush and cry.  This game makes me want to eat my cell phone battery.  This game makes me want to drop a textbook on my foot.  This game makes me want to get soap in my eyes.  This game makes me want to get hit in the head by a baseball.  This game makes me want to get bitten by a rabbit with rabies.  This game makes me want to wax my eyebrows all the way off.  This game makes me want to get stranded on an island with no water.  This game makes me want to peel my lips off and feed it to a tiger.  This game makes me want to hug a cactus.  This game makes me want to run over my own feet with ice skates.  This game makes me want to go into a coma.  This game makes me want to never ever play it again 😢😢 
It shouldnt take you 15 mins to find an attachment. Theres no where to search for an attachment.
I have been a happy user of Gmail for years. My only problem with the app for phone and iPad is that you cannot turn off the conversation view. I see many posts online regarding others who are unhappy. I have not found a work around. App would be 5 stars if I could turn off CV.
I downloaded this app when I first got my iPhone and quit using it because of numerous issues. 1 1/2 years later I downloaded it again because of issues with apples email app.  It now works great and I haven’t had a single issue with it.
Love this app but having a hard time registering non-gmail accounts even when putting in the correct password. Says that my password is incorrect.   Also would like to add events from the email straight to my calendar. 
I love my Gmail, but the latest update has caused issues. Many times I have to close the app and open it again because nothing will load, it’s just blank. The other issue is that the images aren’t loading on some of the emails that previously I had no problem with. Definitely some bugs need squashed!
I’m hoping that I won’t regret it, until then it’s been sufficient.
Hassle free email service for sure. Wish the phone version allowed more formatting options. Also sometimes there's a lot of confusion in an email thread when lot of people are responding -
I’m finally able to add different accounts but now my notifications do not work with the update
This app was a good way to access your Gmail on iOS, however they removed the ability / stopped honoring the setting to block external images about a year ago. This was a major blow to user privacy, and I ditched the app ever since (and shortly thereafter, I switched away from Gmail altogether and made FastMail my primary email provider).  I would love to see this basic functionality re-integrated with Gmail for iOS. Until then, 1 star. 
It helps me organize things that I only thought I could do on my computer. Gmail is a very good you should try it
I like the app the updated way to edit it's easier faster I'd give it a thumbs up
I'm really annoyed now. I've had enough of waiting 6 months just to get my account reseted. This app shows how hard it really is just to reset your password. I forget, and then it asks me when I made my account. Yeah, that doesn't have anything to do with resetting a password, google. FIX IT PLEASE. I hope to see this issue fixed BY THE NEXT UPDATE. Thank you.
Randomly says "no connection" even when I have service. I will get notifications, however when I try to read the email nothing will load.
Way better than the apple mail app because it is VERY organized!
Only if the storage space was more :) gmail is handy and easy to use.
I like g mail very much
This version reintroduces the bug that the unread messages badge does not update after reading your messages.
Excellente application
Works for me on my iPad, no problems.
I can’t use this app anymore since they updated it.  It keeps crashing.  So I can’t check my email on my phone.  Next.
If you can’t tell from the title then I’ll just say, I LOVE Jesus Christ Superstar 1973. Now that I’ve gotten that off my chest.  I truly enjoy this app except for one thing; I can’t choose to select all when wanting to move emails to trash. For example, let’s say I have 50 emails that I recognize as spam or something(s) I know I don’t want to read and just delete. I have to individually select all 50 emails rather than having an option to select all. Please? If you can, make this fix? Also, I want the option to deselect a few rather than deselecting all. Thank you. 
Very nice
The app loads very quickly, and hasn’t crashed on me yet. I manage three different e-mails as well, and it’s very easy to switch between them and see which ones have new messages. The spam and trash folders empty automatically after 30 days which is also a nice feature.  The one problem I have with the app, is there is no select all button. Sometimes I will archive e-mails instead of deleting them, or will simply have them in my inbox and need to delete them. When this happens, usually I want to delete 95% of my messages in the inbox or all mail folder. It would be easier to select all and then deselect the few messages I need to keep rather than meticulously select each individual message. It’s kind of silly that you have this amazing company known for their technological prowess, but they can’t put a simple select all button in. 
In general this is a very good app but it’s been a few months now and Google still hasn’t fixed the newish autocorrect problem that capitalizes the word after a contraction that includes the word I (I’d, I’ll, etc.) instead of the contraction. So tired of having to go back and fix those...
This email app is just the best, it’s secure and easy to use. I also use drafts to save poetry and keep letters safe. I also like the way i can access more than one gmail account from the main page and use the same id across the related apps like google etc. they often update but nothing major. I always recommend this app when friends ask what the best email service is.
You have to quit the app
When I tap Archive on my screen without actually going to the app, there's still that 1 in the red circle there, also, idk if it may be my phone/ wifi but its kinda slow...?
We should be able to block people from emailing people because there are people I wish would stop emailing me that would make the app 5stars
I sent an email from my Office account (supported by the new update), but when I went back to review it, all the apostrophes and other special characters were replaced with ‘?’ which doesn’t normally happen when I send emails using my Gmail account. This and the fact that it doesn’t fetch old mail into my inbox (only new mail) are a few things I have noticed could be worked on. Other than that, this is the best app to handle your multiple email accounts on mobile.
Would like better options when it comes to customization
This new style seems very inefficient as compared to the old one. I wish they could switch back.
The message counter for the gmail app on iPhone 8 is incorrect, and impossible to reset. The only way to not see an incorrect number is to turn off badge notifications for gmail, which is stupid.   What’s more frustrating is that from reading forums and the like, it seems that this is a gmail problem for iPhone that has existed for a very long time, yet google and Apple can’t seem to get it resolved. How is it possible that these two immense companies, with endless resources and the most advanced tech teams, can’t get this fundamental and basic issue resolved?  Astonishing. 
It will not automatically bcc yourself on sent messages. Many many of us rely on that. Also Sent folder displays the sender (which is yourself) instead of the recipient. And you can’t change it. Looks like Apples Mail still has some advantages at least in these two areas.
The standard that can’t be beat.  My go to when it comes to e-mail.
I like
I see you soon or not.  $$$
Are you kidding? No option to relabel mail into different folders, tags random emails as “important” and won’t let you untag them. Swiping either way on an email from the inbox list deletes emails. No way to mark as unread or to archive and there is no option to customize this function. VERY BASIC. NEEDS WORK.
Since the update the other day, Gmail app is frozen. I’ve tried hard restarting the app and the phone - nothing.   Help!! 
I enjoy my gmail.
More more email
Email app that’s it
Finally i can open all of my emails in one place!  Now this app is completely perfect.. thanks Gmail team 😘 
I usually use my Yahoo account. I'm giving it a three because I don't really like the archiving and I don't use this app a whole lot...
***UPDATE APP*** This app just updated a few days ago and now it's hanging up during opening and then having trouble pulling anything and locking up during use!  Fix fast or this won't be the last bad review!
Love it " never a problem with my G
Thank you 🙏
If you have the desktop version this is a must app mobile app!
Why aren't the notifications fixed yet?  Just ridiculous.
I would love to see the feature to turn on/off conversation view
So much easier to have on my phone, when I’m at work and I get emails I don’t have to wait to get home I just check on my phone just get the app it won’t hurt to buy it
Since 1/30/2018 the Gmail app on iPad does not accurately show number of unread emails. It is stuck on six and is very irritating. I am ready to give it up!
Great app, well designed. Only complaint is that I wish conversation view could be turned off for Google accounts.
I’ve had this account for many years.  I have never been disappointed.  The enjoy the flexibility of this service.  It has followed and serve me no matter what the venue.....
I love it thank u
needs a setting how to dim the bright lite on the app
When I first started using it was in the Beta stage, I wasn’t too sure I liked it (that was many years ago). Well I guess I did because I still use it. It has grown and changed over the years - some changes I wasn’t to fond of but accepted the change because I knew it would change soon. I like the new changes very much—-and at my age I’m not changing emails. Keep up the good work Gmail.
Been using this app for years, and still needs to refine the reply-email process: when you reply to an email, it’s unclear where to begin text.  You sort of have to hunt around and press where you think reply text should start, whereas other email apps automatically place cursor and activate keyboard to begin the reply message.  Seems like a simple fix, Google.  Also, in newest version, notification badges disappear. 
That’s pretty good. -Me(me) 
Easy to use
I mean, it just seems like Google buys everything in the form of competition and then destroys everything good the acquire.
I love this app. I love that I get alerts for all of my important emails that come through so I never miss anything. And I love that they have added new features allowing me to add other email accounts into the app as well. Keeps everything organized and in one placing making everything so much more convenient than bouncing back and fourth between apps.
I've been using Gmail since the start, and thus far it's the best. I've used, AOL, Hotmail, live, and yahoo. I always find myself using Gmail more than the rest.
When trying to mark as unread, a mini menu popped up. Tried to navigate it but message still remains lost
Featured filled and works as intended.
As far as a basic email app, it gets the job done. But when it comes to normal stuff I can do on a PC, such as sort by read/unread or by oldest to newest, those basic tasks are impossible in iOS because of the minimalistic design. So, there's still no way to get around carrying a laptop and smartphone, because it will be a very long time until smartphone apps are on par with web browser apps.
I would certainly my appreciate the ability to do just that. Sometimes the thread is long, and could be shortened by deleting a few worthless messages along the way. Thereby, making it easier to find important messages in a particular thread.
I’m honestly in love with this app😍 I recommend it to anyone.
Doesn’t allow you to turn off the Conversation (threaded) view, which is truly painful
Works great with new updates coming
Viva Firefox!
Me ayuda con los trabajos de mi Universidad ya que puedo ver con facilidad mi portal de Gmail con gran facilidad que gran aplicación 😊👌🏻
I love using gmail. It’s GREAT!
I'm using iPad mini and the app crashes constantly! It became worthless for me. please fix it!
Love the simplicity of it!
Awesome email app, very simple and friendly user....A+
Alot of spam goes to the promotions inbox and you don’t have a delete all button on iPhone for these inboxes? It’s very frustrating and tedious to have to delete one by one.
ممتاز وسهل
Thank you derpyhoof123 for your carisma..I really enjoyed reading your review. For the first time in in such long time I’ve had the previlege to actually be entertained if not mused by such clarity of mind along with the great persona you portray. I want to thank you. I believe you have the mind of a author. One who entertains.
Great app and does great in giving me notifications as soon as I get an email.
Thanks for the update today. That update though still doesn’t fix what I asked you people that develop the app to fix. Still it doesn’t let me unsubscribe from anything in my spam folder. Please fix ASAP!!!!!!
Gmailify turned my inbox into an unmitigated DISASTER, took HOURS to recover.   Naturally, no real support available from Google. 
I’ve had my Gmail account for about as long as it’s been around. I use it on my IPhone and my Windows laptop. I recommend anyone who needs a reliable and secure email account to try Gmail!
I have two suggestions – one is to allow us to colorcode stars, like we get to do on the Browser. My other suggestion is to allow us to delete individual emails within threads, without deleting the whole thread, like we can do on the Browser, but not in the app. In general this is a very good app.
The emails *automatically* load images. I want the option back to choose when to load images for emails that I have not said to "always load".  Also, the swiping function for archiving emails needs to have a stop, such that a short swipe has you tap the icon to archive or delete, and a long swipe performs the action without the additional tapping of the icon. 
Easy access to my account for transactions whether for work or school.
I would never use anything else!
90% of the time I just want to archive an email after reading it. I can’t handle using this Gmail app because it puts the archive button at the top of the screen, way out of reach on my iPhone X. 😟
Efficient!
Please find way to create delete shortcut .
When on a website via Safari the email option doesn't work. I have to copy the email address then open the Gmail app to send. Kinda ridiculous. Fix. And no I'm not installing chrome
ممتاز جدا
Please fix the notification bug
Google will anticipate our needs and tailor make solutions... whether we want them or not.
I recently got a new iPhone. I’ve been. Droid person for years. Thank God I was able to download google, gmail, google news, etc. iPhone apps are no comparison with Google. I miss my droid 😩
What happen? I am on the WiFi and said no connection. I turn off the WiFi and still said no connection. Something wrong?!
nduighkit
I get missing assignment and I enjoy it
I’ve just tried to move a letter from subdirectory (automatic placement) to Inbox, and I was surprised to see that it’s impossible to do from an app, or a mobile site version! That is extremely inconvenient, folks, could you revisit this experience, please?
This is #bestappever I can contact my friends quick and easy! It’s not slow, or lags! I WOULD REALLY RECOMMEND THIS! 
I have always used the mail app from apple with my ipad pro and iphone. I thought I would give the gmail app a try. Sometimes the mail app is slow. Initially the gmail app was great. Faster than the mail app. A different format, but good. But, when I tried to attach a document from someplace other than google, then it was a problem. You can not attach anything from Dropbox or icloud. Not good for me. Keep trying google.
Best email ever and I love it!!!
This would be a great app if you could turn off this feature. You can in gmail itself, but not in the app. Why do I hate it so much? Someone sends you a mail, copied to someone else. You respond. You want to see your response in sent items- right? Someone else responds to the original mail and copies you. You read and delete their response. Because of conversation view that also deletes your own sent item. No record of it is now retained. Absolutely CRAZY
The entire google suite gmail, google drive, google docs, google calendar and google sheets work great. Before I discovered google I was a Microsoft suite user. Now I’m a google user. Tried it and have not stopped using. Good stuff.
Honesty I expected this app to be better. For one the inbox label/library concept gmail uses has always annoyed me. If I just want to see “all emails” I want it to default to my main inbox. Not promotions or other nonsense filtering labeled libraries. I cant seem to change that. I also notice the notifications in this app don't work consistently. Update: I wish you could turn threading “OFF” in the app.
Google anything is extremely good. It works fast and gives you what you’re looking for in a matter of seconds what’s not to like about it?
I want to like this app but in the list view the fonts are simply too thin and too light, making everything hard to read. The styling and weights are perfect in Google Inbox, though. Use those!  Also, too bad if you don’t like the color red. You’ll be staring at it a lot. 
I love everything about GOOGLE this new features allows me to get back to my clients and friends so much easier! Google Will you Marry Me?!?💋💍
YEAH I LOVE IT
So I have used gmail for quite some time and it is amazing!!!!! I used it for school, I used it for home, it was the best ail system EVER!!!
Missing ability to change importance, which I rely on for my smart watch notifications. So slow to load when task switching.
Like the app but I hate the ads. Moved over to inbox by google. Hopefully that app won’t see ads anytime soon
Awful
Ty
Great way to keep organized with four kids!! User friendly with many different options! All at the tip of your hands
Everything works great on it. I have not yet had any issues. If I encounter one , Ill let the developer know.
iphone’s basic common email format is far superior. simpler = better. this gmail app does not default to where you left off when you closed the app. threaded emails are not tidy enough. et cetera
This app used to work very well, though I much prefer my iPhone’s standard email app. But with the last few “upgrades” I can’t exit an email and get back to my inbox. (I have the current version of iOS installed.) I also can’t send an email. The send button looks like it’s activating but nothing happens.  Very frustrating and makes the app practically useless. My three-star rating is an average based on past use. Right now I’d give it zero stars. 
I have been very pleased with gmail. I don't get the junk mail like I do with my other email carrier. I use Gmail for my personal mail and have been very pleased with it.
This is my very first review ever.  This smart app separates the real mail I want to know about from the not important, mostly annoying attempts of trying to sell me something. This saves me a lot of time.  The rest is easily manageable, well designed, easy on the eye and it does the job I need it to do.  That’s worth 5 stars for as good as it gets 
Couldn’t live without.
Good
Going to dump IPhone next, strictly google from now on.
Good
I love gmail and the app is good, but I need to be able to add new labels in the app (right now I’m only able to do it on the computer).
I’ve changed my email apps several times over the last few years. I’ve used Apple’s mail app, Inbox by Google, Outlook Mail, and a few less known apps. Gmail, by far, has the best user interface experience.   However, I’m super picky about the “little things”. Here’s what’s keeping from sticking with Gmail: - On my desktop, it’s easy to set the signature such that it’s not hidden deep inside a cascading list of replies. In the app, I can’t seem to figure out how to disable that function such that my signature appears right after the body of my email.  - one of the things I love about Outlook is it’s two in one app. I wish I didn’t have to keep both Google Calendar and Gmail.   Mostly, this is the superior app in the market. 
OK admittedly I like all the colors and the fonts and as far as the integrity of the app goes well I like that part too. Yeah I know sounds pretty juvenile  but I’m 60 years old and have learned that sometimes it’s all About the lighter side of things.
Gmail logically organizes my email.  What can I say, I love it.  Exchange, not so much.
ممتاز
Still there is no option in the app to block a specific email sender. Waiting for the day to see it added.
It does everything I could want in a mobile Gmail App.
I love getting things instantly when I need them. I send pictures through this app which I can use to carry over from my iPhone to PC which is great!
I find this app incredibly useful. It is simple to implement, yet powerful in its performance.
I am about to go for a great experience with my over 100,000 emails and be totally updated on all the important issues. Hopefully this help reorganize my incoming. Thank you for the support.
还不错哦
...on an iPad 3 with iOS 9.3.5 (of course Apple is to be blamed on this as well...)  Switching between multiple accounts is inconvenient, tedious, and cumbersome.  Removed and went back using the original mail app. 
very good！
To many different folders to check for mail, I miss getting email, because gmail separates incoming mail into many different  categories. Please make it simple, with an inbox, sent, trash, and spam.
This app is amazing. Works perfectly well. I love it. Helps me be so organized!👍
I used to LOVE my gmail app. However, now it keeps force closing every time I try to open it. What gives, Google?!? Fix this PLEASE!!!
I don’t like my inbox settings without an option to change it. Why are my deleted and new emails from the same thread combined with each other? Also, when I delete those, I cannot find them in the deleted items of the online version.
No other words required. No complaints does everything my desktop email can do.
Gets the job done flawlessly
Annoying pop up asking for a review earns you ONE STAR
It is very good
Yo listen, can you pls that freakin' problem with text editing in iOS? Everytime I select a word, tap and hold on the blue selector and grab it either up or down, it acts up and deselects everything. I cant work on editing at all.
The only reason I’m giving it 3 stars is because every time I delete emails on my iPad, the never stay deleted. The red badge still shows an astronomical number of emails and I had just got done deleted a lot. Please fix this.
Beautiful
A combined inbox would be most helpful.
While this is a bit better than the previous version, it still has issues. The app seems not sure if you have read an email. It consistently marks emails as unread as soon as I finish reading them.
I have tried to safe an image multiple times to my camera roll. The app crashes and closes on every attempt
I love that app really cool use so fast I use them a lot one of my favorites thank you for your support
Ever since they did the redo to this app two times ago it hasn't worked properly: It's slower than cold molasses: slower than that even.
Hi,  I am big fan of gmail app. I configure gmail,by company email everything.but i was doing those on my android mobile.  After switching to ios , initially i thought gmail app would do the same. But it came to picture on a situation where i need to send some attachments from my iphone and it was not possible. This is kind of basic functionality to me , i used to attach images, documents often for my business. This made me to have bad review and uninstall.I dont know how other users are using this app in #ios.please advise, if someone found a way to resolve this.Thank you. 
I like it but i have so much mail in the next update can u add a delete all button
This app bypasses the App Review API in iOS 11 so that it can continue to pester you for ratings.
I put the settings for my notifications to ‘primary only’, but I still constantly get notifications from spams. Usually the spams that only show up in my motivations are from ‘bitcoin’ and ‘Amazon reward’ stuff. Fix the settings because this is annoying
It’s a very nifty app...very effective and I love the interface and how easy it is to use. However, I will be very elated if you could include the option to lock the app with password or TouchID. I will like to be able to give my phone to friends and not have to worry about them snooping through my email. The yahoo mail app on iOS has it and I don’t want to switch solely to yahoo because of this problem. I wish my request will be duly considered. Thank you!
The granddaddy of all emails and still rocking at number 1.  Don't love everything Google, but I do love me some Gmail.com.
User friendly! Love being able to link my accounts.
This app is really easy to use and a great app over all!
I have iOS 8.0. With new update, can't compose messages. Keyboard won't appear to type. Need a fix ASAP.
Apple watch capabilities please
If you have multiple email accounts, you have to look at them separately. I like being able to see my 3 email accounts sorted together.
Only giving it three stars because there is no way to turn off conversation view. It’s maddening having the email stack and I can’t delete them individually without going on my computer. Please give us a way to turn that nonsense off!
I hate change but this still works great for me.
I have loved this app for many years, despite some changes I was hesitant to accept. However, in the last couple of days I cannot receive my email! I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app MANY time, still no dice! It’s very frustrating!!! Other than that, it’s cool.
Will done guys
As Tina Turner said, Simply the Best Google always gets it right
THEY SHOULD ADD A SETTING WHERE YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE YOUR PASSWORD MY GMAIL IS OLD AND I HAVE ALL MY IMPORTANT EMAILS IN MY EMAIL PLEASE ADD THIS IT WOULD MAKE MY DAY!
This app is So good get it I have YouTube which name is trix master3000 YouTube channel
Always showing unread mail
cool I just like it
I’ve always been an Android user and I recently switched to an iPhone. I set up my mail on my phone but hated the layout and everything about my mail on the iPhone. I downloaded the google mail app and I’m in heaven again. Great app!
Yep
I’m now able to add additional accounts aside from google authentication (for instance office 365 and general imap.)  A wonderful email client just got even better.
The UI and features are more intuitive than those of the default iOS mail app. Works well with gmail and other mail services.
Easy
I’m so used to using the email app for iphone and man I love this gmail app. Not only do I get my emails right away, but is so nice and easy to use. I changed my main email address from yahoo to gmail just so I can use this app day to day. The yahoo app is so messy and so many adds unless you pay.
This version is not intuitive, difficult to navigate and almost impossible to sort mail. Just awful. Now I can’t get rid of it and go back to the origin mail that was I used on my iPhone. If you have a choice, avoid the Gmail app. Just awful.
As an IT professional I see and use mat different email clients. Google Gmail app interface is easy on the eyes I love the ability to archive with the swipe of a finger as the controls are easy to see and understand for moving an email to a folder, replying, forwarding, and writing new messages.
G-mail is the best. It’s obvious that Google has been in the business longer than all the rest! User friendly, comprehensive, versatile! I recommend G-mail to everyone who needs a e-mail address that fits all their needs!!! Thanks 
And God bless.😁
I am an iPhone user, but I still have every google app on it.  I love my gmail app it never fails!  I have it set up as IMAP and I have never worried about my emails being “duplicated” when I use the computer because the system is always working how it should, a difference from another companies that I have set up the same I stopped using due to having thousands of emails if I were to log into another device because their system is never working properly.  Love all your apps, specially gmail and photos !!
Khe diahuevo  Kha khalida 
It's very easy to use and I love how it organizes my email from important stuff and social . ♥️♥️♥️♥️
This app is user friendly and is really fresh looking. Google is on the right path to customer satisfactory. Also, it allows me to connect and share with other users easily and I can swap email accounts with a quick tap. I love it.
I expected a Gmail app to be be intuitive and effective. I expected it to be the aggregate of all email apps preceding it. I expected the decades of experience a developer would surely have when engineering such a critical tool would yield a sophisticated and elegant way to do something that I’ve been doing since email was invented. But that’s not what happened with this app. It’s as though this app was designed by doing the opposite of everything that has been done previously. If it made sense and was intuitive then that method was strictly avoided in this design! So, to put it mildly, this is a terrible app!!! And even though it’s free, it’s not worth it!!
The new update is not allowing my app to keep the data on so i cannot get into my email. For about 4-5 days now. Please fix. Thank you.
You will run out of memory faster because the other accounts you can add will add to your memory with ALL google products. I was enticed to add my yahoo account to a gmail address last year.  What happened is that I’ve had gmail since 2005 and love it. I lost my free “legacy” added memory because I had to upgrade or I’d lose my emails.I spent hours going through my messages and deleting them because I received warnings if I didn’t upgrade soon, messages would disappear and if I did upgrade I’d lose my free space.  I upgraded and I have my memory back on Apple products but for about a month or two on my Windows 10 laptop that I use for business, it was still showing that warning.  Eventually  it synced. So before you put all your emails in your gmail feed, check out if the “new gmail”will eat your memory and force an upgrade $$$$ before memory runs out and it’s pay to play. I’ve been a huge fan but I didn’t understand the takeaway of legacy memory. It was supposed to be lifetime but if I added on, it was gone and that’s what happened to “do no harm”
Gmail is loaded with with so many functionalities. This is the future of email, now. Stop resisting the change and make the switch, you can even keep using the same email address that you have had for years. You will save time, be more productive and maybe even replace some of the other programs you currently use.
I can only see one inbox at a time, i want to see one inbox and access to all folders through one inbox, just like Edison Email
So my only problem is if I were to send photos to people & try to download them off of an email it closes out every single time, but if it wasn’t for that I would give a full 5 star rating.   Other then that I have no other complaints about the app; I use it daily & love everything else about it though. 
Like better than just adding gmail as an email account on my phone. Easier to work with.
I’ve been using Gmail for years - my top choice for email. This past couple of weeks Ive had nothing but trouble with it - what’s going on?
Freezes on opening. Nothing on screen works
برنامج رائع وممتاز
Safari is one of the WORST browsers I have had to use. I was excited to be able to use Chrome on my iPhone. Now the updated Gmail app is released and it STILL opens everything in safari! What the crap?!? Why can’t a gmail app use chrome? I guess I will just delete this stupid useless app AGAIN. Disappointed and expected better.
I like it
Maybe it’s just me but I find the app confusing. All I was to do forward an email or something simple like that but the only option seems to be to delete it. Uninstalled.
I love this over all other email platforms. It’s much more user friendly. It notifies you when you have a new email. I’ve used other platforms that I couldn’t get certain emails to deliver through. I found that the same email was successfully sent through gmail.
MEEms
This is so stupid why do they even try to do this it doesn’t even have an undo button. I could go on about how this app isn’t “useful” as others would say. I have one thing to say about this app, DON’T BUY IT!!
Office
Simple and intuitive
Works great get mail easy to use
Months with no fix
!!
I just absolutely love this app, I could sign into my school email on this app and sign into my iCloud on the apple mail thanks gmail!!
Very nice app receive all emails and easy to access and send!
Been using this for a while n like it very much!!
Ok general mail system. Only used it a little but basically seem Fine. No problems. 
The gmail for IOS is superior to Yahoo!'s offering by far.  It's fast and is configurable enough to easily manage all my accounts without using a Windows machine.
I thought I'd get all my mail in gmail how long does it take?
Love it. I have not learned all the features but I am excited.
Since the most recent update, I am now unable to delete emails from my phone. Not sure if it’s an issue with my phone all of a sudden or my app. I’d like to know if there are issues.  Thanks 
I'm just a little kid that has a email that a bussines that is every important that I'm in charge and when I met google mail it so easy to get to my coworkers I'm the mail it made me so rich
meet all my needs
Fix the issue of notification of an email when there isn’t one! That stupid number 1 always being there is driving me crazy!
Every time I go to save a picture from an email it crashes. The app seems to crash a lot for me and is slow to load
Excellent app
Have to forward emails with pics to my other acct and open with the outlook app instead  Otherwise it would have been a good app 
hello google guys, i got a problem, many years ago when i create my google plus account, from then many emails coming to my account that made me totally confused, and totally i dont want them, can u please fix it?
love the way it filters to deflect the promotional and social emails. by far the best email box created by gmail.
This app would be a very nice solution  to my email productivity. Unfortunately, the lack of ability to turn off conversation view makes the app useless for business. I just can’t understand why a top app like Gmail would not have a basic feature that almost every other email app has.
For app version: 5.0.171217 Ever since I updated the app on my iPhone 8, the app keeps closing. Sometimes it closes on my first interaction with it. Other times I can check a single email but it won't stay open long enough for me to get anything done. My phone has the most updated software and the previous version did work well so this is a glitch in the newest update. 
As an iPhone user I think gmail is soooo much better than icloud, especially for college. It’s more user friendly and has a lot more options
Have not been able to figure out how to turn conversation view off on the app, which makes following the order of fast-moving conversations nearly impossible.  Also, it get quirky if you have more than a couple of gmail acts open at the same time.  I haven’t seen this app develop in important ways in years.  I prefer other non-Google email clients over the actual google email app. 
Solid app, navigation, UX, and stability!
Ever since I updated the app it keeps crashing
Gmail space is very reliable, and quick to review all the emails I get from ordering online and corresponding with others. Five stars.
Love the app but giving it 4 stars because it needs a “mark all as read” feature. Pain in the butt to go through and manually select all the emails to mark as read. Next update Google??
Good
my email Used to work then one day it just stopped working and Google or no one will help me but should I give a good review I don’t think so
The app works great and I love it but I keep getting an icon indicating to pending unread emails. I’ve gone through all my emails and their all on read but still the issue persist. I read other reviews stating the same issue on their end. Other than that I love the gmail app
Great!!!
I really don’t like having GMail, it is very frustrating receiving so much junk mail, and taking up my space on my phone. I really wish there was a way I could only receive mail from people and places that I need. I get at least 35 to 50 emails a day, totally “ridiculous” I am really considering deleting this app.
Minus the surveillance. Charge me and let me keep my dignified freedom.
Need a way to select all mail at once to move or delete.  Yahoo mail can do this!  Also can not move mail easily from one folder to another like inbox to spam.
I lovet❤️🙄
Conversation View (where emails with the same subject are all grouped together) is very annoying and confusing for a lot of people who use Gmail for business. On the desktop version of Gmail it allows you to turn conversation view off. The app does not allow this. It requires you to use conversation view. Therefore, the app is basically useless (and extremely annoying) if you do not like conversation view.
I have been using this app for my email for months and months. It has worked perfectly for me every time. It is easy to use and well designed.
Whenever I try to add my iCloud account info, I receive a “password or username is incorrect” message although I am entering the CORRECT email information.  Like most Google products, seems as if the developers were asleep when this was being worked on. 
I love
Unable to add exchange email through iOS version only through Android version.
For notifications on iPhone there is only a choice of sound but no vibrate. Please make a vibrate option.  Thank you 
I enjoyed this app until recently. Deleting emails is a HASSLE. I'll have deleted hundreds of emails, but when I scroll back through, those emails will reappear no matter how many times I delete them. Please fix this issue.
I love Gmail. It is my go to app. I can organize my email with no issues.
I have two accounts with you (both are encrypted). As a privacy-conscious user, I'm glad that you allow users to customize their accounts without them having to jump through any hoops. I firmly believe that: Transparency is a doubled-edged sword. Unless you are 100% certain that you know the person with whom you're corresponding, in my opinion, encryption is mandatory. Also, I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for allowing us to communicate freely (given the recent Net-Neutrality drama).
Great design, easy to work with one multitasking and generally reliable. The accidental archiving can get very confusing though. 
Looks great on iPhone X
Very good
Looks more like their target audience was elementary school rather than adults in a business environment.
I love this app. In my opinion it’s much better than my mail app that’s comes with my phone. I recommend this to everyone !!!!
Just installed new update because I had no choice and it’s awful. Not only does it keep changing but the interface looks like a kindergarten classroom. Bring back the old classic view.
I’m sure there are a number of new fantastic features about this gmail update. As a graphic designer however, I immediately noticed my phone crashing every time I tried saving an image (sent to me as an attachment) and I haven’t yet been able to do that very simple task necessary for aspects of my work.
I like the app overall, but would prefer to have the option to separate email strings in the app.  I have missed several new emails as they don’t show as new if the previous email in the string has been moved to a folder.
This app should not load remote images by default and should allow the user to control, OR it should honor the setting on the gmail account. It does none of the above. The previous version behaved properly.
It has a very easy interface! And very simple to set up and use. Also well organized and easy to find everything. I highly recommend!
Love google mail
Enjoying it!
App is usually a winner for me as I use it every day.. but it’s not letting me save photo attachments to my iPhone.. incredibly annoying. Please fix ASAP
I wasn’t able to delete my emails through the iPhone app so I had to download the Gmail thing that I have four separate accounts and it works flawlessly
Great app! No complaints.
Great app but 3 stars because I toggled off background app refresh (which is a huge battery drain), and the updates turn that setting back on :/
I have been using this app for several years but I have tried many times and many suggestions to email a group on my iPad and iPhone through this app.  I have not been successful.  I looked at all the suggestions but none of them work.
Good
شكرا برنامج رائع
So while Google is screwing around with unmanned cars we are all still stuck with an email client that inserts signatures at the bottom (under the quoted text).   Like it does any good there.   FFS it’s 2018 Google! Please get this right. 
Please add the option like outlook has that  sliding your finger you can delete the email, everything else is perfect
This app is not designed for disabled people! I can’t seem to select text to copy or even read using the screen reader, after opening the mail message.   Why did Google not conduct any user research when making this app? 
The app has been working great up until recently. Whenever I try to download or save any attachments in my emails, the app completely crashes.
Great
مره
I use this app for school to receive important emails. It worked perfectly for me before and I re-downloaded the app onto my phone and now it does not work the way it used too. I don’t understand why every time I open the app it tells me to login with google, And it gives me no other choice but to do so, so I do it. Every time it just brings me to my schools website and never allows me to see my actual emails or the set up that is displayed in the photos of the app itself. I’ve been trying for hours now and I’m just getting very frustrated because it has never done this to me before when I used this app. Please help.
What a great app. Easy to use. Easy to learn how to use it. Very colorful and easy to read. Love it!!
Ios 11.1.2 IPhone 8plus App version  5.0.171120  On top of that, when it does work for a bit I miss the old design... It had more emails per page. No silly name avatar... 
Does everything a busy person needs their email to do in terms of sorting my main, social, and promotional emails. However, whenever I try to save a picture that someone's emailed me, the app crashes without fail, even though I have a brand new iPhone 8 Plus.
I tried opening a fillable pdf file in the app and it showed up as blank but when I forward the form to a different gmail account, the file shows up with all the field filled out. Also, the app automatically download the file to my phone and takes up space without even me asking it to do that. Not ok!
Simply put, life is better with Google.
This app does what I want, that’s why I switched to this account for most of my online profiles. I just wish I could click delete when I slide new messages instead of moving it to the trash folder. I guess that’s too much to ask from google on an iPhone.
I have used the app for a couple of years now, so far so good. I like it. Works well on my Ipad
My biggest problem is that I have to delete one message at a time.  If you could fix this, I’d be pleased as punch. :)
Impossible to recommend any email app that doesn’t offer split screen and drag-drop functionality on iOS 11.  Gmail does not currently offer this in January 2018 — inexcusable for any major app, much less a “productivity” app.
Come on Google. I know you can do better. How do you not see this as a security issue? Other mail apps already have the option to add this security layer but Google decided to removed this from all its apps
App is much safe, Also easy to use. Mujahid Bakht, Founder and CEO. Tice Media, Inc., New York, USA.
Google mail app is clean and easy to use.
I’ve tried all, best email app out there, no doubt!
Please add an option in the settings that allows an alternative to the white background!
Thinks from hart
Asks you to review.  Garbage.
I like a lot
Please allow Safari to be opened. The in-app version is so tedious and disorienting. I can’t count the number of times I have to switch to another mail application to be able to switch between Safari and email contents.
Gmail keeps me sane, and I’m grateful for the app, which is easy to use and functional. My only complaint is that Labels have always been a little iffy on the app; my constructive criticism would be that they should function more like Labels on Gmail when accessed on a desktop/laptop (i.e. include a “create new Label” button in an easy-to-access location like at the top of my Labels list when I go to label an email; include a field where I can begin to type the Label I’m looking to attach to an email, and matching results will populate as I type).
This is the best!
My iPhone wasn't downloading gmail to the phone. Now I can get important emails in realtime. This entire experience with Iphone hiding gmail emails has made me think for first time in decade to get a new phone that's not apple.
Like it a lot.
Not having the ability to checkmark all of my emails as “read” or when i need to delete a large amount of emails, it is going to take some time to tap each and every email you want to perform somehing on it. I really hope google includes this feature or something similar.   Also note that gmail within a desketop browser will only allow you to see last 100 emails sent to your primary box... which does not let me select all within the browser email either... 
Overall this is a very nice email app. Needs a better support and contact system for Google but everyone knows that. As I am legally blind I use this app for a multitude of thongs sich as job searching and etc.   Does a great job of putting specific mail in specific folders when instructed.   What would I change? Possibly a smart email filter to at least began removing junk, phishing, and useless emails from people with emails that are just wack. Only real complaint is I get about 2k spam emails daily and no way to filter them automatically. I have been using an alternate app to help filter these and just would be nice if could do it directly. 
I can't open my Gmail app it kicks off after about 10-15 sec. It's frustrating if your not close to a computer to check it. In addition one of my emails disappeared and noticed yesterday when I was on the computer. I'm puzzled. Help!
Even after all these years of trying to enhance this app, they are still stuck with conversation mode only. Annoying for business people. Stick with the Apple Mail app on your phone.
I love this app and it’s almost perfect. But when I receive pictures and try to save it, the app crashes. Weird. Please fix
This is a great and handy app and I will recommend it to everyone to install on their iPhones
This has been a nice addition to Google's email family of solutions.
This is by far the best of the best!
I love it!!!
Nice app for mail. Nice graphics and fast. Also nice setup. Neato app
So far so good!😎
My gmail account has many useful features and it has never been hacked like my AOL account.
This really help me get my essays and papers to my teachers to read, thanks google!.
This is a handy app to have on a mobile device.  I haven’t had any issues with it and I get to read my emails on the go.
Excelente, muy útil contiene todo lo necesario para cualquier labor a desempeñar.
Every time Apple sends me a new update to my iPad, gMail freezes up and won’t send my e-mails!  Please fix!!!!! 
Make it possible to view the email address to which one might be responding to in the iOS app, otherwise you are just part of the problem.
Every time I go and delete mail and empty trash it goes right back
Get your sh*t together Google.
پس پس کوزبان فارسی چطوربایدفارسی کنم تاراحت بتونم استفاده کنم
Super smooth, that Google. Putting all that you need to live, technologically speaking, in one place! Kudos!!!!
Gmail app freezes all the time and inexplicably stops freezing after a few hours if I leave it alone. Restarting the app does nothing. It freezes within 2 seconds of opening the app because it goes back to the last-known location, which has something to do with the crashing.  This has been around for years and they wont acknowledge it and clearly have no interest in fixing it. 
I have this app for about 2 years now and everything was doing ok until I started to loose some space on iPhone and I’m pretty sure you know how difficult to press every single mail to delete and it’s really frustrating. If this can make the app better can we have an option whether we can delete the whole thing so it can be so much easier for us.
Why no ability to add, delete, or edit your address book?? If the app is not going to be as functional as just going to the website, why use the app.  Making you sign using your browser is annoying. I have to then sign right back out after logging in on the app.  Also stop marking all my emails as important.  Notifications don't work. Supposed to get a sound and banner when new mail arrives but I don't.  Google doesn't listen to feedback. 
The son of Google Voice, this app takes after his daddy and crashes every time I try to download an attached photo. I’m not sure what the benefit of the app is over the native iOS mail app.
Gmail’s the best email service there is and I’m happy to access it via my phone and iPad. The app is simple, user friendly and has a beautiful interface. Highly recommend.
Help me message my sad and fans that want to die
Gmail App has developed into something special, but it is 'not there' yet. It is easy to use and try's maybe too hard to think for the user on data delivery. Improvements to labelling and temporary tracking of open conversations is needed. The conversation view is great but too inflexible with no ability to manage a single email alone. Calendar integration is poor, trying to be too smart. Overall this is the best app out there, hope it does not get more bloated. Well done Gmail team. 
Can’t seem to easily add an email to the calendar. Got a reservation confirmation from yelp and no way to push to google calendar. Also, categories for things like ‘updates’ disappears after you open them. You have to go to sidebar. I also opened an email and then it disappeared from the list. I have no idea what I did but I could still find it by searching. I still prefer the “inbox” app from google over the gmail one.
You keep sending me a number to push but I co not sign in and no help is available
I have one gmail account on my normal email application on my iPhone, and then downloaded this app for my other account so that I can get independent notifications just from this email without having to toggle back and forth. Helps keep me organized and is very user friendly!
Just a really good platform. I love using this as my main mailbox. Can’t see myself with any other platform
I organize my emails in Gmail on the web by label.  But Apple Mail doesn't use labels!  This product does; and it even pre-labels my emails somehow, and does it right.    I  have some quibbles.  The reply button at the bottom of the email isn't convenient.  And it isn't clear where emails go when you flip them left or right.  To Archive, I think. 
I don’t like this app. It isn’t user friendly. Which is surprising from Google because I love them. But, a little frustrated.
A pretty good app. I really hate that I can't disable the swipe feature. Accidentally archiving a message while scrolling is frustrating. The design could have been better in this respect.
I read the review from the sight challenged guy or gal. I hope that was a real review. I almost got a little teary eyed when the writer expressed such an emotional gratitude for being so responsive.   My experience has been ok with this app but hesitant. I kept the iPhone mail as my primary comfort level until I got used to these mailbox categories. The one thing I noticed that I liked better than the other iPhone mail is that I receive an alert first on this app before my iPhone mail app.   Thank you for the efficiency. 
I have some very specific emails I want to be notified about, but my only option is either all or none. I don’t want hundreds of notifications every day, only the 4 or 5 I care about. It looks like Gmail has this option on android but not iOS.
يستحق التنزيل
Has really simplified my email usage by connecting to all devices.  Fought changing for so long, wish I had done it sooner.
And it’s good.
Please provide TouchID option or passcode to lock app when not in use
Every Google app on my phone has stopped working. This includes Gmail, YouTube, Maps, Chrome, Home, Search, Voice, and Hangouts. They show in the multitasking view but never open. There is no way to communicate this to Google as their help pages advise you to contact them via their apps. What now Google? By comparison, I was able to start a chat with Apple in minutes. Is this what Android users have to deal with?
The app has a lot of great features but why-o-why do I have to scroll all the way down to the bottom of the email in order to reply or forward?  I use Gmail for work and have many long email chains and find myself scrolling forever just so I can respond.
I’d like to have the ability to “select all” and delete a large batch in one move, especially in my Promotions or Social mailboxes.
Very helpful app
Yes google is the best and fastest app out there.
Email is so much easier with this app. I’m more on top of my email and less stressed out about it.
Like when I just downloaded this application it is real good when a new thing comes out the notification real fast tells me stuff
Love the gmail app!
I love the app as most of you probably do and will as well, but I have one little hang up. I wish it had the ability to search for the folder in which you would like to move an email. Yes I understand that you can scroll, but as a small business owner, I keep 100s of folders and love clearing out my inbox in a hurry. Please add this.   Your loyal g suite customer, John 
I’ve been asking for help but no one helps me!!!!!!! It’s been like ........... for ever I leave messages every where I can but nothing gets done why? Why!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
App is very clean I might say. Entirely more pleasing than this absolutely disgraceful App Store !
After last IOS update glitch in Gmail App prevents use of keyboard and paste functions when typing login, password, and two step security functions. Keyboard doesn’t appear most of the time when prompted to enter login, password, and two step security code from text message or one-time code. Paste function sometimes works then doesn’t. After multiple attempts to restart login process, Google locked my account.
I haven’t received emails on my Gmail account since October 2017. Ive asked for help and not had any success with it. I’m disappointed with this, and i might even need to start using my yahoo account instead of this one.
Awesome
If you are using a refreshable braille display, or the braille screen input feature to write your e-mails, this app is now completely unuseable. If you try to Braille, no spaces are inserted and your e-mail is just one big long word. I've had to rvert to Apple mail, and it took me forever to get to where I could use all of my aliuses that I had set up for Gmail. Anyway, Braille users should avoid this app.
Not bad for an email 😬
50% chance The app will crash at start. Never had this issue ever with Gmail. Otherwise, a great app. New: Now it crashes all the time. Been using this app for years and loved it until now!!!!
Gmail delivers a good email experience free of glitches and bugs that have plagued competitors that I've tested. The only issues I have with the app are: 1) too many ads  2) mediocre file attachment system. Just look at Outlook mobile. Then copy it. For example, why can't we look through the different photo albums on our iPhones when attaching photos? Instead it forces us into the Moments album only. Where's the support for attaching from other cloud services? Google drive is the only option.   3) not enough control over notifications. I'd like to be able to mute all email notifications except for messages that come from a certain person or are sent to a certain label (Google's name for inbox subfolders). Instead, the options for notifications are: all new mail, primary only or none. Why not give us more control? I only want to be notified of an email from my immediate family and a handful of others. Besides them everyone else can kindly wait until I choose to actively check my own email. I'd rather not be bombarded with constant notifications on my phone, tablet and watch for promotions, newsletters, etc.. And the "primary only" option relies on Google's ability to decide which of my messages are high priority, which Google isn't very good at.   Resolve these three issues and this app gets 5 starts! Thanks! 
Than making this app better.   Google was once a place to find information. It had no bias. It was the modern day tool to educate yourself. Unfortunately Google has lost its way. Hiding factual information from users, Turning up incorrect search Results that have nothing to do with what you’re looking for. This is simply because google Will no longer share information it doesn’t want you to know about. It’s time for a change. Boycott google. 
I absolutely hate the conversation view that gmail has, and unlike on the desktop version, the app is impossible to change. I will be deleting it and going back to the general iPhone mail app.
Best service
This email app is junk. Can’t even do a simple task of selecting all emails for deletion.
I dislike conversation view and would love the option to disable it on the mobile app version.
No problems
My gmail app crashes daily on my iPhone. Never had this issue with Samsung.
Plz look into this problem
Everything is great but not having access to the cloud or files when on iPad is a huge inhibitor. Please add in this function.
Great app no doubt. Pretty standard app that many people use. However, no real return receipt function. It’s not an obvious function if available and I don't think it exists on the mobile app which is more important nowadays than the computer web version for me and many others.  We need an easy to use return receipt function. If it were embedded thats fine too. 
I love this app so much, it’s so useful and easy to use. I highly recommend to everyone.
The app works well except for the fact that it consistently crashes and locks up...would be nice if Google could figure that out.
I am running iOS 11.2 on iPhone 8. The app crashes everytime I try to download attachments from mail. It doesn't receive mail until I open the App . Please fix this.
I don’t understand why every app that I use can use the multitasking function, except for gmail. I can’t use the app and look at safari or chrome at the same time. That function is so useful, but for some reason google is incapable of enabling that function. 🤬😡🤯
They are always trying to progress everyday
Nothing but great things to say about this futuristic , next level email platform...Google is the future, don’t get left behind !
Essential
Only feature missing is to undo read status on existing mail
The best mail app for iOS, and I’ve used a few. I’ve probably had at least one gmail account longer than most of the internet has been been alive. I’ve never seriously cleaned my inbox beyond deleting promotional mailings, and I don’t ever expect to run out of space. The app is incredibly stable with good functionality, allowing direct links between Chrome and other Google apps. For the same reason I use Apple products, I use Google web and location services. They’re the Apple of the web. ;-)
Nice as a gmail app it must be like that none special but great for da decent job🤙🤙❤️
Nice
I don’t like any other email apps
Only options for attachments are photos, recent attachments and Drive. Why not give us the ability to send from local files?  Why can't I attach a file from Drive that's the actual file and not a link where I have to amend share permissions?  Google. You're going to start loosing people if you get away from allowing competition and openness. It's what made you great. 
I love everything else about the app, but I can’t be the only one who can’t seem to find ANYTHING relevant when searching for deleted/archived/soldered emails! Come on, Google.
App  bro
After last update i gmail crash after i try to save image from my mail box.please fix it.
Gmail has be my one and only email application I use! It works perfectly and does what I want it to I recommend it!
Over the last few weeks emails no longer get marked as read when I read them. It’s very sporadic but enough to be incredibly annoying.
Love the presentation but only problem s that it only supports mails on Gmail and doesn’t support other mailing addresses.
Simple.  Easy to use.  Love it!!
I would really like to be able to delete multiple emails at once. If there is an option now, I would love to know.  Would give 5 if this was an option.
so so
I'm very satisfied with this app, I even had my wife install it on her device. Been using it for a while and no problems, can't really complain! We both like it!
I was an android user for years so I already was pretty deeply invested in Google’s ecosystem.  I bought an iPhone primarily because I prefer the hardware.  On either platform, this is the easiest, most visually clean email app I’ve ever used, and far less invasive than iOS email.    Honestly, all of Google’s mobile apps are here, and they all run beautifully. 
Plainly put, it’s a great and user-friendly app!
Tht mobile version doesn't allow you to insert canned responses, it invariably lists emails on conversation style despite setting it otherwise, and should have a side swipe feature for marking emails unread. Would love a color coded option to categorize important emails etc. This app has a ways to go in terms of features.
The new design of the gmail app on iOS still forces you to load ALL images. It will not respect your settings to not load images in emails and this is a privacy problem as advertisers know when you open an email based on links in images. The old gmail app respected this setting and the Android app does too. This needs to be fixed for the new iOS app! Privacy settings and controls should be in the hands of users, not Google.
I have tried been on other apps for email, but I just love gmail. It's used friendly, very easy to use, just everything about it I like. Try it if you haven't. I guarantee you will love it too!!
Love it!
I love it❤️
Very convenient application absolutely recommend it
I must say it is difficult to delete & unsubscribe from crap.  Don't care for gmail.
Been using it for over 10 years and it’s never failed me. Great for storing contacts and backing them up.
Keeps crashing when I try to save attachments. I can’t find any support or help from the developer. Any ideas? Thanks
This is great for email and work it has been better than the apple and easier to function with my school , personal, and job related emails
I’ve been using gmail and Google apps for iOS for many years. I used to have my gmail go to my Apple mail app, but recently decided to keep those accounts separate for organizational reasons, however I have not figured out how to delete messages except for one by one. This surprised me as I find Google to generally be among the most useful and intuitive series of apps out there.  Suggestions?
My company uses gmail with our own domain. Therefore, I use the gmail app (Version 5.0.171120) for iOS so I don’t get my personal emails accidentally mixed up via the iOS built-in mail app.   My issue is that I am unable to directly access my company directory or “my contacts” from the gmail app and I am forced to log into gmail via iOS Safari/Chrome via a “desktop” version page and select “standard” at the bottom of the webpage in order to access these abilities from a mobile device. This is cumbersome and not practical for business/corporate users.   I am often required to compose emails that need to be sent to a large group of people via personalized groups in “my contacts” and could greatly benefit from this being added to the app.   Additionally, why is it I cannot turn off conversation mode on iOS? 
Really keeps me up to date with my emails. I think I check my emails better than my messages
When I open an email, I can’t move it, delete it, nor return to the previous folder. This problem started with the latest “update”. I’ve deleted & re-installed the app twice, and the problem continues.
This is especially useful for those who have google accounts (everyone)
It seems to be totally random when the notifications for new mail show up on the lock screen. Same goes for the icon badges. The icon badge also tends to linger around for a while after the messages are read or deleted.
It’s definitely a great app.  I have two different emails (personal and professional) but need to be notified for birth so I use the iPhone email service for my personal and this app for my professional email.  It’s a very user friendly app too which is a definite plus
Terrible interaction with iCloud. Won’t let me create a new iCloud account.
It was fine now it's unusable
Love this app! I refuse to use the iPhone mail app. Gmail app is the way to go!
This is a great app but it has needed a tab for only displaying unread mail in the inbox for years.  Please add this feature 
Been using Gmail for over 10 years and wouldn't use any other at all. Everything connected to Google (excluding some cell phones) rocks and works with every part of life. The photos pics etc etc
The app keeps crashing and saying there are connectivity issues. I keep having to delete the app and reinstalling to look at my emails properly. This is definitely a new issue as I've had the app for a year and nothing like this has ever happened.
Why is there not group contact in the mobile app?! Neither can I find an easy way to do it in the browser. The email addresses I copied from Google sheets didn’t work either. Impossible to work with on my phone.
I like this app very much. Very easy to use and intuitive ice you get used to it. Easy too switch in between accounts which is very helpful.
Wonderful!!
I like this app i use it quite a bit. But it kind of confused me and I don't know what to do. It was complicated, and you can't use hangouts, which makes me a bit upset 😭. But other than that, I get it and I like I can have gmail on my iPad and laptop.
Having lots of different problems with gmail. The top functions aren’t working well have to keep hitting them. Very frustrating.
Notifications not working I put it on but it doesn't work that all priblem I give it a 4 star
Well, I have a lot of mails and it doesn’t send to me, so I upload this app and everysingle thing sends to me, now I can see my important stuff.love the app
Makes life easy
Love how the the app is easier to use than the native iOS app, but after three updates back the app crashes after about 30 seconds. Was hoping it would be fixed with this last update after sending in feedback but no luck.
Great.
One of the worlds best app ever
The badge icon doesn’t update at all and doesn’t remove itself when you check your emails.
Everyone asks for this. Why not fix?
Gets the job done
Now that I think about it it's the best app I own. Absolutely no problems flawless and a ton of advanced features all for free. It's better and easier than gmail.com the website.
My only real complaint is that there's no auto-delete function; you need to open the email in order to delete it.
Love it.
I've already noted this and got no reply, so my rating goes down the more often my complaint is voiced, but not responded to.   I want my "Inbox" back!  I briefly installed Google's "Inbox" app, but I hated it and soon removed it.  For me the "All Mail" and "Everything" are the same!  Why would I want to see an email I recently deleted, when going to my inbox?  Please tell me how to get it back! 
Best email app
Thank you for making an easy to use email system. The sign on is efficient and familiar. Text is easy to read, logo is great.
Awesome
So frustrating it keeps crashing every time I change inbox
I’m a pretty good reviewer but also a “basic” internet user.  It has everything the average person needs.  Unless something drastically changes, this is my favorite email app.
I was thinking about a delete all to get rid of all your email because you have to go on your computer to delete all of your email
I’ve use this app for quite some time and all of a  sudden now you cannot print it forces closed the app, please fix this is very frustrating as I use my work email on my phone and work from home. Please also fix it so that people can delete more than one email at a time it is very frustrating and time-consuming to go through and click on every email in my junk folder or in promotions or whatever else may be the case.
It’s easy to use.  I have no complaints.
Every time I hit the download button the app force closes. Need this feature for work! Please fix!
Love it
Every time I try to save an image to my iPad from an email attachment it crashes the app.
The last couple versions have suffered from constant freezes on multiple devices, including a brand new iPad Pro. Please fix!
this garbage app crashes every dang time i try to save a photo its just the dumbest thing so f***ing god damned annoying trash basket app
The app doesn't allow us to "select all" files from a certain sender so we can bulk delete them. We have to do it one by one.  A huge step backwards, in my opinion. 
the following need to be fixed with this app 1. when you open a link and select safari it does not open it in safari in a seperate window. but does when you install chrome 2. it does not block pictures from auto downloading like the web interface 3. they took away the check boxes for multiselection over the tap and hold and then multi select. 4. does not integrate into OS so clicking on email addresses will not open this app.  in otherwords web interface is still better then this app 
Fast & easy to use. Intuitive. Use it constantly. Great app!
Up
Everytime I download this app, it works for awhile then somehow it finds its way of not working now it keeps saying “no connection “ then last time I used it it just wouldn’t load. I can’t believe that google ain’t got the funds to fix this bug I will never use google again, switching to Hotmail
After updating the app, I now cannot open my email. Everytime I open the app, it immediately closes out.
I used Microsoft’s Hotmail for about 17 years, then they made it difficult to use on an iPad unless we started paying to use it. Gmail works with everything, it’s free, and you aren’t tied to an internet company. If you use an employer-based email service your email address shows where you work and you lose your privacy that way. The company can read your email too.  This is much more private.  I have had no trouble using it.
This is an absolute necessity at this point.  Must add: -Snoozing of emails -Google reminders integration -"Save to Gmail" sheet like inbox.   This app will be PERFECT of you do. Please! 
The new version started to download remote images when you view a message. This way the Nigerian prince knows when you read his plea for help.   This is, obviously, a huge privacy breach. There is no way to disable this new "feature” (the configuration option in settings seems to have no effect).  Good for Google's business, Nigerian royalty in distress, and advertisers. Bad for us, users.  I am uninstalling the app, and switching to iOs built in mail app.  I understand gmail is just a data collector for your advertisement business, but geez. 
I’ve been a user since conception of gmail.  Come on in! What ya waiting for? 
I like musically but it fun
I enjoy the simplicity and speed.   I wish that when sending a large document from google docs, I wouldn't have to wait for it to send, it would be best if it would send in the background instead of having to wait for the status bar to finish turning blue. 
Not useful without unified inbox support.
I used this app before but it had issues. Waited to see if the bugs would be fixed. Never touched. Deleted the app. With IOS 11 update the email I used in this apps place quit working too. I waited to see it it would be updated. The developers must have stopped updating it to the point the app was dropped. By this time a year had passed and I thought, “Hey, the developers surely fixed the issues with the app I’m now reviewing. Let’s give it a try once again.”  Well, I still have to open the email to mark it read (original complaint) but when I move to the next email to do the same thing then the email I just opened and closed went back to being unread. Seriously!!!! Deleting again. I don’t have time for this silly non-working app for the simple common sense step to show an email as read.
I like the App and it’s organizing abilities but the browser preview is the worst! It’s been added and removed with different versions but now it’s back again! All my passwords and auto-logins are in safari, so having an intermediary window open up is a waste of time and a PITA to click the safari browser icon every time. This isn’t an android phone, so please stop forcing us on your browser and just seamlessly integrate into the safari browser when we open links. Or at least give us the option. Thank you.
Best email application out there!
Simple to understand and easy to use. No real complaints but I don't use my iPad for work emails that often so I am not a heavy user.
Pretty good. Like yahoo better. For some reason will not mesh with other  gmail accounts on iPad. It does on iPhone.
Literally best multi platform mail app I’ve ever used. It’s smart, efficient, effective, and sleek. Managing different accounts has never been easier.
Please add a Read All button. It glitched out and now says i have 763 messages unread. The app is really good and clean but adding this would be a great benefit.
This app works well for my purposes! No complaints at all!!
The new color scheme and interface is horrible! All these years and you still can't turn off conversation view in the iOS app! Will be switching back to old version.
This app is awesome will continue to use it as long as it exist dont need nothing else but this to keep my email going good worked great when i was on android and now on my iphone 8 plus its also working great thanks
I was forced to download this app because my old mail app - which worked perfectly well for me - wouldn't allow me to send mail anymore. This is not what I want. I want all my email accounts in one place, and I don't have time to learn every time they force me to download something new. There are better things in life to spend my time on than freaking apps.
Very easy interface to work with
Love this app go straight to my Gmail don't have to go to nothing else goes straight to it
I like using this more than outlook and yahoo since it allows me to seamlessly transition to all of my gmail accounts! The only downside is that it does not always notify me of new mail, and when it catches up, it can sometimes be excessive.
It’s major problem is you can not delete all or Mark all  as read on your phone. You have to do it on the computer which most people now use tablets ( you can’t do it on). That’s the only problem they need to fix.
Don’t know if it’s my phone or the app. When I open it now, most of the touch functions don’t work when trying to trash an email or do much of anything w an open email. Doesn’t resolve by anything other than restarting phone and even then touch still doesn’t work.   Will probably go to Apple store and see if it’s the phone. No other apps have had this issue thus far, though. 
I use this everywhere, for everything. I love how multipurpose it is. I appreciate being able to login anywhere in the world to get to my email. The ability to use this as a signin for other apps and computer programs is also a plus. The star feature in the email is nice, as well as creating categories and colors for various emails. No complaints. I’m a true fan.
Very good
التطبيق ممتاز جداً❤️
Amazing App
I’m pleased with Gmail.
I love this app because I can email my friends from school
It works way better because I have a iPhone and this is better and easier and I get all the notifications!
Happy happy year and hope the next update we see more and more nice for apps ..
I am aware that Google is good about notifying you would expect unauthorized activity. I have yet to see, and hopefully never see any fraudulent email or spam or ? Whatever you call it when someone you know, and have their contact info and visa versa. But one day you get an email from them that it's not typical of any messages that they sent you. So you go and click on the reply button, i'm just as you suspected, is not them, but instead some fraud.  What is that called? Same thing when you get emails from the IRS allegedly.  That's why I keep my Google mail limited to my job search. However I have been trying to reach a live person at Google, And I hope you provide that life-support. Since July 2017, I have not received any Gmail's on my Mac mail client.  Comcast hates people having hardships and therefore suspended my internet services. So my MacBook Pro, which is currently being serviced, and my iMac are using my girlfriends internet.  I'm sure I am on able to upgrade my browser and Gmail on my iMac because it may not be upgradable, however I still like using my Mac mail client, and have a ton of  emails there. I just don't want to be having so many mail clients. As much as I would like to use the Gmail for everything I like to be able to have everything separated by the individual email accounts.  Although I am up-to-date with my email on my iPhone, before I do anything else, I need to get my Gmail corrected so I still get that on my macmail.  I just got new settings from Comcast to have new emails come in as imap, but it's pointless if you cannot delete those emails across all devices as you were supposed to do with IMAP. Then what do you do with all the POP emails.  So I need to reach you directly, which I also hopefully did via email to help me with this 
👌👍
I love Gmail. Could not get along without it.
App is very great. You can customize whether to archive the email or delete it.   It is very streamlined and efficient. There are some issues. There is no way to send an email to your work group to let them know that you have a change in the document or update them on a change in an event. Attachments need to be more than just photos supporting apples new file I would be very useful. In general, If you’re trying to send a simple email to one contract it is extremely useful however if you’re trying to manage you work contacts and group management you’re better off using the native app. 
I love the app for the most part. My only complaints are it says I have an unread email but I don’t. This happens every once in a while and will last for weeks. The other thing is emails I deleted are showing back up in my inbox.
Easy to use and visually appealing
It’s a good app I was looking at the languages it had in the description on the App Store and it said “Filipino” instead of “Tagalog” LOL all I had to say
On attempting to download a jpeg attachment the app would crash every time. Deleted the app. Sticking with the iOS mail app.
Convenient and very fast. Recommend to anyone with a gmail account
Though gmail isn’t the original gmail it was at time I signed up, it keeps looking for ways to make emailing better.
For the most part it works fine. The only one major flaw that I haven’t found a way to solve is how to add the signature before the quoted text. This works fine on android but for some reason doesn’t work on iOS
I wish that you were able to select all unread for  marking as read.  Also be able to set up filters in the app
even on my ip #a1
Please give us an app for Apple Watch
The ease and security of my G-Mail. Easy to navigate through for someone with limited experience. Give G-Mail a try!
أمن و بديع سلس  في استخدام
I wish the spam feature was better. Tons of fake emails that claim to be amazon or the like. Report spam, then receive the same email next day. There should be a way to block the sender or something.
Nice app. Does what I need it to do
Such a clean and reliable email client. Loaded with features and well maintained by the big G.
Good app but I had to dock two stars for missing a couple of features most important to me. Please add the option to swipe right to mark individual messages as “read”. Also, it would be a great time saver to group all unread messages from all accounts to one location.
Excellent for basic Gmail tasks.  Would love a way in the App to:  1.  Create a Label,   2. display our Inbox in the same way it's displayed in the Google desktop version, 3. View and modify all the Settings that are in the Desktop version. 4. When we Share a link, the App no longer inserts a Subject (I.e., - it leaves the Subject line blank).  Safari still does insert the Subject.   Please restore this to the way it was before recent Gmail App updates, thanks. 
I’ve used various other email apps,paid and free, and gmail is the easiest and most intuitive app out there.
For my business and personal emails, Gmail is the best!
I like the gmail iOS app better than the native iOS mail app, but I am unable to download JPG attachments to the camera roll. It crashes EVERY time. Other people have also had this problem. For this reason, I am unable to use this app and have to unfortunately delete it.
The security is excellent and I do get the mail. What can I say? It’s google.
One of the best email apps I’ve had the pleasure to use.  Well organized UI with common use themes across a the 4 platforms I use regularly.
Was told it was much better than the Apple Mail app.  Deleted Gmail after about a half an hour and went back to Mail. Thunderbird, on my MacBook Air, is still, my favorite mail client.
The google apps have taken a serious turn for the worst in iOS. Gmail and google maps especially.  Gmail likes to crash whenever I try to download anything from my email onto my phone. It also crashes while trying to save a simple picture.  I’m about to just say screw it and find alternatives for everything google based. 
I bought a apple phone and I was try to get a gmail from apple mail. Apple mail give you the opportunity to sign up for gmail account; unfortunately it gets rejected by apple mail, so I download the gmail app. I was force to provide a phone number when I downloaded the gmail app. Since I refuse to provide a number My gmail account was disconnected. When I try to recover my email... google account said : YOU account cannot be restored because its FOUND in VIOLATION Of GOOGLE POLICIES.. !!! note: Don't sign up for gmail on apple mail and then get the gmail app--> gmail will cancel your email because that's a violation of gmail app policie Note : I give one star because there is not option for zero star 
It's greatttt!!!
Best email app period.
Would recommend GmailAs it has many useful features. It would be nice to be able to put emails into folders easier. I enjoyed the future that you can remove multiple emails at one time.
I like it. It's really useful when you don't have a computer, you can use it in a smartphone and not waste time bye going to your computer.:)
I love the gmail app. Make sorting important email from the junk super easy.
Gmail is reliable. Thanks!
This email service is easy to use and works well when you are bouncing between your phone and different computers.  It updates quick and provides an easy way to pass files between different devices.  Very professional and helpful in the business world.  Scott 
Tbh, this app is awesome! Let’s you search your mail when you need to find specific ones, very easy all-in-one app! Definitely recommended!
Installed the latest update, now all it does is crash. Thanks Gmail, uninstalling now.
I've been using Google's Gmail app for many years now and generally love it or don't hate it, but it's REALLY getting on my nerves recently. For at least a month now, I've been getting dozens of notifications and banners for obvious spam emails- usually CVS, Walmart, or Amazon rewards or gift cards etc but from scam addresses with all the hallmarks of scam and spam emails trying to avoid spam filters. What's especially annoying about these is that Gmail itself is correctly identifying them as spam and putting the email in the spam folder, so even when I tap the banner to open it and report it as spam, it's not there to open and goes right to the inbox. Google, WHY are you constantly sending me notifications for spam email that you've already identified and classified as spam?! I'm getting sometimes close to a dozen a day! Low rating remains while my time is wasted and patience tested by terrible app behavior. I miss the good Google of the old days.
Try multi-billion dollar company.
I have not had any issues with gmail and use it on my laptop, android phone and iPad. The Apple store even set it up so my other email address filters through gmail so I do not have to check two inboxes. Really efficient.
I have been using gmail for quite a long time , it is practical and easy to use , great for saving information, I recommend it to everyone
Easy to use, great security features and integrity (compatibility) with multiple platforms and softwares.
Flexibility just as if I was working on the email online. Great app always on the go with a smartphone.
It use to be the only email app I used but anymore I am unable to open any thing from within emails and that makes this about useless to me. Hell yahoo mail is better than gmail anymore.
Every other app I use supports split view on iPad. Why not this one?
I really like gmail. I’ve been using it for 5 years now and can’t complain about anything. The app is well put together and offers great features such as google drive and more. It is also very easy to move between accounts.
Without fail, this app crashes within 15 seconds of me clicking on it every time i try and use it, google, please fix your app!!!!!
I’ve been using Gmail for so many years and haven’t had any issues. So, definitely recommend to others to sign up for it.
I ended up deleting Gmail because it has ads. I don't like ads. The stock Apple Mail app works fine for all my email needs.
This is the email app that I have used and enjoyed.  Mastering it and getting some help with the organizational capabilities has made all of the difference in my appreciation for the app.  I would not be the same without it! Dr. T.S. Brodar Rural Delphi, Indiana. 46923 
Every time I open the app it closes and the worst is it closes in the middle of you writing an email. It doesn't save it to drafts!  Please fix this issue ! I don't need to load my email 5 times before I can finally look and use the app.
Good at at what it’s suppose to do
So far so good the app works fine...
Excellent one
I really need to easily sort emails, and delete them in blocks, without opening each. Tell me how to delete 100 at a time? 
I’ve actually had a Gmail account for several years, but never really used it...until now. I didn’t like that you could not sort emails by Sender in Gmail, so I stubbornly stuck with Yahoo.   But finally got tired of the multiple Yahoo security breaches and  endless ads and switched over. I can’t believe I waited so long. Gmail is a superior email client that is both powerful and easy to use. Plus, the interface is super clean. Even using the Gmail app on my iPad.  The only reason I only gave 4 stars is because I’d still like to be able to sort emails by Sender. Even so, I hardly miss that feature. 
I love this app use it all the time
If the user can’t find it, it’s not there!!
I have accounts with AOL, Yahoo, Gmail, Outlook and Exchange. Each one has 90% of what I would consider being ideal - but none is perfect. I’ve had issues trying to add my other accounts to Gmail, which is far easier (and more successful) in some of the other apps. I also seem to get quite a bit more spam in the Gmail accounts, which are filtered a bit better in the other accounts (except Outlook, which is horrible). All-in-all, though, pretty happy with the Gmail app.
Can’t save videos or pictures app always crashes and closes
Since I got my iPhone X the gmail app has been crashing anytime I try to save a picture from an email to my phone. It closes down and doesn’t save the picture. Please fix!
Seems to be improving as it is being tweaked
It’s not a bad app...  HOWEVER, the app needs MORE TYPES and LOUDER SOUND NOTIFICATIONS.   I’m a Trader and a Broker and I need to be able to HEAR my e-mail notifications from a MILE AWAY, ALL THE TIME!   Please UPDATE as soon as possible.  Thank you. 
I really enjoy the app, especially because you can indicate which emails are spam.
This recent update 👎🏽. I prefer Gmail app over the iPhone Mail app and was excited for the update, but so much for adding non-Google accounts. The app keeps saying my iCloud password or username is incorrect (even after I changed my password thinking maybe I forgot it). I’m disappointed.
I like my Gmail App a lot! It is easy to manage.
This app not suprisingly got so much bugs again, i check the option that i dont want to  merge my emails from same sender in to one mail, and show them sepertly for god’s  sake but it doesn’t work, whts wrong with you? why dont you test your apps before publishing it?
What more could one expect in today’s day and age without incurring any cost ? Thanks Google,  for enriching our lives. 
Want to unsubscribe from a spam email? Too bad! Move it out of spam? Still can’t unsubscribe. Absolutely terrible compared to the other choices.
Very frustrating app. Was seamless, now it loses emails, search completes name but finds nothing. Somehow moved and deleted a critical email. Have used gmail for many years, now wondering what else is out there. Be very careful using it. Just because it’s in your inbox doesn’t mean it’s there. This particular email was less than a week old.
I’ve used GMail for four years on my iPhone for my work email.  Today it wouldn’t let me sign on without installing some new security to allow my company to have access to my entire phone!  I own the phone - my company pays nothing towards it.  They told me not to install it. Now I can’t get onto my work email!  What the hell!?!
I love gmail it’s pretty easy to use but it’s has its problems I think it’s a little confusing at first I feel like they could organize everything a bit better and maby they could organize the conversations better so it’s easier for the user but still a very great app
I have never had any issue with this app. Which is a hard remark since most app always have at least I problem with them.
They said you can now adjust the font size, but the adjustment in display settings does nothing. Until I can read my email, the app isn’t much good.  It also does not pull up the keyboard and place the cursor after tapping Reply. And it will not access my contacts when I want to send an email. 
Very user friendly & the app keeps you very organized. I'm a huge fan of all Googles Apps for my business & personal needs. It syncs seamlessly so I can stay on top of all my tasks & keep doing what I do best. No hassle just straight to business.
Being able to prioritize and choose which e-mails I am notified with makes signing up for online shopping, and crap like that easy as pie. As those go directly to an inbox named promotions and never have to be seen. And the e-mails from my sons teachers get a ding so I check it right away!! But I am a lover of all things Google and how it can sync my life together no matter where I am at or what electronic I break.
Great app overall but my only complaint is that I often have times where it will say I have a notification for an email in my primary box, but I don’t. Small annoying issue but great other than that.
Choosing multiple emails to move/ delete makes the app lag for multiple seconds and eventually crash. Frustrating using this for work.
I love it.
great, always
How can you write if you can’t see
I’ve been using the Gmail App for years now, and I love the ease of use it provides. You can have multiple gmail logins at the same time and toggle between them. Easy to read text and options allow you to easy manage your mailbox. Attachments are easily viewable no matter what type of file they may be (jpg., .pdf., or doc.)   Overall a great way to have your gmail accounts on the go. 
Coming from Android I could view all my email accounts in one tab. On iOS I have to tab through them.   Not convenient. Let me know when you catch up to the android version. (That’s weird to say) 
Quisiera decir que es de lo mejorcito, pero la verdad es que aún tiene detalles que le faltan ajustar. Sin embargo, es de lo mejorcito que se puede encontrar.
I need a setting to allow me to choose whether I want to go back to the inbox or to the previous/next message when deleting an email. You have that on Android so why not iOS. Please add it pleaseeee
Never had a problem using gmail, been using this for many years
This is actually really good! Unlike iCloud, Gmail does not confuse me. In iCloud I also do not like the setup compared to Gmail. I recommend this to all of you, especially if you have to much mail filling up your iCloud. 
If you like ads in your email client, then this is the app for you
I’ve been happy so far!
It’s very convenient and well organized😍
Necessary to add 3d touch preview combined with swipe right/left options ( specially mark as read)
The GMail app is so versatile , I am able to access my mail via the user friendly categories, this saves me the tedious searches for mail from my friends and business associates. Thank you for your creativity.
I have 2 new email notification for almost 2 months now, I’ve checked all my email accounts email by email, but the notifications doesn’t go away. It’s pretty annoying
My name is Frankie from Palm Harbor Florida I have been using Gmail for 3 years its great I trust the service I have never had a problem of any kind . Thank u Gmail.
For the most part I enjoy this app. Don’t have too many complaints. Google makes good products and has great services.
Good app
Great app
App crashes anytime you try to save a photo to a device. Tried on iPhone X and 1st gen iPad Pro running newest version of iOS.
Doesn’t work on the iPhone 8
Great but need option turn off conversation view
Use it for all my personal email needs!
Gmail needs to add a app for the Apple watch! Other wise nice app!
Lately it’s been very annoying where it’s telling I have a new email and I don’t that’s getting very annoying please update !
When I get emails with photo attachments, I click to save them but the app immediately crashes every time.  Otherwise I love this app. PLEASE FIX! 
Google mail is the best spam free app available.   Love it. 
It’s great and never freeze up where I can’t empty my spam or trash. It’s easy to navigate
Why did they get rid of this?   I’m trying to delete an email that takes up a lot of space within a chain without deleting the entire chain. I used to be able to do this in older versions. 
I don’t know if anyone else is experiencing this, but for some reason most of the push notifications I get for the last couple of updates is about my spam folder. I won’t click on the banner and just go to the app. I then find the notification is for something in my spam folder. I wish I could more efficiently control what folders push notifications to my phone. I would prefer to never get a push notification for a spam message.
Best email client ever
One word, AMAZING
I mean it is gmail. Hands down the best email out there. End of story
it always works when i need it too and is easy to use
But. I miss googles homepage. I think it was called google chrome homepage. This fn spam. Email is a joke. I sign up for tinder and i have every spam dating site emailing me all day. I sign up for indeed and i have 200 different emails from every getto job seeking service in America.  I know its not you but google and i are stuck in neutral when it comes to being on the inside curve.
Very static
It is too difficult to manage junk mail.
Es la mejor apps de correo, permite un manejo fluido y la posibilidad de gestionar todas tus cuentas incluso la de otros proveedores de servicio. En lo que se refiere a la búsqueda es rápida y precisa.   Otra de sus grandes ventajas es ofrecer la capacidad de almacenamiento gratuito y permitir una interfaz fácil de comprender y trabajar. 
Why do attachments populate inline in the message? I just want to attach pictures like normal from my photo roll. Why does it seem like this isn’t possible now? The default behavior is confusing, please fix!
This app is literally the best. I have no problems and it it super easy to use. It lets you switch to any gmail you have and it is quick easy and painless I definitely recommend this app
fast、very nice
I didn’t even look at the thing to see if this was free or not is it free?
Me fascina después de todo me ayuda en muchas cosas y es rápido
This is 10 Stars good I love it!
I love the fact that my email is sorted into primary, updates, social, and promotions – it saves time and gets rid of a lot of junk that I don’t need to read every day.
I like the app every thing has been working the way it should. I would recommend it to anyone.
رائع
I’d like it much better if there wasn’t an ad that shows up at the top of my inbox every time I check my mail. I’ll be switching back to my mail app if it doesn’t give me the option to shut it off.
Simple, uncomplicated and easy to use.
Downloaded the new version.  The type is still too small so I am deleting it and using Edison.  There is no option for larger fonts and it does not support the iPhone zoomed view and font selections.
Always shows 1 unread email when there is actually none! Looks like more users are having this problem and it’s not just me.
Functional app that beats all email apps even apple native email app .
From the clunky conversation view mode that's always been an issue with Gmail, to the similarly always an issue clunky content organization, to the extremely buggy behaviors (truncated messages/replies, text layout problems, selection bugs), this is now officially the worst email client i have ever used. I've used many and this is the top of the bad. There's nothing to recommend here.  To think that they've now added the "feature" to manage other email accounts with this app... utterly laughable... were it not so unfunny that this is considered a product for actual human beings to use. 
App will interrupt what you are doing to pester you for a rating.
Faster and less time consuming to check emails. Cld be better when u need to delete old messages.
Great display and organization
This app is very useful and easier to use then logging in and checking online.
So far over the years no issues I’m happy
I like it.  Easy to use and intuitive.
Constantly wants a new password!!!
Been using Gmail from the start. Love it. The best on the market and its free. Google is the best.
I really do not like Google forcing their decisions on me.  Basic management is impossible.  Simple indicator of emails doesn’t exist - I really don’t want my phone interrupting me every time someone sends an email.  The online persistence and expectation that I have to live my life around an app is likely going to come to a head.  I am an IT professional and we are currently in a path of zombies of needless overwhelming noise.  Meaningful work and decisions are no longer possible.
Works just as expected
Never had issues with any google apps. Makes life easier.
And I can’t figure out how to turn it off.  I deleted this app and switched to Outlook, which is surprisingly good so far.
Some love it, some hate it. Please give us a toggle to turn it on or off.
I tried logging into my Gmail account for school and it won’t access! Google please help me with it or someone tell me what I can do...
I like my GMail accounts.  Very easy easy all the way around.  The only thing I don’t like is not being able to delete recent attachments.  Thank you Sue 
It is a very good resource it is better than Yahoo! From a one to ten scale I would rate it 8 1/2
You should make an option where you can delete all of your mail instead of having to go through and delete it all one by one. It would be very helpful.
Easy to switch between accounts and manage emails, I especially like how it bundles all promotional emails together
We use gmail for our business and most is via the app. Either way, there needs to be some updating as far as the sent mail goes. When you send an email, it needs to go to sent, period. I don’t need it back in the inbox when someone replies. A reply is a reply. I also don’t need replies to said sent item stacking up. Each reply should be separate. I can’t add a photo to the mobile signature. If I tag something to be in a folder and I want to delete a reply to that item, it deletes the entire email. Why? The whole system needs to work more like Outlook to be fully functioning.
Great
This app is so easy to use and find your emails and it is so organized.You should use this app if you need a fast and organized email app.
Love this app. Just love it no complaints
Works good, but i can’t send Notes from my iPhone
This app would be perfect but if only it added the all inbox feature in iOS like for android
Easy to use!
If you choose to open a link in safari, gmail opens it in a limited safari window within gmail. Choose to open it in Chrome and of course you are taken to the full version of chrome. The limitation in safari preggers you from easily being able to use your saved passwords or print through Airprint. There is a button at the bottom to then open the page in Chrome, but why should you have to own the link twice to get the full experience. Also some one-time links for coupons and similar pages are then not available after you choose to open it again. Make it so that when a user wants to use Safari they get the full experience. Stop trying to make it difficult for your customers that don't use Android devices to continue using your services.  Need the ability to have a different sound for each account. To save from having to look and see what each account is. Alternatively just re-enable Exchange sync so that push, email, & contacts all sync with one single sign in per account.  The phasing out of Exchange sync is a slap in the face of iOS users. Either make the gmail app comparable to the native iOS mail app, restore exchange, or start losing gmail users. 
Great site, full of questions instead insightful helps to navigate the site.
I used to not finding Gmail all that organized. But, all of that changed once o got to know it better. Gmail associated with Drive, search engine, YouTube, photos, communities, chat, following circles or friends. Schools use it too! Organized.
Great App. Like the separation of emails into 3 categories. The layout suits my eye and makes it easy for me to locate specific emails. 5 stars.
New messages are buried in the conversation and I’m constantly trying to find what should be forefront.
Just as the title suggests - whether using the iPad or iPhone, you have to keep scrolling down to populate older emails in order for gmail to be able to search through it. Absolutely terrible.
Es lo mejor en mensajería genial Gracias por acerno  la vida más cómoda
This really helps me stay up to date on my emails
Come on Google, it’s almost 2018 and your flagship iOS email client doesn’t support attaching files other than images?  The Apple client does, Microsoft have implemented it, and companies with way less resources than Google have implemented it.  Attachments please. 
I will instantly raise my rating to 5 stars if they would FINALLY ad the signature function like they have online. Like any decent email service has. There is no way to insert a signature automatically in the app. WHY NOT??? So stupid.
That is it nothing even close to g mail ! Faster smarter is the keyword & gmail Has it all. 
Works as good as on my previous android phone. Really happy.
Overall fine for emails but do not like how emails get grouped together on same thread making it difficult to locate original email quickly.  Also do not like how contacts are set up and that it is not possible to print labels or even just a contact list from contacts. Very frustrating!
Closed my account because I couldn’t remember all of my information. It’s been a month now I have asked what happened to the funds in the account. No one has made an attempt to contact me. My new address 525 S. 5th St. Midlothian,Tx 75065. It may not be a lot but it’s all I had. 5806309396. I would like to talk with someone to find out what happened.
Great app but needs a unified inbox
I love gmail!
This is very much needed within the app
I bought additional storage Dec. 9th  and it still hasn't kicked in - shows I'm signed up for it (but I'm not receiving it).  I've written in the forum but no reply how to fix this issue. I haven't received any email since Dec. 2nd. Can't find anyway to solve this issue.  Now concerned I'll get charged every year for something I'm not receiving.
After this new release app is crashing a lot. While saving photos and documents from email. I tried with my 4 iPhones. Same thing happening with all phones.
Happy with the results
You need to add the search feature when moving emails or adding multiple labels!  This is a key feature on Chrome browser that is SERIOUSLY missing!!!!  Fix this and I won’t need any other email app on my phone!!!!
Lots of email client support and easy to switch between multiple accounts
Google Gmail always confusing email ever I used.
everything works fine, but can we have the iphone x version?
One star because it won’t open links directly in Safari without opening them in its built in browser first. I often want to read web pages linked from mail later and don’t appreciate having to wait for the page to load twice. Please fix.
Update: I give up. I recognize Google is never going to let me turn off conversation view. They win the review war. (meaningless updates to reset low ratings). I’ve deleted the gmail app and switched to the Yahoo! mail app to access my gmail. It looks like I’m not alone as conversation view complaints have dropped off. I was just hoping Google would respond to user complaints. I don’t know why.  Why? Why? WHY??? Can't conversation view be turned off!  WHY???!!! Do you insist on conversation view? It is a tangled spaghetti mess! I can find no reason for message order. Generally newer messages are at bottom but each message appears to have previous messages attached so it is loops inside of loops. JUST LET ME TURN IT OFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <SCREAM!!!!!> 
I have been waiting a good couple of weeks for an email and I haven’t gotten a new email or notification in over 11 days. What is going on?
The app is well but the iPhone integration is weak. Like the mail app, you can click on the sender or recipient and be able to see their contact info. If gmail had this ability it would be easier to add contacts and quickly find information from the app.
I can’t get a tile on my home screen to open the gmail portal. I have to find the app in the App Store and then open the app through the App Store
It’s a typical service but whenever I try to download image attachments, the app crashes.
Gmail itself works fine so I wanted to give it a better review, but the problem is that it adds all your accounts to the Google Maps app too, automatically logs you in, and there is no way to turn that off short of removing one of the apps. I might be an anomaly in that I choose privacy over convenience and I feel exploited when not allowed allowed to make that choice for myself. Thankfully there are less invasive mail apps out there. If Gmail was the only one that worked I would have to go back to using a browser.
Love the colors and images but just wish deleting was easier from the main view
I’m an iPhone user who refuses to use most of the iPhone apps because I don’t see a point in them when I have gmail for email and google photos to back up my photos. I consider myself a loyal gmail customer, I'm not going anywhere. No matter how many iPhones I’ll own in my lifetime Gmail will always be my the first app I’ll turn to for emails.
Gmail is the best
New version doesn't fix login issues. Fix it. And what's up with all the fake 5 star reviews? Fix the bugs. Still broken. Why?  I enter correct username and get some error about cookies. Enabled cookies in Chrome and Safari with same results. Can only login with browser. App is completely useless. Global login to all Google apps should NOT be required. Fix it.   Creating a release just to push bad reviews away is stupid. I thought Google had intelligent people working for them. Dedicate resources to fix the issues. This app is regressing in functionality daily. 
Love the update for iPhone X though I'm experiencing a bug. Everytime I try to download an attachment the Gmail app crashes!  Not a big deal but certainly an inconvenience. Please fix asap! 
The UI looks terrible I don’t even enjoy opening this app. I can’t use it. Please work on it. The grouping being mandatory is horrendous too.
This app allows me to check my email. It also lets me send emails. I like it.
Still can’t add my work email after having it on Gmail for Android for years.  Disappointing.
Great app for multiple gmail accounts
Super annoying ads at the top of the email
Being on the go and having access to emails and other forms of communication via Gmail is something our users value. Whether on an IPad, Samsung Galaxy phone, Desktop Computer or Lap Top you get a user friendly experience each time. Quick response times and the app works great. You can do almost everything on the app that you could from a computer. Compared to other email platforms, Google's "Gmail" is by far the best hands down.
I have had many E mail accounts and G mail is by far the best. Easy to manage all your emails.
Would like to know is there a way to see if email had been received and or opened?
Friday 28th April I just realized that this app from my iPod have no printing capability hence my removing it now I am disappointed that with recent update this was not included I removed this app just now from this device too limited service. PRINTING OPTIONS MISSING!              11/17/17! Notifications should have different sounds why this app cannot use preinstalled sounds that is on devices? 
Since the update all my 4,000 emails are gone
I honestly though AOL was sacred since i come from the compuserve age. Gmail is that Alien being that we cybernerds think created the net. Just amazing nothing like it.....A world without Gmail would be chaos to my life.
I love it and never have any problems with it.
This Gmail app was really OK but this new update to add non- Gmail accounts is awesome. My go-to app.
Hands down the best way to manage email from Windows to iOS to android this is unequaled.
Why can we not use group email alias’s yet?  Works great other than no group support.
Please , please add feature that allows to mass delete . Not just from computer but to all devices!!
Great app, probably one of the most useful too.
I can’t get in the email I kept doing passwords but they didn’t work
Please allow us to enable or disable the conversation or threads view.. I simply cannot stand that conversation view as it delete all emails in the threads.. Give us the option please to turn it off.
The most irritating thing about this app is that I’ll get a notification of a new email, but the Notification badge on the app won’t update until after I’ve gone into the app. Or when I open and read email, the badge count won’t go away for several minutes after I’ve left the app.   It used to be instantaneous. Please fix and I will up my review to five stars! 
Please add a “Select All” option! Sometimes I’m trying to empty an entire folder and I have to select one by one to delete them all! This is something basic that I can accomplish using my gmail account on Outlook app from my iPhone
The best email service ever! All others must compare themselves to Gmail!
Love this app best email app out there !!!
I’m getting a notice in (spam) that someone has my password, it’s in gmail , spam. So I’m ignoring it...
Works well
It’s not working I don’t know why but it keeps saying something went wrong it’s aggravating
Love it very much. Every thing about it is excellent. So happy i switch to Gmail.  Thank you Franco 
Love it because I can have all my Centurylink email forwarded to the Gmail ap !
Very excellent apps🤙🤙
Love this app!
It’s a good email app but could use some bug fixes
I want to mark all as read so I don’t have 770 unread emails
The native iOS mail app is great, but if you want pretty labels to show up and not be treated as folders then use this app. I do wish that you could adjust the message alert sounds / vibrations like you can on iOS Mail.
No longer useful because it crashes within seconds. Wish I had not updated!
I would like to setup swipe left/right to respectively archive/delete. No possibility to do that you can have delete or archive for both gestures. Moving back to Apple Mail app. 
Funciona muy bien
Nice job. Can always improve. How do you add a non-Google account using IMAP? How do you enlarge email to be full-screen? 
This new gmail app is awful compared to the old one. The only way to delete emails is by clicking the email, then clicking delete. Now if you try to swipe left to delete it just archives the email.   Adding attachments is a headache and you’re unable to attach multiple ones at once.   Can’t turn off alerts for certain inboxes, so even all the spam mail I get alerts my phone. You use to control the alerts in the settings, now it’s no longer that way. 
Love this app! I can check both my school email and my personal email. And it’s so easy to switch between both my emails.
I find this app to be better than apples mail system because this app has real-time notifications
Es muy buena app.
Notifications and badge app icons don’t seem to work reliably.
I live gmail. It is so user friendly and I love having it attached to my drive.
Excellent. Love all the features.
Easily delete unwanted frivolous emails
The whole reason I downloaded the app was to download pictures to my device. Unfortunately, every time I try it crashes.
I would love to give it a five star rating but unfortunately it doesn’t give you the option to do that on the iPhone 6. If there’s an update where I can have the option to delete all I will be happy to change my rating to 5 stars.
Does not deal with large email accounts well, spam filter does not work perfectly and my inbox fills up quickly, here is no easy way to mark these as read.
Must have!
I have been having issues in the past few weeks that are pretty annoying to deal with: app will continue to show I have unread messages even though they have been clicked and read, recently stopped notifying me of new messages. Notifications for the app are turned on but still experiencing these problems
That Android wallet and Gmail was not as secure as Apple Pay and Zello but it doesn’t mean you can not occlude their bid billing your debit or Credit Card to the marrow and then toss you’re media in the cloud you bought and rent and AppleCare fell from a great height in the 90’s to the state it is now iphone X is actually #9 as 4-4S 5S and SE, SEE and Samsung making chips, while QQQ AND BROADCOM MERGER MAY BE A HAPPENING IN 2018 Tx instruments is making sensors and not too bad ones either but I digress yes Oreo and Android may actually procure my interests w/ codec MPEG H. 264 HD CODEC $20 per each device only allowed by compact Sony $AAPL et al.
Unlike MS Outlook in which you can add and edit HTML signatures, G-mail doesn't. Bummer
Love the app. You guys should add or give users the option to add the “Move to” tab on the home page. I don’t use the “archive” tab but I wish I could replace it with the “move to” option. This would eliminate the need to click several times to move an item to a folder.
Now it’s easy to sort out through the email.
Why can’t you delete emails in bulk or all?
The App WILL NOT allow me to turn off the pop-up asking me to download chrome instead of opening Safari. The slider at the bottom of the pop-up can’t be moved to turn this question off. I can’t stand this sort of marketing that wears you down with annoying questions. If I wanted chrome on my freakin’ iPhone I would put it there!!!
So much better than apple's mail app, highly recomend
Es la mejor aplicación que tuve que descargarme
They fixed the ever present notifications, but for five stars I want to see some improvement to the “too easy to accidentally archive something important” problem. It’s been a complaint for many many updates now and I still don’t know where my emails are going. I never use the archive function except by accident. I’d love to just have a switch in settings where I can turn off the archive setting all together.  Also I would very much appreciate being able to choose my color scheme within the app. The red is so stressful, just let me choose it please. 
Hi can we please have an unsubscribe all button cause i keep getting inappropriate emails from places i never looked at so pleaseee🙏🏻 I’m begging you
Thank you for a great app! Pros: Easy to use. Robust. I use it for multiple gmail accounts.  Cons: sharing a web page page through this app is a little laborious. I wish it would put page title into email subject, and title, url and full page contents, or selected content, into email body. 
Very good app. Well organized. Helpful to combine many others apps.
I just updated gmail on my IPad and got a black screen. Not impressed. Need to know how to get it back.
Good
You guys need to update your app so it can take advantage of the new iPhone X screen because right now it looks ugly with black bars and it is annoying!  Update: Thanks for updating to support the new iPhone X! 
For about a month now I’ve been archiving emails I’m getting on the gmail app and the way I archive them is by hard pressing on the email and a pop up shows and says ‘archive’ or ‘reply’ and I hit archive. Most of the time I have to tap ‘archive’ anywhere from 1 to 6 times for it to actually register and archive the email. Every time I hit the archive button it knows because the color around the letters changes so it notices it.  This is the only problem I’ve ever had!! Wish it would be fixed. Operating the iPhone 7. 
I haven’t had any problems until about a month ago. Was getting emails saying gmail was out dated and my account was going to be deleted. I tried everything possible and then a few weeks back I lost it everything. Thank God for backup. I’m not sure if it was gmail or my Windows Last Update.  But that is the only problem I have had with my gmail. 
This is a great app. Few minor hookups. Other than that, perfect for what I need.
This app is pretty good in general except for when I try to download files. Every single time I save a file to my phone the app just closes and nothing saves. Please fix.
I set up sub folders so that i can move certain emails into those folders to easily find them again. More than half the time the gmail account wont let me do that. Disappointed
I personally couldn’t and wouldn’t be able to work my career if it wasn’t for Gmail in particular, because the app works great, notifies me of emails faster than the mail app that comes with the iPhone and makes replying to messages so easy. I recommend for anyone.
Fácil de usar, accesible y gratis!!
Simple yet effective and efficient.
I find that if I delete an email, but exit the app before the “message has been moved to trash” notifications has left, the notification badge doesn’t update. I have to close the app, then open it again for the badge to properly register the amount of emails.
What changed in the last few updates? For the last few months, the notification badge on the icon (number in red dot on icon) does not update. My friends have noticed this bug too. It says there is one unread message but really there isn't! This is incredibly annoying!!!
A must have app!
This app deserves 5 stars for what it does and the fact that it is free!
It would be very helpful if you made an Apple Watch version available in the next update.
The app shuts down when trying to save a photo from an email
I love Gmail and I really don’t have any problems with it.
This app sant to you a notification
I have used Gmail for many years. It has many useful features like sorting of incoming Email into folders that Greatly reduces the time needed to address and prioritize Email.
Must have app
The best email app - don’t bother with any others.
I can't say I've fallen in love with Gmail.  More like, with proper extensions, it has become an incredibly powerful solution to my hundreds of thousands of annual emails.  Coupled with Google Drive, it becomes THE workflow solution for busy people. And its fast. I have a decade+ of emails I can quickly search and reference. Critical for our research work in the nutrition and medical fields.  A must have. On every device you use. 
No issues have cropped up.
If the app doesn't let me do what Mail app from iOS doesn't either, what's the point of having space used on this app? Great performance and interface, but if you want to save space in your iPhone, keep using Mail app, it does more for you.
Does everything I need it to do.
It didn’t even work I try to enter my email and it worked by the word thing what not working it said I spelled it wrong but I put the right letters in so I am not using trash no more
This is a really awesome app for email. The interface is concise, clear; the interaction logic is simple. Anyway, I love it! Thumbs up to google!`
Switched from android to apple and with the mail app it shows me all my unread emails and omg. This app is the solution for sure.
I need to use this for work or would delete.
Ever since I updated the app to the most recent version my app crashes almost every time I open it and refresh my emails.
La uso para manejar tres cuentas personales .  Me organiza todo.  La recomiendo ampliamente 
iPhone X support is needed
- make a way to choose to view all accounts’ inbox at the same time - make it so a swipe from the left marks as read and a swipe from the right trashes or deletes. (helps so you don’t have to open every single email) - make a way to “select all” then archive, trash, move, etc.  - make a way to manage notifications (like for specific people / VIPs & disable the rest) - shake to undo archived/trashed email  Other than that stuff, I love it! 
This recent update just keeps force closing my app. I rely heavily on my email so for the ease of my app not working is disappointing.
Great app
Since I updated the iOS, the app crashes every time I open it. I have not been able to use the app for days. Please correct since I can’t clear the Notifications. The app also does not work after several restarts of my iPhone.
Up there with Outlook for usability. I recommend. Wish it remembered where mail from a sender goes.
I like the email notifications on my home screen, but it seems a bit arbitrary what emails it will alert me about. Most of the time I will get alerts if a certain person sends me an email, and sometimes I just don’t get an alert at all, and I end up missing their email for a few days because I expect I will get an alert like I always do when they me send me mail.  What really bites my cheese is that you can only look back about 100 emails or so when scrolling through your folders. So unless you religiously check all of your folders every day, it is very likely that you will find yourself in the situation while trying to catch up with mail that the stupid thing just won’t load any more emails for you.   In that case you have to use the web client on a computer to actually be able to access all of your mail. If you are forcing me to use a computer to read my mail, that defeats the purpose of having a mail reading app! I am on my feet and out and about all day, so I really need to be able to catch up on allll my mail from my mobile device. Since this app doesn’t allow me to do that, I have fallen woefully behind on my email, to the point where I can’t catch up, making email in general pretty useless for me. In other words, gmail has kind of killed email for me. :/ Please fix this! 
All tabs needed are included, don’t remember it crashing at all. Works well
This is the better app I’ve used for email. Been using outlook, but switched for a couple of reasons and intend to continue. The categories make viewing and handling after reading is one touch and simple.
This app is the most poorly laid out and unintuitive app in the app store.    Why is it so difficult to forward or reply to an email?  Why does google insist on grouping mail threads?  Why can’t I view individual emails instead of hunting for the corresponding numbered email in the thread  Why does google insist on categorizing my emails? Incorrectly I might add  Why cant I delete mailboxes such as ‘Important’ or ‘Social’?  I only want 1 mailbox, InBox. Period!   This is really an awful app. 
Add Touch ID as a feature necessary to use when opening your app. It is a great security measure to include! Add that and I’d gladly give this app 5 stars.
Good App
How do you turn spam
Perfectly okay. Up to the task ❤️
Very pleased with the performance.
Easy to use, had everything i expected it to have, I love it.
Great
This app is unusable for anything but the most basic emailing patterns. The inability to disable threading means that different side discussions off the same original message all get threaded together. Also, when tagging or moving a message to a folder, the app fails to remember the previous target tag/folder for previous moves like some of the more modern competitors to this app. The app feels like a downgrade in featureset compared to the Web application, and it's not keeping in sync with newer features by other applications.
With the latest update, I can no longer share things like news stories from any news apps. Very annoying. Says “failed to send” constantly. Please fix. And if you update the gmail app please thoroughly soak-test it before you push the button!
I can read the size font I chose for iOS throughout all stock apps with ease.   Yet GMail forces me to use the iOS size they deem to be equal, which is TINY compared to the rest of iOS.  At least give users option to make the font bigger in the app and don’t just force iOS’s font.  I would use this app much more than just when I can’t easily find an email in the stock mail app if I could actually read the font. 
Best email around 15 gb of storage
always crashes when trying to save a picture from email that was send . all ways of saving not possible .
Fast and easy, emails come in almost instantaneously which is great for what I do. Only reason I didn't rate 5 star is because I would like them to include a mail sorting method if you have already made folders for those from that particular person. Possibly an automatic password verification after not using the app for a certain duration without being forced to log out would be nice. I do love the clean cut look and that it isn't anywhere near as glitchy as yahoo mail.  Keep up the good work guys looking forward to the new updates :)👍 
اجمل وافضل تطبيق لادارة الاميل
I like Gmail except it groups conversations together. Even from different senders. Very frustrating. I search unsuccessfully for a solution but all I got was conversation grouping cannot be changed at this time. That was more than a year ago.   I found a solution. Use Outlook app. 
My app will say I have unread notifications, yet reading the message does not make he app badge go away. Really annoying when you’re the kind of person that likes to clear notifications immediately.
🤙🏻💐💐🤙🏻
I have been using this app for years and have had no issues with it.
As of right now it seems like a great app but as the header says I just started using it. So far so good.
Muy bueno y rápido
I try to use this but sometimes it stops working and now I can’t use it anymore
I use Gmail for work and my home business. It is always consistent and reliable, which, for me, is the most important feature of an email program.
App
Tired to see the old vision with my new iPhone X.
A big company like google don’t even care about their customers.
GMail. Thank you for your update. It very easy to understand and especially organized.
These books are so addicting I’ve already read the series twice and still can’t solve all the puzzles. Every time I read it I find new references I missed before or clever foreshadowing I didn’t understand the first time. I recommended this book to all my friends, and they love it too!
Gmail is a great app! And now that it’s been updated to fit the iPhone X screen it’s even better!
So it works really well most of the time for me but just sometimes it doesn't always meet my needs! I'm just not the person who uses it every single day exactly in this app because I always use it in the automatic mail app on my IPhone 6!
Happy to see the app looks great on iphone X!
I love the app but the most recent update made it so it’s impossible to download anything. All of the buttons are still there but any time I try to save an image from an email (I’m a photographer I do this A LOT) the app crashes. Every. Single. Time. I restarted my phone, tried other images in different accounts. It’s the app 100% FIX IT
I ditched Apple’s Mail app years ago in favor of the GMail app. I’ve never looked back.
New update constantly crashes.  Garbage.
The update doesn't work as well as the classic app. The old app used to properly separate the primary, promotions, and social tabs. Now, every single minute, while in the Primary tab, a new line item appears to show new emails in the promotions tab...but appears like a regular email.  Way to go google, pushing your promotions on customers.  How does one turn this off? Or roll back to the old version? 
I love his app. I love how it is so easy to use and to perform a variety of functions.
Good need to check gmail everyday so rating is good
I heard from so many people that Gmail was a much better app than the original Mail app and even the Outlook app from Microsoft so I gave it a shot last night and it became useless for me the second I opened the app and tried to add my company’s email address. The app doesn’t let me turn of SSL for IMAP emails therefore I can’t add my email which is a weird thing since I added my email easily on the android version of Gmail since there I can turn SSL of and even have the option for SMTP and POP3 emails. The iPhone version doesn’t have these options. WHY?
I honestly prefer this gmail app out of any apps I ever tried (noting it’s only Apples standard mail app). the way it breaks down your mail, they put tabs so you see important information, and not just mail from your favorite stores. This is easily, my favorite app for mail, but it bugs me how this app is constantly getting updates, yet lacks support of the IPhone X new screen size. Please fix this issue as it’s not only annoying, but plain ugly. I been using the standard mail app mostly for this reason, and the lack of support brings the app to an unpleasant experience. Thank you
Why did google leave out this standard functionality?  I am using other mail apps until google fixes this.
Add the feature when you swipe to make it as ‘Mark as Read’ Otherwise it’s nice app 
Nice
No es mala cumple con su tarea
I use this app for my everyday email usage. It’s very annoying that the developers taking this long to update it for the iPhone X.
Love the app! It’s fantastic but come on where is the iPhone X support?!
Finally upgraded my Gmail after hanging on to the 4.x for as long as I could, and now it's crashing all the time (a few seconds after I open the app). Yay. Guess it's time to move to Outlook.
Ever since I did the last update the app crashes every time I open it. Please fix it!
Bad app you can only do one swipe.if more swipe option i amy use this
I downloaded this app specifically to create a filter for an annoying email that I receive every day but cannot unsubscribe lest I forfeit rewards earned. Unfortunately, there is no easy way to "filter messages like this one" either from the message or the new folder containing two of the messages in question. Also, I could find no way to quickly move or delete all similar messages currently in my inbox.      I suppose I'll go back to 2009 and get a desktop tower computer so I can efficiently manage my Google electronic-mail messages on the World Wide Web. 
I like the app! However, there’s no actionable items on the notifications. Most other email apps let me archive, delete, etc
It’s ok, but I wish I could sign out 😕.
GMail Is Most Def My Best/The Best To Use...Thanks GMail For Your Creative Business ❤️
This app just works. It's a solid client for gmail. And now that it's using the entire iPhone X screen it's dang near perfect.
For years, I used Thunderbird on the computer but such a solution isn’t possible.  Accessing my three Google e-mail accounts is quick and easy now. The app seems to work better than it does on that other platform.  Shared addresses over the years are found quickly and sending photos to customers works well. 
The back button in the upper left corner is too far away on iPhone X to reach it with one hand. Need a swipe to go back gesture.
Current update is not supported for X resolution.please fix this
The email came really fast thanks so much google
Can’t stand the fact that I can’t delete all of one type of email.  ie:Walmart old and new.    Takes so long    Get so many emails in a day.    Too much to keep up with
I really love the gmail app as it makes my email be accessed with ease and really be able to make it my own email inbox with the ability to even change notifications between inboxes. However, I’m giving the app three stars as I have been waiting for some time and there is still no update to make the app’s UI friendly for iPhone X (being able to fill the screen). I hope to see the support soon and I will then rate this five stars as it is really good.
I have been switched to inbox for its sleek look, but it turns out the Gmail app is still better. More productive, better performance and on-time update
Where is the update for iPhone X screen??
Inbox by google is better than this app! Well worth getting your company admin to enable inbox app functionality. It’s too bad they even require that though
You really need to make the conversational view an option and provide an easy method to turn it off for mobile use.
Love gmail, but can we please get an Apple Watch gmail app!
Always getting better
Spam email is stripped of all links. When I mark something as 'Not Spam', these links are not restored. So... when I'm provided links to websites that you can only sign up via email invite, they don't work because the email is stripped of all links. It's very frustrating. All else works great though.
ممتاز التطبيق ..
It is so organized so it’s easier for you to get to your mail
una App increíble
Really it’s awesome
The app shows on the app icon how many emails you have unread. It’s wrong. I have no unread email. It shows 1. No way to get rid of it. Please fix.
Gave me an easy access to my apps that required payment. Plus the deals that came along were worthwhile considering my low budget.
It’s email ,now stop begging for stars
I used the Apple mail app for gmail, but for work used the outlook app.  I was amazed by the focused inbox and wished gmail could sort similarly.  I was told if I went through the app I could see "priority" mail.... but it's nothing on outlook.  Things that should be priority aren't shown, and items that aren't a priority are shown (even though I've gone through the checks of trying to get it to learn and differentiate).  The app also ignores the amount of priority items I've set to show - so theoretically I would have to scroll through emails from like, 2011, before I can see important emails from today. I know I can switch to seeing everything...but I just don't understand how MICROSOFT has made a better mail app than gmail!  Sticking with the Apple app for gmail 
Easy, fast and convenient!!
very efficient
This new version is not intuitive. I wish there were a more extensive intro to this app. I am still trying to find my way.
Archiving emails at a swipe, the ability to customize tabs and labels while maintaining good sorting policies, and the the integration with the Google calendar product make this app a dream — even on iOS. This is my favorite public email app/client by far.  I do, however, wish that Google would adopt some of the features from their invite only beta mail project into this one, like the timers feature. It lets you put a timer on a email to be “redelivered” at a later date. Useful for prioritizing emails that are important, but not relevant to your busy week.  That feature in particular is sort of handled by the calendar integration, but there’s a host of other useful features in the beta that could be adopted into the public client.  All in all, I give this app a whopping five stars, because compared to other competitors’ email solutions, this delivers the most by far. 
When i click save photo, the gmail app closes.. plz fix it. Thanks
The biggest inconvenience with the Gmail app is no “Inbox” option at the top of the screen for moving messages out of the Inbox to a previously assigned folder. It’s available in the Android app version.   Also, the keyboard writing is awkward at times. Especially when editing text already entered. 
can’t save attachments, the app crashes every time :(
I actually prefer the gmail app to the mail app. More intuitive and the options are all less complicated to access
It's really useful application from version of mobile site.
Cool but didn't show previous email address when I sent second time.So when I send I type again full address.If it shows auto suggestion from previous email address it would be great and If it shows save option for new email address that would be very helpful.
I have the iPhone X and gmail is even smaller! Please update to the X version! Thanks!
I’m a real estate agent and use my email ALOT!! This app is so smooth and amazing. I’ve been using it for about 5 years now!!
Before updating to the latest version, it’s helpful to see what others think of it. Reviews Used to be for the Current update, but Now they are all mixed up and include reviews from Years ago!! How could reviews for a version that has been Obsolete for two weeks let alone 2-3 Years be helpful in any way?? Please return to posting only reviews for the current version! Until then I won’t be updating. Btw, Every app on my iPhone has this same problem.
Can you please support unified inbox? That’s a essential feature in today’s multi account world.
I like gmail app, but it will be better if we have to put fingerprints and password to open the application.
Great and easy to use app
Butts
Great App for your email!!
When I try to save an image that is attached to an email, the app crashes.
Why isn’t THERE A SELECT ALL OPTION ?!? ...when it comes to trying to move emails to move or trash or spam or archive ?!??!?
Please allow us in iOS to turn off the conversation setting. So frustrating not to have this option like it does in Android and on web.
👌🏻
This is a well designed app for using gmail on the iPhone.
I use this app all the time.  But had to uninstall due to the fact it keeps crashing.  Will there be a fix?
Doesn’t let use powerful sort option to clear un needed. I guess Google wants you to buy extra storage
Great email app. Whe the notification dot show new mail I opened the app and there is no mail. When new mail arrives I can see the banner but when I opened the app the mail is not there I have to refresh the app to see the mail.
That's just who I am :) Great UI experience and fluid response!  Would love to see a “label search/create feature” in the next version. That would make me through my pc away!..  Way To Go With Love! 
New update completely crashes upon opening. Need fix ASAP.
Been using gmail for most of my internet life and have quite a bit of experience with other email providers.Because I use a lot of other google services makes this app.best for my situation.This is not the reason that I use this app. It just works better for me and has all the features that make my email experience a lot smoother than any other email app that I have used. Give it a try and I think you will agree.
برنامج واضح و سهل استخدامه و بصيط تفهمه بسرعه  برنامج يريحك 
I don’t like the GUI.
1. Couldn’t find a way to mark as unread a message. Sent them a feedback for some time but no response 2. When copying stuff from an email, every number is treated as a phone number and it doesn’t give you an option to copy it as text only. Sent them feedback a couple of times and nothing has happened.  Too bad, I’ll switch to some other client. 
.
Finally they optimized the app for iPhone X. It took them 1 month to do make it bigger. Nice job
This is a very good email client for Gmail. I mean, it is Gmail. The only reason I take one star away is because all of the action buttons (archive, delete, etc) are on the top. It’s a hard reach on the iPhone X with one hand to tap them. It would be great to have an option to put them on the bottom or side.
Really glad they updated the app for iPhone X... the only thing it needs is Support for Gmail add-ons!
Love this app!!
I love it!
I am unable to dismiss all unread emails in a group like I can in googles inbox app, but otherwise this is a good product.
Succinct. Poetic. Thoughtful.  Harmonious. Insightful. 
Since the most recent update the app now randomly closes itself. Either randomly or when switching tabs like from primary to social.
Over it good but it still has a lot incomplete parts and the AI technology is still very limited. But still good 4stars
Woohoo updated for the iPhone X screen!
You guys need to update to keep up with the iPhone X for the app can fit the whole screen.
Allow adding attachments from Dropbox or iCloud Drive
Not showing notification badges on App. Iphone 7 plus 11.2 Is there any problem with this ???
Okay
Now it support iPhone x screen already
How does it take the biggest tech company ever this long to update to iPhone X compatibility?
It has minimum age requirements!!! I hate apps that discriminate against kids. Just because we’re young, doesn’t mean we can’t have email!!! 
Excelente
I find the g mail very convenient and reliable. Still learning special features.
I have enabled pop3 and imap in outlook.com yet the app givew message please check the setting by login through browser.
Awesome to work with, easy to use.
All of the big major apps from Google are adopting iPhone X design but not Gmail.   Can you phase update it? 
5 stars as promised!
Good
The GMail app is easy to navigate and definitely helps with keeping my business organized.  However, there should be prompts for formatting such as: bullets, indentation, and so on. Attempting to add bullets, there was a need to copy and paste from the Pages app to get the bullet points.  Hoping that the app can host those capabilities moving forward.  Thank you. 
Thank you.
Love it ands it’s replaced apples mail app on my phone, just want it to fit my phones screen
I have no complaints as I have not experienced any problems.
I know, it may sound ridiculous, but the mobile app is too much like the desktop/website version. This was not built to be optimized for the mobile phone. It has all the controls on the top which makes one hand email handling difficult. You have to change between accounts to check each email address instead of a unified mailbox (I have 4 through gmail and gsuite). There no fingerprint lock, no snooze option, and little customization. I would prefer to have all my email on one view as an option.   Other apps like Spark, Inbox and even Outlook offer these features.   The reason I have to use this app is because of the incredibly slow load time for gmail messages into third-party apps. It’s not all the time, but it’s frequent enough to be annoying where content takes minutes to load.   It’s frustrating being between a rock and a hard place with an interface I’d prefer on another app that takes too long to load gmail messages. It works fine for gsuite and non-gmail accounts. I would love to use one app for all email and wouldn’t mind the Google app if it was a bit friendlier for mobile and didn’t require so much navigation. 
The app sometimes crashes when you try to add attachments.  On top of that it only allows to attach photos or Drive files but not as a file but as a link to the Drive file, nothing else. 
I don’t really have any other issues with this app other than the fact that they’ve been dragging their feet to make the app fit the iPhone X screen. What’s the hold up? You figured it out with Google Drive.
App only opens links either in chrome or the app itself, regardless of what you tell it to do. I’ll keep using safari to access my google email, the app isn’t worth the frustration.
Great job,,,,,,,
Using the all On the iPhoneX has been a bit sad since the beginning since google still hasn’t managed to optimize if for the larger screen. However since this morning the app doesn’t even open anymore. It immediately crashes after launch.  Tried deleting and reinstalling but nothing works. 
Securing incoming and outgoing emails is very important and improving the code.
Surprise, they updated for Iphone X in the latest update too! This was the one I was most disappointed to not see full screen, so great to see all the email on full screen on this well done email app from Google.
5 stars
Please update for iPhone X already.
Back to 5 stars!! Best email app!!
The gmail App is useful for all users
Not working since latest update for me - iPhone X.
Thanks for iPhone X and iPad 10.5 support. Keep the consistent updates coming.
Now that it fits across the entire phone it's the best email app.
Small screen for iphone x
havent used it yet so i know nothing. 3 stars for no change in rating.
Thank you for iPhone X support!
After the recent update for iPhone X, it’s consuming lot of my battery power, please fix this issue.
Let me swipe to mark as read from inbox and please add a unified in inbox to see messages from all my accounts at once.  A must have missing feature!
App is rendered unusable with proper optimization for the iPhone X talker screen.
The screen doesn’t fit the iPhone X. I can’t believe a company this big is behind.
I used it I could get in touch with many of teachers and do not have to find there contact on my phone just click on the app and send away!!!
Finally you updated the app to support the full screen on the iPhone X!   Please include an option to delete multiple messages at once. It’s annoying that I have to delete one at a time! Once you include that option, I’ll give this app a five star rating. 
I really like the ability to add non-gmail accounts to the app, but since the update the badge app icon won’t clear after checking messages and clearing new mail. Please fix it.
It’s been so long since the new iPhone has been released. Please update this app and all other google apps to fit the screen
I see the app has been updated and in the update the mail app is now iPhone X compatible (meaning the app takes advantage of the full iPhone X screen). However, I still see the black bars on my iPhone. And yes my phone is up to date with the most recent iPhone software. How does a software update work for some people but not all?
This was a great app until it stopped syncing with my Gmail account. Reading a message in the app no longer marks a message as read in the account, nor does it make the badge icon go away for unread messages.
Badge notifications are not working properly in this latest update.  Allowing third party email accounts is fantastic, but no unified inbox?
Incoming server error “couldn’t open connection to server”
Gmail is OUTSTANDING   Try living without it dummies! 
Love it but would like to break out conversations
This app would be the only email app I’d ever use if I could configure it to launch all links in safari by default. Launching them within GMail means that all of the passwords and history that I’ve accumulated in Safari are not available. This frequently means re-entering passwords.  It’s not enough to first open the page within GMail app and then force me to open the page a second time.  I’m going back to the Apple Mail app until Google implements this obvious feature. 
I downloaded this because I got an email from the Gmail team encouraging me to. I love to use this app since I am an avid Gmail user. But I access my email almost 100% of the time from the new floating slide out window in iOS 11. Can’t use the Gmail app until this is added. Otherwise seems great. Would love to be able to add bullet points or numbered list. Thanks
Great
habby to use
Font size is too small compared to other apps. Also somethins swiping from left edge of display (to return back) does not work.
Solid app but needs to have font resizing, snooze, suggested move location, more preview lines.
It would be great to have an additional password protection for the app.
Don't understand how Google has SILL not updated Gmail for the iPhoneX. Cmon guys you're Google!! FIX IT!!
I rarely encounter issues with the Gmail app. User friendly and has a nice look and feel to it.
Going back to the old version Have to open every email to delete. With all the scams and viruses that can be sent, I don’t want to open anything unless I know the sender.
I have my accounts logged into on chrome and not safari but it only opens in safari so I need to log in there instead of chrome, I would think the google app would want to open in chrome like it used to but no. And with the new update the app crashes when trying to read an email
I wanted to keep the old version but had to get the new one due to having to reset my phone. I don’t like ads appearing at the top of my inbox. Mail sent from sharing a you tube or something from another site no longer appears in “sent mail “.  It is easier to keep track of multiple accounts - that I like. Over all however I preferred the previous version.
It’s been almost a month and google is a multi billion dollar company, I would have thought their apps would have been the first to be optimized for the iPhone X, it’s getting REALLY ANNOYING. Please update it soon.
Still can compose a formatted signature in my email? Sticking with Airmail. This is a piece of crap.
Notifications badge keeps showing that I have one unread message, when I don’t. This very annoying.   I removed this Gmail App and installed Microsoft Outlook instead. So far so good! 
Waiting for the iPhone X ui update. Currently the screen isn’t compatible with the new layout of the X.   Please tweak when possible.   Thank you! 
Update: now supports iPhone X  Update: unread count now works.  Rating changed to 5 stars. 
Please add in the option to change the background color of the Gmail app. The red color can be quite annoying.
Good
Trying to download attachments causes constant crashes.
I love gmail, but every time I zoom in contents, it becomes blur.
Over a year and still no fixes to the issue where your Gmail settings are entirely ignored. Clearly this is a bug they never intend to fix, but until they do, it means the app is unusable.  Use this to get notifications of new mail and then something else to read them, because that's all this is useful for. Still. 
Finally
My favorite mail app if finally optimized for the iPhone X and with additional features. Thank you!!
I’ve tried all the email apps out there for iOS, and this app just flat out works the best. I’m also estatic that the devs finally added support for iOS enlarged fonts. As a legally-blind person, this makes using the app 10x easier. And, finally, the app now takes full advantage of the iPhone X’s beautiful screen!  That you, Gmail team, for designing such an amazing app! I rely on it every day. 
Please fix.!  Thanks for fixing..!! Its looks good on iphone X. 👍🏻 
Great app! Much better now after iPhone X screen update
The version updated on December 4th supported the iPhone X
Gracias por resolverlo❤️
Thank you guys ❤️
If there is any app I need to support split view, it’s Gmail. It will only run in full screen.
Very easy to use.
Works good.
It looks a lot better now!!
The App very closely resembles the Gmail website and that might be great for some but it is very cluttered and disorganized for me. The accounts are all separate so I can’t combine to see all my most recent emails. A much similar and cleaner looking app would be Outlook. I just wish I had more customization in Gmail App.
Gmail seems to be unable to display full emails.  Ad emails seem to work fine, but personal emails arrive with huge chunks missing.  This is a 1.5 year old bug that gmail refuses to fix.
It took over a month for Google to support the iPhone X. It's a decent app when you fight have an issue, but it takes way too long for Google to address issues when users complain. I'm currently looking for a Gmail replacement.
Simple and neat
Good job on iphonex support
It’s been a month since the iPhone X lunched, most of the apps already support its screen size except google mail. One Star!!!
Finally updated to iPhone X. Not sure what took so long, but thanks for getting it out.
1 star until Gmailify supports iCloud accounts
If you click to scroll to the top of the page on iOS 11.2 iPhone X the screen flickers. Fix and then 5 stars
Ok but can't increase font size.
I eagerly downloaded this app to use as the default mail app. After trying many times to add my iCloud account, unsuccessfully I might add, this app is no longer on my phone.   Why advertise that iCloud accounts work, when you can’t even log in? 
Thanks for keeping it updated. Best email app there is.
Changing review to 5 stars now with iPhone x support. Now please update Inbox by Gmail !
This app forces the dreaded conversation view on you. So many people hate it. Just search google and see how many people can’t stand it. Gmail website gives an option to turn it on or off. But the iOS app doesn’t have any such option. Until then, this app is useless. 
IM SO HIGH RIGHT NOW. GOD I MISS COCAINE
Cannot believe Google has updated almost their entire app suite EXCEPT for this one.
Please fix it to support iPhone X!!!
Just updated my rating to 5 stars. Thanks Google!
Gmail has been my go-to as far as email for several years now. I use other Google apps as well such as Drive, Docs, Sheets, and Slides. I love the instant push notifications upon receiving email and the filtration system works magnificently.
Overall, I enjoy the app and it makes checking my gmail from my phone easy. I love that you can so easily switch between multiple accounts. There are just a few tweaks I wish they would make that make it more convenient and more identical to the computer version. My biggest annoyance with the app is probably that swiping an email in your inbox archives it, instead of something more practical like deleting it. I’ve had to undo that so many times. I mean, where do archived emails even go?? Also, I wish they allowed you to mark emails as “Important” the same way you can on a computer instead of just starring it.
Not support iphone x
SHAME SHAME SHAME
I have never had a problem with this app except for one thing which I’ll get too. The app runs smoothly and is easy to work except for one thing. It also doesn’t take up much storage but there is one problem. I don’t check my emails everyday because I don’t have time too so my emails build up. Eventually I get way past 99+ and then I have to go through and click EVERY EMAIL to delete it. If there was a button that moved every email to trash that would be awesome ( except it only did it for a section you choose such as the social section or the important section) GOOGLE IF YOU READING THIS PLEASEEEEEEEEE ADD A DELETE ALL BUTTON THIS WOULD BE A HUGEEEEEE HELP!!!!!!!!!! Besides that the app is great 😁
Please add iPhone X and Exchange support
Thanks for the iPhone X support!
Is easy to manage and practical to use, it is the best email app I’ve ever used
None of us care about your joke updates for the last month. Just update your app so it works with iPhone X. Please!
Great! But where is the support for iPhone X!!!
Thanks for optimizing for iPhone X.
iPhone X 👍🏼
Thanks for the iPhone X support
ASAP
And please make a option so app opens "everything" first automatically thanks
I'm holding 2 stars until I see the iPhone X optimizations
Outstanding Application
Why can't you learn from Twitter? you can change background ( dark mode) use it all the time and on it longer. get with it
Easy and very useful app
OPTIMIZE FOR IPHONE X PLEASE!!!
Very organized.  Made everything easy.
I have been using Apple Mail on my iPhone for my Xfinity email and for my  Gmail account. The Gmail app is much better for my gmail account. I’m very pleased. 
It can’t get any better than gmail. Thank you
Please update the app to support the iPhone X display ratio.
Doesn’t support the iPhone X screen size.
Not supporting the iPhone X till now!!!!
It works well.it is free...Doesn’t mess up/have errors
thanks very good app
I love this app....
El tema de las notificaciones está muy bien, pero la interfaz una vez dentro de la App la hace un tanto lenta la verdad, podrían mejorar eso.
I’ve missed many impo