内容
It has everything you would need in writing that assignment or paper and it’s free.
Today my sister was making fake parking tickets for cars parked incorrectly and she wouldnt let me use the computer.  I remembered i used google docs at school for essays and other stuff.  I redownloaded the app and it helps slot
I am very liking it and it do me good for works. I can write goods on it and I do fun thing with. Would much 10/10 do a doc again!!!
It’s so much better than Microsoft
Good for school work. I feel like for editing stuff(font/size) they could make it a little simpler. It’s easier to use on the computer but for on the go this app works.
It’s amazing for school work and working in general love this
I loveeee this app helps me keep everything in place, all my work is here, if i delete something by accident i can get it back, i can organize, and super easy to work.I can always do it on phone and hand it in by email just love this app
Took awhile to make the change, but docs and the whole suite of google products have transformed my work. Love them all.
Wow, everything always available where ever, when ever for every business file type i use and can share seamlessly? Yup, this is it 👍
Best app I have. I can literally do everything from my phone when I’m on the fly or in a pinch this app makes my life a lot easier.
Confusing layout, hard to find what you need, and constantly crashes. While editing a paper through google docs on my iPad I had to restart the app 3 times within 10 minutes because of crashing. Also there is a problem where the app will not allow you to highlight a single line of text, the minimum it will let you highlight is 2 lines. This is infuriating when trying to delete or copy sentences of text. I do not recommend this app, download pages or any other alternative so you don’t have to deal with these problems.
I LOVE Google Docs. BUT I am a math teacher and I desperately need to draw FREEHAND with my Apple Pencil within the Google Docs app. It is truly frustrating having to download my Docs as Word files and use the Word app to draw on the document and re-upload to Drive. Heaven forbid I need to edit my drawing! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE enable a drawing tool within the Google Docs app!!!
I love the app so much it’s very convient for making quick fixes on the go or right there in class! It also helps me as a writer because I have my book and ideas with me without having to bring my laptop!!  I love using folders to organize my things and being able to change the color makes me really happy haha.   This app has really made my life easier (this and the slides app - I use them both) when it comes to projects and being on the go!  I’m a cheerleader so I can’t really bring a laptop to an away game but I’m taking my phone anyways, the difference is I can work on my project now! 
This is a great app for working on projects and making charts or whatever you need to do. I personally love it because I can message my friends on it and talk to them but when they aren’t on the comment place then they don’t know they got a message so it’s difficult to have a conversation unless everyone is on the same place at the same time. The app should have a way to alert the user that they got a message. But overall I love this app because you can edit easily and add pictures of anything!
The Absolute Best!!!! If it isn't for Google Docs I could not have finished school so conveniently!!! Thank You So much Google Docs from my family to yours!
I love that I can edit documents and share them from my phone.
Good, must have
It is so useful for work
Sometimes it can be slow to load large docs or docs with lots of comments (which I work with a lot), but it’s not usually a problem. There are some features on the web google docs that have to be consolidated for the app, which can make the app mechanics kind of clunky (eg clicking “next comment” every time instead of scrolling through them all like on web). But overall it’s reliable and very handy to be able to access and edit everything in my drive on mobile and have access to most if not all of the features on the web version.
App is amazing!!
I love working interchangeably between MS Word and Google Docs!
Write and works well
It’s really great if you have to type in a essay quick it saves everything you can email it to anyone and give it a 5 star
I love Google Drive, it’s a way for me to interact with my classmates and teachers. It’s the best way to work on assignments!!
I can state everything that I think is great about the Google Docs app but since every other review does, I’ll only focus on two flaws that I find troubling.  1. When you’re typing on a document, there’s a time gap between when you press a key on the keyboard and when it actually shows up on the document. Thus, if I’m typing rapidly, I will have to wait quite a few seconds until the characters I touched finish typing on the document.  2. There is no tab key. This is very inconvenient because that means I will have to consecutively touch the space bar 10 times to indent a paragraph. 
The google docs app is great for when you remember at the last minute that you have an essay or something to do and you don’t have your computer right there. But I wish you could print from phones-room for improvement!
Ive used Docs a lot. Its got good points and not so good ones. Its not the easiest app to get used to, but once you do its easy to export. Theres no spell-check, not really and theres no way to add created words to a dictionary. If you want perfect, this isnt it...but i don’t think I’ve found perfect yet.
I like it, however, it is always difficult to get in touch with anyone in Google’s customer relation (if they have any such department). I not only found this to be true with dealing with App issues. I also tried to get information about their education management platform by sending them an email. It’s been 3 weeks now and no one has responded to my email. A friend of mine told me that she had the same issue.😫😫☹️☹️
YO BEING IN COLLEGE IS HARD AND STRESSFUL AND GOOGLE DOCS MAKES IT EASIER. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼  ITS LIT DAWG 
Love google. Love that it’s free (for the most part) great features. Easy to use. Great stuff !
Great but why were all my documents erased
I use Google Docs for all my essays in class [on computer] and for other projects but the iOS version does not live up to it. I use an iPad Pro and it’s very hard to navigate through a document. Also the find and replace option either does not work, or is basically impossible on finding out how to work. I’ve tried countless times to use it over the past few months and have given up by either manually replacing the word or using my computer instead.
Easy to use, auto save feature a plus.
This is just simply and awesome easy to use app and kinda of give it and edge over word. I love how it will save when u forget to and all the easy tweaks u can do. Alos the ability to share it with teachers and students
🤩🤩🤩
I like Google Docs A LOT!  I use it almost exclusively with my Ipad and it serves me very well.  I’m very grateful to have it available?
It’s extremely convenient and easy to use , I love it!
I love google docs, as I can just bring it up on any of my apple devices at any time to capture notes. The only downside is the lack of font functionality. This is obviously very basic from a font perspective, but would love to see the ability to do more with fonts and formatting.
Look there are always going to be a few things I wish I had that I don’t but truthfully no other app even comes close to this so from one application designer to another, I say bravo.
Google Docs is wonderful! I travel between 4 buildings for work. I’m able to access, edit, and save all my docs no matter my location. They’re easy to share with others when needed as well! Love!!
The fact that I can work on the same document on desktop or tablets make it super amazing for me. And the auto save makes me confident that I hv what I need to have. And can print it from anywhere and any tablet, it's a win win.
Great app for making changes on the go!!!
It's pretty good  Would recommend 
Wish formatting was easier
I love this app it’s supper helpful if I have a paper due and I need to go to my moms friend house while they talk I can kinda do my own thing and do my hw on my phone. I can do my hw on the go and I have less to do at home. App it awesome 😎
Love to use it.
It's easy to use
I’m not going to lie, I’m one of the biggest procrastinator on this planet. THIS APP RIGHT HERE is the reason I’m passing my classes. I can’t tell you the amount of times I’ve written essays mins before the classes start using this app on my phone. It’s easy to use, convenient and with the way it allows you to transfer your assignment in any format you want (PDF, Word, exc.) to any where you want, makes for an extremely beautiful app. Now if only I could get my life together I could probably better utilize all the features it has to offer. But I don’t so yeah use this app.
GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Easy to download! Seamless transition from website to app! I’m a new mom and wife in grad school and this app has been clutch! Even as an undergrad this app helped me do papers and have access to study guide, Power Points, and more on the go.   What are you waiting for? Download it now! 
It takes too long to download, it takes too long to load in general it’s just a complete mess and waste of time. You’re better off just not downloading it
I love Google Docs to pieces, and I love using it on mobile. But for now, I prefer the computer version, because we can actually use custom colors. I would really enjoy the mobile version if there were custom colors added. 4 stars.
I have ben using the app for about a month and really love it.
It is convenient to use Google Docs on the IPad.  In some ways it is better than the online version for a Safari Mac user.  However, I still prefer MS Word, especially for its superior tracked changes features.
Having been using word processors since before Windows became public, I would rate Docs among the best.
Can’t imagine life without Google docs. I have access to my information from wherever I am in the world.
Google Docs on a MacBook or Chromebook is terrific. On iPad, not so much. The keyboard lag is bad, even when you’re no faster a typist than I am. Try to use the change tracking, and it slows even further, to a glacial rate.   There is no tab key and no ruler, so no way to properly make paragraphs with first-line indents or do hanging indents, as academic and manuscript formats require. The UI wastes a lot of screen space, leaving less space for text.   The outline feature is great, as is the way it looks up and inserts hyperlinks (which, unlike with Word and Pages, remain active when exported to PDF).   Google Docs for iOS doesn’t have to include every single thing the web version does, but its sluggish typing and lack of some  basic functions keep me from using it as much as I would like. 
Perfect for on the go editing of documents. Especially when due dates are in an hour and I’m no where near my laptop, this is a must for college students.
i need some way to make an indent like with the "tab" key, but this app offers no way to do that. Being an essential part of a word processor, I hope Google will fix this
Google Docs is liter than litmas🔥I have used it since 3rd grade and loved it ever since.
I have a small phone and I was able to type an essay with ease. I also loved that u can use it offline, which is really good on the road. The is nothing bad about it- perfect app but don’t stop improving because perfect doesn’t exist.
It so amazing I am in 4 grade and I love is instead of writing
Pulled through time and time again. It’s been years and docs is still my go to online file storage.
Auto shape tool needs fixing, when creating an obvious shape—such as a box, it turns it into a triangle or circle. Other shapes are incorrect too. Love this app either way.
This app is amazing and honestly helps me a lot with writing much easier than power point I say. So not all 5 cause on the phone when your using the app it can be a bit more confusing than easy to write but it’s still and amazing app for when maybe u want to work on ur essay on the go or when your sick (like me right now) and just quickly catching up on work.
This app is the best program to use for mobile text editing. I have tried word, but I need a membership for that, but this is great, and free!
I really like google docs. It’s straightforward, and it lets you download files to work on them offline. However, I wish they hadn’t took the password feature off. It really gave me a golden sense of security in terms of keeping my documents safe. I hope in future versions that this will come back, because I really liked it.
I just started using this App & I really Like it 
My personal computer is a Mac and I use it a LOT for work. At work our computers are all HP. For years I have spent countless hours trying to convert documents so that they are readable on each device, wasting precious time. I also use notes on my phone a lot and then always have to copy, paste to an email, send to my computer, paste to a word document on my computer, etc... thus a long process. With google docs, i can work on the same project from my phone, personal computer, work computer, tablet, heck anyone’s device because it is all saved and it is all right in front of me! I agree with another review that the option for folders would be nice, but I’m seriously just so happy to be able to work on all projects in the same place!
I gust what to use the f***ing website not the app
Getting rid of the passcode functionality was very frustrating. What’s the point of taking away a layer of security in an age when digital information is constantly being stolen.
It works great for me!
Would recommend to anyone who needs constant access to their documents regardless of where they are.
Remarkable synchronization. Elegant In most areas. Take some getting used to on the user interface for somebody used to using Microsoft products.
Easy to use, and free. One of the best systems I have used for collaborative writing, and never loses any of my work!
doesnt let me download
This app is so useful and easy to use
This really helps me keep up in school! I can access my docs, and the best thing about it is that it auto saves! Great work Google!
I’m enjoying this app because I can actually get some school work done at home instead of having to do it AT school. This app has one problem though, and it’s bugs. Whenever I try to type a little bit faster, it would glitch and take a while to load the new text. I think it’s very annoying, and there should be an improvement update with this.
Very good
Heirejrkidejodjsi fjfncjd CDE KFC j did fnrbfjrbjr fnrnI  just have to ru a goat for the only breason that is not going on the best possible to fight a goat and a peck cat is that she is not a queen goat ugood and the queen queen and I have a little queen queen I am not a goat or anything but like I am queen I am want queen to do so it will would be better than ever since it came queen and the princess and I am sure I will have a great
Google Docs has helped me so much with my schoolwork! It saves plenty of time to work on reports on my phone, and it is great to share work with friends.
I recommend it.
I am trying to work on a large document. It has a table chart in it that spans a couple pages. It has no issues working on my laptop. The first table chart I can edit in the app, the larger second chart it just freezes and won’t do anything. It’s so aggravating. What’s the point in the apps if I can’t use them without it freezing. So frustrating.
I'm a musician and on the road a lot, and I find it especially helpful that I can access Google docs through my phone to make quick changes (such as when I see a new venue I want to contact - I quickly open that particular doc and jot down the name). Very helpful!
Lllooovveeeee docs!
I love google docs and use it in many ways.  You won’t be disappointed. 1
I try to use docs on my ipad and more often than not when I click on a link to open a doc, it refers me to the App Store because it says I need the app. First off, why the heck do I have to get the app? Why won’t it ever let me just edit on a web browser like normal. Second, it tells me I need the app and sends me to the App Store and tells me to get the app I already have. So I then hit open and it only shows me the documents I have previously seen and it will not let me see the most recent doc.   The program is also unable to perform basic functions like spacing and formatting that I know very well how to do in both word and Apple Pages.   I try my utmost to avoid using docs, but do to its disturbing popularity among the sheeple, I am still forced to use it on occasion. 
Otherwise, love it!
I love this app the best app to do my work on
I love Google Docs. I get to use my phone instead of a computer, which makes it much easier because my phone is with me 24/7. Whenever I want to type something or work on a project all I have to do is pull out my phone and start typing.
Great app for schoolwork.
I love this because I can’t text her but on google docs I can have a conversation with her.  And you can make up your own stories and share it with you friends!!                                          Génial 
Fantastic Word Processor- and now they’ve added Century Gothic as a font too, wonderful!  Love the clean design & simple layout- I think it’s the cleanest design of anything Google does. 
I try to delete one useless document, but i never can find a way in app. I must delete it  on web of google drive by using laptop.
I love writing and now that I can do it on my phone and it’ll save to all the devices I have I can work on it wherever I go.
I use this for school. Between my notes and group writings where we can all write in the same document at the same time and it updates and save to the cloud. Makes classes so much easier
Thumbs up Google. The best ever and at no high costs. I was an avid Microsoft User but NOW I can have success anywhere, anytime and with whomever I want with Google Docs. Not going back.  Thanks for the forward thinking process. 
Awesome app!! I need to copy and paste into one document and boom, I’ve got it!
App works great, save all my info for school and other important info.
Before I found this app I was really lost in a way to make a well organized document. This helped me in so many ways.
Needs a way to indent at the beginning of a paragraph. Doesn’t seem to be clear that there is a way.
Less than intuitive controls for finding and organizing documents. Editing not robust compared to Word, lacking many important features.  No real “track changes” option and collaborators can easily make changes that you would not be aware of without doing some Investigating, which often leads to embarrassing and time consuming errors.  Far better to use Word and share docs through Dropbox.  If you track changes everyone’s revisions show up color coded and if you want temporarily to see the document with all changes accepted, you can and then still easily go back and display all of the edits until you are ready to accept them. Google docs doesn’t come close nor does it provide a full suite of tools that a decent word processing program should have.  My stomach clenches every time I’m asked to look at a document on google docs.
Very good. I use t to get homework done
Great for storage of basic documents not needing too much detail. Fits my needs..
Ok I love this app and all, but I prefer it on computer more. Here is a few tips to update your mobile app. -When you hold to delete, don't let it just go freely. - When you work on a doc with someone else, it lags when they are typing so it takes forever to see what they say. -Make the app more simple on phone, and easier to find things. 
This is an awesome app especially for recipes.  I can copy and paste; print them out; share them you name it.  This is truly the most useful app I’ve ever downloaded.
Google Docs is no doubt a very useful tool for almost anyone- and it’s free! The app isn’t confusing in the slightest, and you can access many helpful tools easily. However, as in any app, there are a few issues. I’ll list a couple down that annoy me the most, but keep in mind- I’m not saying that this is a bad app at all! I highly recommend that you get this- even if you’re on the edge. It’s free, it saves all of your data across devices, and if you delete the app, since it saves all of your data, you don’t need to worry about losing what you wrote. The issues I have with this app include: 1. You can’t make a “double dash” or whatever it’s called, where two dashes connect to make one longer one. 2. There are a couple of formatting issues. 3. Sometimes, if I’m typing quickly on a long document, the sentence won’t show up for another 10 plus seconds. 4. You can’t access all fonts on mobile!! You have to have used the font on your computer for it to show up on your mobile device. 
I’ve been using Docs for almost 3 years and I’d definitely recommend it. I’ve used it for notes, stories, movie scripts, backup picture saves, and my resume. However, the thing that prevents it from getting a perfect 5/5 is the fact that it freezes sometimes when I stop typing, or when I use the side icon to move quickly through documents. I don’t know what it is, but it’ll just freeze and I end up having to exit the Doc and reentering it. This is minor though, and it usually only goes as far as that, and it still saves what I wrote before the freeze. I’d still like this to be fixed though so I don’t have to constantly do this; it does get annoying and even infuriating when I have to do it dozens of times over a few hours.
Butter buttons butterflies
A quick, accessible application that has saved me time and time again when my MacBook fails. I'm always sure to save my most important docs with Google Docs because you never know when your laptop might crash, making saved work inaccessible.
As a freelance writer with a different day job, this is exactly what I need to work on my writing whenever I have a free moment, to always be able to pick up wherever I left off, and to share my work with my editors for their consideration. Thank you Google!
Too limited and basic compared to desktop or web app versions. For example, Share & Export doesn’t give you any ways to export, only to share or make copies with two different links. I find myself constantly needing to switch to a different app.
I could nitpick this app and say this or that that I don't like, but simply put this app exceeds my expectation for what I wanted out of it. Does so much and very easily and for free! You get a whole bunch that you didn't pay for, what's not to like?
I am in school and I use Google Docs all of the time in class. It works well when multiple people are working on the same document, but it is so glitchy on the iPad. Sometimes when I type, my iPad freezes for a second and does not pick up what I am typing, so I constantly have to go back and redo my sentences. This can be a huge pain when I have write and essay. There are also many bugs in the system like not italicizing when I want it to or adding an extra space when I don’t want one. Google, fix the bugs please.
I enjoy having this app. I can edit my documents, change fonts, etc. I can do a page set up, so I know how it will print.  I like that I can use on OS and IOS. It all backs up.  It all syncs. 
I absolutely love google docs, especially since I’m in college and it saves your work automatically when your up at 2:00am trying to finish an essay that is due that same day and you fall asleep.  There probably is away to do this, but if not I wish there would be away to categorize documents into different folders for different projects or classes and or poor year. I think this would be very helpful for me since one day I would love to show my kids that hard work does pay off.  The slide shows are excellent and great for presenting history projects to make them at least semi fun and very easy to use once you learn to switch over from PowerPoint... but the basic outline I personally feel is similar yet differently. The docs were it is like Microsoft Word is very identical just a few extra perks of not having to save, having all of your work in one place, and very easy usage.   The only reason for a 4 star was the fact is that if it doesn’t have the filing system “ I would be surprised if it didn’t” again probably haven’t figured it out, but have been using this program since 2015 at-least so I think I would have found it, but things fly over everybody\'s head sometimes “am I right or am I right?” 
I don’t know how it happened, but after I made a copy of my resume, It kept making copies. I keep deleting them, but more just keep on coming. It has not been that long, but I have close to 50. It is a bit annoying. Please fix.
I use it for work and more, on different devices!
Works perfectly. Did not know how well this application is until I was looking for a alternative to others that looked good but had some problems with them.
I think google docs is a great way for kids to learn. Though I did leave out one star because I think that staffs and teachers of the world should let children get off the devices and write on paper.
I love using Docs for everything from letters to meeting notes to flyers. It is simple to use and the templates are helpful. For basic work it does the job. However, I do always have an issue with one thing. I have multiple email addresses for the different organizations that I am involved in and create documents for...multiple times I have created a document under the wrong email and then can not open it or have it in “my drive” under the current one UNLESS I copy and paste it into a new document with the current email. It would be great if, as the owner of said multiple emails, I could drag and drop files into the correct Drive so that I don’t always have to sign out/sign in so many times when I make a simple mistake.
Amazing app. you can changed the fonts, colors, bold, italic. It’s so amazing I recommend
This the best app any student or professional could have whether on the phone or tablet. It’s absolutely essential for busy people on the go who need to write an essay, speech or just to take notes. I absolutely love it !!!
Amazing
This is one of the best apps I think that I have every owned. You can change the font text size and even under line it
I’ve been using google docs since 6th grade and it’s been very handy. It’s much easier and simple to use than word and it has the same features, but even extra because sharing and editing a doc at the same time as other people is very easy and not complicated at all! I turn in most of my assignments on google doc and it’s been easily viewed and graded! If you ever need to do an essay this is your place! If you need to take notes, and if you need to do group projects, google slides and google docs should be your go-tos. In closing, it’s easier to use and offers more features than Word and PowerPoint.
Please add merge cells option for tables in google docs   I would love to see iPad pencil compatibility 
Love being able to access my documents from my work computer, my phone or tablet.  Makes this busy Mama’s life just a little easier.  Now if there was a Google version of Publisher that would be perfect.
Will keep trying...maybe I'm expecting too much from a web-based system
اشكركم برنامج مفيد جداً
I love google docs! It get all my planning, typing, and work done. I like that I don’t have a limit of pages and it fit all of my stuff. I advice that you gets this app and you will be very happy with what you got!
I have used Google Docs for many years and find it to be the easiest app possible for word processing!
It's so helpful! It helps me with my school work and other stuff in my life!
I use Google Docs with my students. The app allows for easy group work access and I get to view and monitor the work in progress.
This app has changed how I do business!
I can get my school work done from my phone it is so easy and simple to use
It is wonderful and easy to use   Love it!
I have used this for many, many documents! It’s a great product and has served me flawlessly to date!
I love how convenient and resourceful the app is.
Good
I use google docs for school and this app is great! For example, a couple days ago I forgot to type my name on an assignment that was due that period and it was super easy to use and share docs! Definitely recommend!
No draw feature
Google usually does not disappoint. And this is just another example of a great product from them.
There is nothing I cannot do with Docs except maybe slice bread, so it’s the best things slice bread but maybe not as cool as sliced bread.
Есть весь необходимый инструмент для быстрого и простого создания и редактирования документов
I love google docs, as long as I'm near a computer and printer I'm all set. I don't have to worry about not being able to print out a document because it's saved on the hard drive of my computer and I don't have it on me at that very moment. Extremely convenient.
As a writer, fundraiser, and pre-med student I found that Google docs is the best source to carry all my writings , project fund raising documentations and planning , in addition to that it is my safe as a student. I spend 9/10 of my time on the laptop using it. Safest, fastest,and easiest way to deal with all my important and secret documents. I highly recommend it 💯💯 
This app is very handy! There aren’t too many things wrong with it. Just that it is hard to copy and paste. Also you cannot delete pages (not that I know of) or at least it is not easy. These things can be easier by using the computer version though!
I'm working on a year long project and this helps me work on it all the time. I travel a lot so this helps me be able to keep up in class when across the country
Works very well with my IPad, and I like being able to use docs anywhere I go, not just on my computer!!! LOVE it!!!
Makes college work so much easier to not have to be able to get laptop out constantly
The Google suite is God
Allows me to stay up to date while on the run. Love the whole suite of products.
It let me save my notes and able to print.  Love this app 
This app is perfect for anyone who has to write a paper on the go. While providing access offline, containing unlimited space, and offering amazing quality, this app is perfect for those eager for success.
It’s an amazing product to have at my disposal! The reliability.....I don’t even think about reliability because this product is that reliable. Collaboration between the entire team is a great tool to have and this product gives us that ability with ease.
I like that this word processor is simple, but has all of the features I desire to write text. With Drive, anything I write is available immediately on my PC and iPad. I use it most with my iPhone, because it is just so darn handy.  Does not work in my Kindle Fire--Amazon blocks the app. 
I love my mustang it comes with a 2.4L engine with a thunderous turbo. 5900 p of t. And oh yea google docs is aight
Needs better instructions for i phone use. Still can’t figure out how to rename a file. A bit cumbersome.
I keep downloading Google apps because I need to do something that I can do with Drive, Docs etc on my computer. And every time I do, I learn that the one piece of functionality I need isn’t there. Do you guys ever to any user testing or are you just too big for your britches and think you know better than users? 🤯😡👎
Love docs but is not a great setup and is a lot easier to use on your computer. But for on the go use it is overall pretty good.
Allows me to work from anywhere and easily collaborate with others
I'm in high school and our school uses Google Apps for Education. Most of our assignments and information is given on classroom and docs. What's great about this app is that it's very easy to use. You select the document and start typing. It's a little difficult to do other things beside typing, but that's expected given the constraints of the phone. It allows me to access my work anytime I have an internet connection and I can even make documents available offline. If they could make this a little more like the computer version where we could zoom in and out to see the whole page this app would be perfect
I use Google Docs almost daily now. I find the flexibility to Mose from computer to device an amazing tool for my work and personal needs. I can organize my docs easily. No complaints here!
Just do it.              -Nike 
IM TRYING TO POST AN AU STOP CRASHINGGG
I love using this to edit and make my school projects😄
Thanks to Google’s Docs, Sheets, Drive, Slides and Calendar I don’t skip a beat in my work life and creative life. And I don’t have to spend a fortune, or ANY MONEY AT ALL, getting a Microsoft bundle that only works on a single PC or Mac, or worry about the differences between the two when it comes to sharing/downloading/uploading  documents. What I do in Docs on my work PC is seamlessly and simultaneously available on my phone, Mac and any dang computer I sign into Google with. Brilliant, absolutely brilliant. I can’t praise these Google utilities enough.
Helps me get H.W done faster when doing projects with classmates.
I get this app, thinking it will help me AND IT MAKES MY LIFE WORSE! I can’t add photos, doesn’t show pages, SO I CANT GET ANY SCHOOL POEMS DONE. Worst part? IT THINKS FOR ME. It makes me so mad!
Tttt
I’m the executor of an estate and have been able to keep track of things so much easier with Google Docs.
Very good
If they would make the formatting manipulation match Microsoft word than I would of gave it a 5STAR!!! Rating. But google docs can be come complicated when it comes to a couple of things when using it. But I still love it!!
I have used google docs on the computer for a long time now. When I saw it on the mobile version I had to get it! It is very similar to the computer version. Although you may have to do quite some scrolling if you have a large document, because the screen is much smaller than on a computer. Also this is a great app for on the go. If your traveling, on vacation or whatever situation this is perfect because you have a whole document right in your hands. Plus I love how it is compatible without WiFi. Overall this is a great app for anytime and anywhere. Definitely recommend it!
This issue has been happening for a while now. When I type documents on my phone they no longer transfer to computers AT ALL.
I’ve tried everywhere, every time I come in on it it never loads! It’ll keep the loading sign and that’s it I have a big project I need to do and I need this fixed it’s on WiFi and it doesn’t work it’s on data and it doesn’t work and it’s getting me a bit agitated please fix it every single google app I have doesn’t do this!!! The other apps work perfectly fine but I don’t know why this one isn’t working!
It is so easy to do school work on this app also drive and sties and...YEAH...everything else u guys have made. :P
Great for school
Loving this app from Google, but can you please add a few more features similar to Word, so that we have even more reason to use Google Docs and not Word. Thanks.
Only problem is it can’t read out loud
I still have some keyboard lag like others have complained about, but it seems slightly better so fingers crossed that it stays that way.  However, I think there might be some issues with search. Whenever I try to search in a document whose first page is only an image (like a cover page), tapping on find and replace randomly turns on print outline. I don’t understand the reason for this, and in the print outline mode the search only scrolls to the first occurrence of the text. So if you want to find any other occurrence, you’re out of luck. Performance also takes a serious hit when the whole document gets reformatted.  In the documents where search works correctly, it still doesn’t quite scroll the highlighted text into view. It’s just under the bottom “replace” bar. This means that you have to scroll a little lower to see if it’s the correct occurrence you were looking for...but as soon as you scroll, the input bars disappear. So if it’s the wrong location, you have to go search again, press the down button i + 1 times, and repeat. For some reason though the documents that randomly turn on print outline let you scroll without dismissing search.  I would really enjoy a search that doesn’t reformat my document and also correctly scrolls the elements into view. 
Lol
I really love this app, but it has a flaw. It keeps putting the red line under words that I’m using in the correct context and that I know I’m spelling right, but t keeps saying it’s wrong, which is really annoying.
Please add voice item to mobile version on iPhone.it’s best useable options to add on iPhone.I always waiting to this option and every time i check if there is any update on store or not and every time i become disappointed.please consider this request.
I write a lot of stories and some are apart of a series so having such an easy way to keep them all together, especially being able to just open a few tabs with them open is nice for me. I type more on the iPad version though which is still pretty awesome. Not much for me to complain about other than it's a little glitchy sometimes and I wish the grammar was a little more in depth but still amazing.
I love it and use it for school.
This app is great a little confusing at first but then you understand it
This app is so clean and simple on iOS. Works great with a nice keyboard. 5 Stars
It’s a really useful app for school , business or personal use. The best that It’s free and pretty easy to use.
Google drive and all of it’s sub apps such as docs are just the best, regardless of operating system. This app is easy to use and has a lot of capabilities for its simplicity.
If you’re in college and on the go this is for you. I’m the type to forget important documents, being able to access this anywhere has been a life saver.
Did update on iPhone, and lost password protection for google doc Unable to apply protection. PLEASE ADVISE !!!!!!! Very good app Help asap 
It's like having your laptop on the go.
I’ve been using Google docs for a lot more things than I used to lately. The phone app helps a lot when I’m not on my Mac. Google is far superior to anything Apple or Microsoft does in this area of cloud based documents and collaboration.
Still doesn't let me change my photo size and crop !!!!!
Google docs is a great way to stay connected, learn, and communicate through the internet. The only problem is that when connected to LTE, it will not save any information. Even though I have LTE, it will not save unless directly connect to the internet. I’ve lost document work this way. I hope they fix this because it’s a great tool to use and can come in handy on the go. I prefer google docs on the computer for now!
This app is sooooo helpful.I can do my school work on it and make more fun docs.And that is why it is getting a five star rating from me
Might as well face it, we have all been assimilated.
So I love Google Docs, I use it all the time. But I’ve noticed in the last week or two that particular documents, usually the most recent one or two I edited on my computer, won’t allow me to edit on my phone. I’ll open it up and it will give me a loading sign as well as show me the document, but not let me scroll or do anything with the loading sign still there. I also can’t press the back button, so the only way to get out of the app is to force quit it (by clicking the home button twice and swiping up Docs). I have tried everything I can, and it has been very challenging when I need to edit an important document before a certain time in the day but it won’t load on my phone.
Able to keep my records on file of all necessary money accounts. Documents are easily copied and pasted for future reference! Best type and go app! Perfect!
I couldn’t be more happy that I have access to any and all docs that I want where ever I am. It makes writing when I get the inspiration in bed or even when I need to jot something down at work, it’s all there as long as I have the internet. And it had all the functions of word programs, from being able to format pictures, text, lists and bullet point outlines. I love it.
It syncs seamlessly between computer and phone.   The only bug is that sometimes I get the link to share on my computer by copying the URL from the browser (ending with HTML) and then, even if sharing is on, I share that link and people can’t edit on their phone. It’d be better if, once you allow sharing by link on the computer, the URL when you pull up the doc is automatically the right URL to share. 
When you number your pages on the google docs computer that need to mark it as well on the google docs app
I have used Docs awhile and find it to be exactly what I needed. Works great - no problems.
Great for working on the go. Laptop, iPad, phone—my files follow me!
I'd like to be able to add multiple images at one time instead of just a single picture each time.   Before, when I would share documents by gmail, I wouldn't have to wait for it to complete sending and now I do, it takes a while and I don't like that!   Please fix this. I don't want to have to wait for my emails of documents to send. 
Google Docs is now my go-to app for any word processing.  It’s an excellent app.
The only thing I would change is that it doesn’t have an option for I setting little check boxes. If it had that, I would give it 5 stars, hands down. Otherwise, so useful!
I’m in sixth grade and I use it for school projects.
I love doc the convenience and ease of use.  I recommend it to everyone
Very handy for college students. Only drawback is that on iPad Pro, can’t resize table height/width or merge cells. Can’t view entire page at once. Auto view is set to this unusual format where you have to change the view to see how it will print. Overall though very few complaints, just a little limited from my perspective.
Easy to use and you can view them anywhere
Since being introduced to Google Docs about three years ago it has become my favorite productivity tool. It's compatibility with other programs made it easy to transfer previous work and has allowed me to save my work without problems on the Google drive and cloud making anything I need for home or school (I Teach) easily accessible wherever I am.
It is really good for typing reports
As a pastor, I work on sermons and lessons on my laptop, my office computer, or my iPad.  I carry the iPad to the pulpit and now never have to keep up with loose notes.  As the convenience is wonderful!
Works very well on my IPhone 8+. I can even edit my students papers.
Allows me the flexibility to edit documents from my computer then get up and go and continue editing from my phone with automatic saving. Highly adaptive and versatile app
This app is a game changer for really any student! While although great for storing and writing on the go, the real asset is using this for collaborative work with classmates!  Group papers, or sharing study guides- this is your go to! The simultaneous editing that allows you to work with others but from far away saves time and is incredibly convenient! No more flash drives! Saves automatically!   I friggin LOVE GOOGLE DOC! 
Great App !
I discovered google docs while in college and i love that its free and it auto saves as you type.
Puedo usar esa app para la escuela, escribir historias y más. Es una aplicación perfecta! Gracias.
The easy to use interface allows me to easily use tools and options. The ability to use offline writing is extremely handy.
It creates docs that are convertible to multiple formats, and opens edits and views docs from other programs. Multi person online editing and storage. And auto save.
Main reason I use Docs and not Word is that MS wants you to use the desktop app to change text styles.  Google Docs allows it - which is a must have feature.  Docs is light weight 
Get the app!
I really enjoy using google docs. My only complaint is not being able to turn a PDF into a doc - it stays a PDF. Otherwise I’m very happy with this.
ممتاز
Love this app!
Totally Great! I am still using it after a couple of years and counting and going strong! Alexis Bernabe, ex animo.
I use google docs at school on a chrome book and now that I can use it on here is useful I can get work done faster
It's decent.
i do not like this app because i have to use it for school. too much work.
I have to use google docs as a student, this make it so much easier to do group projects that needs to be typed. Thanks to this app I don’t have to take my computer and wait for the internet to load, then search it up. But thanks to this I just pull out my phone and edit or type away, make sure you get this app it will help for real ☺️
I love it! I can write anytime anywhere.🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
A great app
I’ve been using google docs for my school work and it’s been a great help to me. The option to work online as well as offline has been very convenient in my busy schedule. I’d recommend to anyone on the go or even just looking for a great, safe place for your words.
I use docs all the time for school, and I think that this app is totally worth it
I never had to do such a thing before. And the fact that it connects with the google drive, I could access my documents where ever and edit them where ever. Or make a completely new document. It’s great!
I love Docs!  I’m using it to write my first book and it’s incredibly user friendly and convenient. Even while I’m on the go!
I love this app!! It’s super easy to navigate
I am a student and I love just being able to type up papers on my phone.
Google has done an excellent job in putting together a sweet have apps that pretty well handles 80 to 90% of my needs as a small business or as an employee. I am pleased with the level of security in control of access permissions/privileges. And I feel like the apps actually have the right amount of features that take care of a majority of my business needs. It’s a fantastic app.
I love how you can use docs wether you are on WiFi or not, and all the controls are super easy to use. This app has saved me when I forget about papers I have due and I can do them quickly while out and about on my way to school. Thank you!
Simple, accessible, useful! I simply love this app! Thank you Google!
This version is pretty cool, but I also miss the ability to view the page numbers in the print preview.
The google docs is like a college students dream. It’s free, just as good(or better) than it’s competitors, and is reliable and convenient. No more USB transfers, or having to email yourself. Just plain old write and off to the cloud(void?) I goes.
Thank you! Using it in the classroom has upped our productivity and kept papers from being lost! Yahoo!!!
I love Google Docs. I don't see how it could improve. Instantly saves your work too. Woot!
The app is great , I personally love it , i use it for everything , the only problem is it glitches a lot and that can sometimes throw you off track . But other wise it is an amazing app to use , I would definitely recommend it .
I love Docs so much. I write story's and it is so great because I can work on them offline. I love it so much. The only complaint I have is that until you get used to it, the controls on the size and font are confusing to me. Otherwise I absolutely love it.
It is quality app for making small documents that are not complicated but, with an ipad it get very hard. On my macbook pro I use docs every time now question but I would make a large project with docs on the iPad.
Worst App Ever
My husband and I can access documents and update at all times. I won’t use anything else.
It makes my life easy its great app
I need Docs for many classes and managing accounts is very helpful.
My RTF files are showing up blank and will not show up in a search. In order to read an RTF file, I have to go via Chrome.
This app is so useful for my school and such, it’s a little. Hard to figure out at first but in the end it saves so much time
Using the iPad version on an iPad Pro, I lost everything I had changed in the past hour. I use google docs for everything and this is the first time something like this has happened. The app crashed and when I was reopening it I was hoping it saved my last sentence. The horror upon realizing that I had just lost the entire hour of changes was devastating. I won’t be using this app for some time and never on anything critical again.
I love Google Docs!! I can easily access documents with any WIFI. You have to try it if you like writing!
Google Docs has become an essential tool for me as a pastor.  I utilize multiple devices and take notes in mobile situations frequently.  Google Docs allows me to do this and access my work from any workstation later.    Way to go, Google! 
Just started using and I love being able to copy and paste my research from the internet, create a doc and print. Awesome tool to have on my iPhone.
Great app to backup documents & collaborate with others
Saving my life in grad school love ya google docs
I use google docs daily and I used to love it. It keeps crashing and freezing and taking forever to load. It’s been like this for almost two weeks and it needs to be fixed. I don’t have time for it to be acting up.
Back in college after a decade long break. Lots of new info sharing technology. When it comes to group projects where breaking down project parts and sharing that research/information google docs is great. Three of us were in class simultaneously editing our preliminary document for our Policy class today. I didn’t realize that was something you could do! I thought it just let you post documents and (periodically) upload updates. It’s VERY user friendly as well. Currently using it for two classes and their respective group projects.
The app is very uncomplicated and has very amazing mechanics
I use google docs for school and I live that it makes education easy!
I love Google docs! It has been very reliable and made my life so much simpler. It works great on all my devices.
....
I don’t know about you, but my iPhone has pretty much replaced my computer for casual, fun web browsing at home. A desk chair is never going to compare to my recliner, so being able to follow my art/craft/ food interests without budging from my comfort zone is of premier interest to me.  But, I want to SAVE those recipes, copy that art tutorial, find those how-to directions for making whatever I’m currently interested in, right there. Without ever leaving my living room.  Enter Google Docs- mobile app. I can not only save it all in one place, I can actually FIND it again, because it puts my saved documents in alphabetical order. It unfortunately can’t tell me what the heck I called that file on making your own fruitfly killer, but eh... that’s another rabbit trail isn’t it? I love it. I can even send my docs to other people, so doubly nice.  There’s a learning curve but it’s really pretty simple. Try it. You might love it too. 
This is really helpful when you need to be doing homework due in class. I don’t have access to a computer but docs helps me fix and edit my papers the day before their due.
I’m doing well with Google Docs so far after installing on my new iPad. It’s cool that it saves my info automatically, and way cool that I can pull it up on any device, as I’ve saved my work to Drive. Works the same on a PC. Easy to share my work with others, too. Well done, Google!
I use this app with family and business associates. We share information this way. The ease of searching for a doc is superior to searching texts.
I love Google Docs and have been using it for years. The largest feature I wish the mobile app had was the ability to save/export a doc as a PDF. This feature is available on a desktop browser, but on mobile you only have the ability to export as a .docx file.
I love it i use it for school and at home to free write and I also have a google classroom thing so this is very helpful
I think it is an amazing app but if you have a small phone like me you shouldn't get this app because of how hard it is to type with this app
I gave it 4stars because it is not good on iPhones and iPads 📱it works good on computers 💻
I use docs a lot. And I mean a lot. I have grown so use to it‘s flawless, easy to use interface. The app is slightly different than the computer. One problem I have is that I can‘t indent my paragraphs. I find that there is no indent button, and I have to use the space bar. If this could get added, that would be great.
This is awesome because Sense we do not bring home Crome books home yet (I am in 5th grade we get to next year in 6th) I can work on my device and work on essays that will be due soon or assignments that I need to finish thank you google for letting us use google apps on non google device!!!!!😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻
I’m a writer and struggle with writing during interviews, especially when I need quotes. This has made it easy. Just select the mic icon on the keyboard and you get instant print of everything being said. Though it doesn’t always get the words perfect, it certainly improves my ability to recreate a story.
Great for writing an essay on the go!
Trash
The main thing I use the app for is access on the go. It’s great to be able to share a doc immediately instead of making a note to share it later. It’s easy to quickly open docs to access information and show others. If you use Google docs, you want this app on your phone.
I used it for my documents
Google docs is a great app overall. The one problem I have is that if I update a document on my computer, it takes a bit to get to my iPad. This is a problem because I sometimes forget my computer and have my iPad, and the document is not updated, so I can't do my homework.
No flash drive needed
I love this app. Use it for work and personal studies.
Don’t take this the wrong way, Google, but this game makes me want to squat behind a bush and cry. This game make me want to “accidentally” put soap in my eye. This game makes me want to punch people who say “For the last time. It’s not a game. It’s a very successful and convenient app to help me organize my thoughts and ideas in a professional way.” This game makes me want to eat the battery that’s in my phone. This game makes me want to drop a textbook on my foot. This game makes me really really sad ;((
Love to keep my important things in one location
This app is awesome
By the title you probably know what I am going to say. BUT I DON’T CARE. I am going to tell you anyway. I am a student that likes to finish work. So when I need to keep writing I can do it on google docs. I would recommend this app if you like writing and doing things on time. But if you don’t care I would still recommend it. The only thing is that takes a minute or two to load. But I don’t care to much I just have to get out of the page and get back on and it works ok. If you’re not in school this would still work if you need to write I guess. To be honest I don’t care how you use this app. Also one thing I like is I can share my writing with my friends and my teacher.
The app is great for sharing docs amongst a group. But when I attempt to make edits or add additional text to our project the app crashes after just a few words. Thought it might be a one time thing so I repeated the process multiple times at multiple points in the document. Same result. App crashes out. Hopefully Google is aware of this bug already and is working on a fix. If I can help let me know.
What I love most about this app is that I can access it easily.  This allows me to jot down a thought as it happens and can add to a previous thought easily as well.
I don’t know what’s up with the new update but it keeps crashing and I’m in the middle of a huge project!!! Fix it please!!!
I really like this app. The documents I work on are saved in my drive so I don't have to worry about losing them. The only thing that bothers me is the Spell Check it is not clearly visible and sometimes doesn't work. Please upgrade the Spell Check feature.
Good app. Stable.
i use this app all the time for my creations and projects. i'd definitely recommend this app.
Amazing
I've been using this app almost daily for the last two years and it's been great until recently. Now doing projects with other people is almost impossible because it only lets me go through two or three comments (reply or resolve) and crashes. Every single time
I love docs as I mainly use it for school work works really well
And thats good enough, compatibility is a little rough but you can muscle through
Use it ALL THE TIME & for so many different tasks. Thank you!!!
Google docs do a really nice job. Much easier to share and edit as a team.
Please bring it back! I want to keep my docs secure from someone being able to open my docs if my device is unlocked. Getting ready to uninstall this app!
Hello my name is Adele. My teachers like giving out homework online, like writing essays. We can start homework in class, and this app makes me be able to do it on my phone! You dont need Internet to do it, and my school has bad WiFi so it works out. It makes my assignment easier and there are SO many more options! (fonts, sizes, color) and you can really personalize your paper.
I travel and use iPad as opposed to a laptop. Google docs works well as a solution to editing documents.
I write quite a bit and have used Pages since it started up. Google Docs flows so much better and has more options than Pages. Don’t get me wrong, Pages is a lot prettier and is wonderful if you don’t like the setup of google docs. However for me I may end up transitioning everything to Docs to focus less on beautification and more on the writing. Great job Google!
I've been using Google Drive since it was Google Docs. Google has continually improved this product and I only expect it to get better. Now I can edit my docs across multiple devices. I'm lovin' it. This is my most used collaboration software among the teams I work with.
Really good for middle school and high school Sunday. I'm  one myself and I like it.
Google docs is the best to write a essay,project,science,recipes and for work people with out docs should get this app cause it is a useful app
I enjoy being able to access my documents with any computer instead of worrying about it being in a cloud or onedrive. The only problem I ever have is that when I cut and paste from even a word document into google docs, the format is usually weird. It takes a while to fix but other than that, I love it!
Readily Available and easy to use on whatever device you have. Thanks, Google.
Excellent as a word processor with great editing tools, document sharing, and collaboration.
It is wonderful for a 47 year old lady going back to school easy to use thanks google you saved my essay
OH WOW! I'm enjoying this app sooo much! I write short stories, this app has really made my life much easier. Thank you! 
I love this! Only problem is when you backspace. I’m making a book and reading my friends book at the same time! If you’re looking at google docs for work or for school or books then I TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS!!!
On mine I try and open a doc and it just loads and loads and loads and it doesn’t work I’ll give 2 stars
The only thing I complain about is, the spell check is not that fast or accurate at times and this goes the computer website too. On the website I downloaded gramerly, so that way I could fix my mistakes (especially for docs), it said that docs does not allow gramerly so RIP me. The good thing about it is if I need to do homework that involves me getting my chromebook, I take the lazy way and just do it on my phone because it is so much easier reaching for your pocket. But please don’t think that this is a bad app, it really is good and I like it it is just the spell checking system (mostly on the website). 
I have loved using Google Docs for projects and making pamphlets for work, it is an amazing tool to be able to use. It is a real step forward and technology!
The obvious best thing about google docs is I can work on a document and then bring it up on some other device and continue where I left off without old school worries of transferring a file! (I know that ages me)  It does get annoying though that the editing availability seems to depend on the type of device I’m using.  Sometimes I can do something and sometimes it’s not available. 
5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know 5 stars to an app I don’t know
Not as good as docs on the computer but handy for when you are on the go
I really like this app because I can get my schoolwork done and I don’t have to go out a buy an expensive Crome book.
This app makes it extremely easy to access documents and share with other people! Love it!
I really like this app!!!!!!!!!
I love this app! It helps me finish all my assignments for school right from my phone! I also love that you’re able to work offline, so I can work on the go as well.
Ok I really love using Google and all of the products since they all work and play well together - I just want to get it out there.  My one beef:  I was making notes for my exam and I was working on my iPad Pro (10.5 in). I was connected to WiFi at Denny’s since it was the only place open past 10PM (Starbucks had closed). I was with my classmate doing some last minute studying.  Usually, Google Docs will tell you that you are not connected to the internet. However, when I was working on my notes it looked like it was syncing properly. Since I’m working on the Google Docs on the iPad, I assumed it would save; the difference with the web version is that the web version will say “All changes save in Drive”.   I had 4 hours of important notes for my exam that I created between the hours of 1am - 4am.  Well, guess what.  When I woke up at 11 am to leave for the university and I finally arrived early to review, I checked my Google Docs.  It only had my notes before 1AM!   I LOST ALL OF MY NOTES between 1am - 4am! There’s no version history record, zip, nada!  I was panicking obviously since it was exam day.  AND you know what, I got my grade after the exam, and the majority of my mistakes were from the notes that was missing!  So I think there’s a problem here: Google Docs for iPAD is NOT reliable. It should save automatically to the Drive but if it CANNOT, it should  1) give an alert that it is NOT able to save to the Drive 2) save a BACKUP into Files in the iPad until Docs in the iPad can sync with Drive.  **** Tip:  Do NOT use the iPad version of Docs (I am using the current version as of writing this review). Instead, use the web version.   If you are a student who totally got screwed like me, my advice is that you use your iPad to listen to your lectures or watch the PowerPoints, and write your notes on the WEB VERSION of Docs.   *** Note: I checked my Web version of Docs and looked at the version history of the problematic note and it says that the only version Docs has is from TODAY (2/1/2018). But it has ALL of my notes before 1am on 1/31/2018. I have been working on my notes in my Docs (iPad) since 1/24/2018!  WOW!   I. CAN’T. EVEN! 
I can work on my phone and computer at any time and don’t have to pay anything witch is amazing because paying to write is just ridiculous. But I enjoy how it’s organized and it helps me with my writing a lot!
I'm a very good user of technology with my screen reader. Typing is a hassle, I wish google would listen to me and improve their accessibility, I'd be glad to test it. And also, it's a hassle to type with a Bluetooth keyboard. It will say letters multiple times even though it doesn't type it, and
I am surprised at the ease of use
Lifesaver for school work, especially last minute school work. Never let me down.
I’ve had so many short stories, novellas, and full novels saved by Google Docs. When my computer crashed and had to be wiped (since got a new one, but the loss was felt!), I was terrified I’d potentially lost over ten years of writing. I’d switched to Docs about a month prior and hadn’t realized it was all still there until I opened the app on my phone and saw everything was right there. It was a huge relief. My only issue with the mobile app is that it sometimes lags as I’m typing, and I can be three sentences ahead before it finally begins to stutter out the first. It’s so frustrating, especially when I see tons of typos and have to rewrite it all. I’d thought it was my old iPhone 4, but it’s the same with the iPhone 8 now too.
it’s so easy to use and i get my work done in a fast and efficient manner on it. it also has a better viewing format than any other app.
The app is insisting on a review, so here it is:  Docs is an excellent app for doing word processing in the cloud the Google-Way. 
It’s really nice for school projects, but also really just writing in general. Though sometimes it gets a little confusing.
The app works well; I don't have any real complaints with it.
I really require, as do many other people, the abulity to copy/paste segments of the work that is being done. It is very crucial to repeticious data input or segregation of documents. 1 STAR because the app editors need to read this. AND CHANGE. I will keep adding 1 star when i can to get my point across.
Such a great and easy app to use. Simple clean. Love it.
When I was making tables on my Ipad, I couldn’t find the merge cells icon. So I have to do it on my laptop where I can merge cells. You should give an upgrade so I can merge cells on my Ipad.
It's pretty gat
So easy to use! I run everything off Docs now!
I love this app! I used to write at home on my laptop, but now I can write when I'm at work, at Starbucks, basically anywhere. If I'm feeling inspired I can start writing within seconds. It's also great that you have the option to work offline as well.
Extremely easy to use ; hence I use it a whole lot for many different projects, couldn’t be happier ❤️
This app cheesed me 👳🏿                                      👘 
I am able to edit the document on my iPad Pro, its confusing when i save the document , to docs or pdf.  I can not open the document and edit.  It’s not working for m on my iPad Pro.
I am always going to and from school and my laptop’s battery dies before I get there, losing me all my things. Therefore, I always leave it at home. Here’s where docs comes in. When I get to school, I’m expected to have all my documents on hand, so I use docs, as you can access your docs on any computer that you can sign in to with your gmail account. This is a very useful tool for me. Thanks Google!
I’m unable to highlight a word and choose “Look up”
I love typing stories in it!! It's so helpful!! It makes me love writing so much more!!🙂
It is great how your work is transferred to the cloud and accessible off any device with drive.    I mostly use docs but the other parts of drive are also great.  It is my favorite writing app by far only rivaled by Notability.  I also like how you can work offline and then it loads once you connect to Wifi.  I wish there are custom page options for color and other stuff like that.  But it is a great app!👍🏾😃
It's great I've had no problems.
This app is amazing for work on the go I can open the app and get started I was working on at home in google docs. I can work any where  In the bus at the store where ever you want to work. 
It's Good
I just adore Google Docs!!!It makes me so happy that I can write stories,tell jokes,and more!!!I love Google Docs!!!!!!!!!!'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a great tool to use on the computer but is very difficult to use on the iPad or iPhone I highly recommend to use this program on the computer but I do not suggest to use this on the iPad or iphone
Not as user friendly as it could be.
I really like google docs because if I don’t have my computer by me I can just open it on my phone. But when it’s on your phone the screen is smaller and it’s hard to know how you  are writing it. I’m saying it just needs more updates but overall it’s a great app.
This is magnificent I can access my documents on all of my devices. They update instantaneous! Editing is available at all times. Ready for that business meeting. Ready for my personal chores to be listed. Keep up the great work. Thanks for being there.
Great document tool!  I have been using Google Docs to compose letters and documents on my cellular phone for a while now and I am impressed at the ease of use and by the amount of features available. 
Google Docs is easy to use, great for saving to Drive and using across all the Google Apps. Has some pretty good functionality for formatting, copy/paste, writing papers and what not. What I miss most is some of the formatting options commonly available in Word, such as hanging indents for bullets and references, justified paragraphs, and some other niceties like that.
This app has saved my life. Whenever it’s 10:30 P.M. and I’m in bed then remember my project due tomorrow, I can always just grab my phone and finish it. I love this app!
I used Google Docs for most of my homework and I got amazing grades! I highly recommend Google Docs for all ages.  There were only some annoying perks like I had to download Google Drive for it to work 🙁. But overall, great job! 
Very effective tool for my practice -we use daily!!
I use google docs for school and planning and it keeps me very organized and i can create folders for related documents.
I enjoy being able to do so much for my books. I save several docs here that I’m able to use daily.
I adore Google Docs. As Editor in Chief of a large company, my absolute favorite feature is the “suggestions”. I want people to see the changes I’ve made before publishing so that they can see a before and after view of their document. It would be so convenient to do quick edits on my iPad, but anything beyond reading and directly changing a document is incredibly inconvenient. I would love to see the app function more like the Docs site.
Can’t find search and replace. Actually I can’t search at all. Never works
I’ve been using google docs for years now and it’s amazing. Easy to use for writing, never really used it for pictures or presentations.
I love this app
I’ve been using Google Docs on my iPad Pro for quite some time now.  It is now my go to word processing program.  I write long emails in Docs before copying and pasting into the email.  It’s flexibility, performance, and features meet all of my needs for writing. Quick and easy is the appropriate term.  Thank you for the quality program ..... FOR FREE!
Couldn’t do my job without this!!! Thanks so much!
I love how much this is a great app. I am writing a book along with editing a book for my brother. For me, it’s very easy to use and my friends also like. This is why Google Docs is a great app. Keep up the good work Google!
i don’t have anything to say but this app is amazing like wow imma cry this is so good recommend.
I have used google docs for all of my school work. It is awesome. So helpful.
It is so easy to use on my phone, tablet or computer  It saves automatically.   It is easily to correct.  I do not leave home without it. 
When I’m using this every thing just doesn’t work.I cannot go down a line. It’s just frustrating.
It’s amazing, I gotta say it’s useful in so many ways. If this is seen, Good Job-Much Credit. Do More!
I am a teacher and I use this app multiple times everyday, not only for my profession but also my personal life. I love how you can create links to other Google files (docs, sheets, etc.). So convenient. Hard to imagine how Google can improve this app. Can’t wait to see what they come up with next! 5 STARS with no hesitation.
Love the simplicity and functionality set. Much easier to use than 365.
Really simple and easy to use
Simple, easy to use, seamless use with other google apps, and I love it. 😊  (Had it for years) 
I probably need more training on it but I find editing very limiting.
Whenever I get sent a google doc link on fb messenger (iOS app), it brings me to a window instead of going directly to my google docs app. It says: get the app as a button but I already have the app and when I tap on it, it just goes to the apple store. I want a “open in docs” button. It is pretty inconvenient... not sure if this is on messengers end or google doc’s, but it’s something I’ve been wanting to bring up for awhile now that people are relying on tablets and phones to work on hmk now.
I am so glad they released a mobile version of this app.
Used to here best until they disabled the passcode lock. Now it looks like a mere notepad. I'm out!!! I used to rate the 5 star but not not even a half a star will come from me. 😡
This is awesome I can do my school work from home!
I love that I can use Docs across devices. My iPad, my MacBook and my android phone. I no longer need a flash drive because I can access documents anywhere.  If I need to grade an essay I can make comments similar to Microsoft Word.  For me, works great! I seldom give 5stars so 4 is the highest I’ll go.
Very intuitive. Functional, useful.
All my work is done in Docs / Sheet / Slides.
This app is pretty useful as a word processor on the go. I only use this for now add song lyrics but there are plenty more things I can use this for such adding cookbook recipes and quickly print using my phone.
Wonderful tool for collaboration and facilitating distance learning.
Simple, intuitive interface that provides basic formatting options without cluttering the screen. Sync works reliably.
My school uses this app a lot and I have it and is a useful app
works with ease, all the edit perks for a bonus. saves in pdf or word and works offline! loving it to write my third novel on my ipad pro i carry with me. bravo
For note taking and quick references to bookmarks.
I use it very often!
Amazing you should get it if you want to be an efficient contributor to shared documents or if you'd like to keep your documents synced on multiple devices that you use most frequently. Has all of the features that you need even for heavy doc editing.
Great app for use with a regular computer. Needs a lot of work and improvements for use with iPad
It allows me to separate the folders in the different folder types they are in. It’s very convenient and very organized which I really love. I no longer use my laptop anymore and am always on my phone and I find it comes in very handy when you can’t just put it in your notes. I would recommend this to a friend.
The applications made from google to android and iOS are useful such as google docs and drive but it is very tedious to go back and forth and have multiple apps.
Sometimes it’s hard to find certain buttons or figure out how it sorts things, but it’s an incredibly helpful app. I’m a content creator for an online magazine and it’s great to be able to type up an article on my phone and easily access it from my computer for submitting. Love what Google does and thankful for such a useful app (even if it is a little difficult to navigate)
Perfect for when you are away from your computer and you want to add something to your work
PDF support needed
There are a lot of easy ways to make essays for school, or if I’m simply writing for the fun of it. I can easily access different tools that make the experience worth while. From being able to add page numbers (that continues throughout how ever many pages) to page breaks (which I use if I want to make a title page.) I truly adore this app and I happily gave it 5 Stars.
🙌🏻💛
This app is so good for school. But I have to go. I need to finish my current Events. It asked me to rate it and I said yes... BYE
It lets me work on homework when I need to. Good for what it offers.
I always recommend this app to people when they are having problems with their app.
It works well and it saves automatically, I use it for everything, from homework to typing letters, I really do recommend this app to anyone who is sick of getting their documents erased while using Microsoft Word.
Most powerful tool in my studies
The Google Doc app is always there when I need it.  What would it be nice is if it supported Grammarly. Hopefully that will become possible in the future. 
I actually hate Apple they block my card and Apple ID FOR GIVING THEM MONEY on an app and I can’t even download or update apps I need for school I have to go to the store now and talk to one of many of there degenerate workers who will probably not even know what to do either. Ps Apple is retarded
I was a little made that them made me get a different app for every part of google drive. I can tell why now. This app is clean and powerful. I have replaces word with it and it has not let me down.
I have found the app to be useful for producing documents across platforms.
It’s everything I need for through and comprehensive notes on my phone.
Write them!
This is a great app that can allow you to edit and share you documents to other people and can be linked to google classroom. This app comes in handy when needing to finish work when you do not have a computer or wifi access. I am very pleased !
Google Docs is the best way to share materials with others remotely. It’s very efficient and simple to use.
I always use this app for school projects I always get an A+  it’s a good way to show your learning on projects.
I had a paper to do and this app let me do it online and offline it’s an amazing app to do your homework or sort anything you need to must download ASAP!!!!!
It’s useful.
This app functions correctly around 30% of the time but the rest its just a laggy mess with a broken/ugly layout that only makes it more infuriating to use. Rip Word
Easier to read , so I don’t have to print papers.
It works great. It is super helpful to use this on my phone for school projects since I don’t have a computer at home. It is very easy to use and I recommend that anyone that needs something like this should get it. 10/10 would smash
Google docs makes it so easy to share docs. Everyone can work together in a final product or just keep editing.  The other great thing is not having to save to have all your edits saved.  How many times I have forgotten to save and my edits were lost.  This just never happens with google docs.  Just so easy.
Very good for a free doc.  It gets choppy some time and makes me wish for some sort of caching and offline option.   But those are minor things.  5 stars! 
This app is so handy when you need to have access to documents anywhere. I do not have to bring a laptop with me, which is really nice. This app works smoothly and is convenient! Perfect for a college student such as me!
Why did you delete MLA format?
I love the formatting tools. Use it everyday. 
If you don’t have this app you are missing out on how easy it is to do assignments and other things.
Thank you
I have always used google docs while in school, but I didn’t know how I could do it on my phone. Now instead of going on the computer I just go on my phone. I remembered a couple days back I had an essay due. I had started it but never finished it, I went to the AppStore and typed in google docs, just to see if it was there, and it was! I logged in and completed my essay. This app is a life saver!
i use google docs all the time for school so i’m familiar with how to use it and things like that, so getting it on my phone has been extremely helpful. i’ve already typed three essays with my thumbs and it goes so much faster! i definitely recommend this app.
Pretty good, just feels a little blocky
I’m on the mobile version here, and I’ve tried to write Chinese on this forever. When I have a document with Chinese on it, the app won’t function. Meaning, I can’t open any documents, more or less not even being able to touch the screen on my phone otherwise the app forces itself to close. I’ve had to reinstall twice already, hoping to see if this works.
Such a good app for school and I would know i use it for school everyday
So great for prayer request easy sharing and printing!
I’ve only been using for a short time, but find Google Docs working for me wonderfully.  I have just lost from 60 to 80+ different docs that I had written with another program of all my bible studies on it.  Plus a number of personal notes on each as well.  Then a good friend introduced me to Google Docs and I am so very pleased so far.  A. Miller 
Start a doc on my phone, add to it on my laptop, view it again on my phone or laptop or any other computer. The beauty of cloud computing!  Impressive how easy it is to create and edit docs on my phone. Lots of word processing features available on the app. 
Constantly have my account filled with Spam files. I delete them and new ones constantly show up! Why can’t I see who is sending these files and block user? Or better yet, report the user too?! Why isn’t there a setting to prevent unwanted files from external users??
Great for looking over docs or jotting down thoughts
This app lets me finish my homework and missing assignments. When I don't have time to do my docs at school I use my this google docs. LOL 👍😏😌😁😅
I use this for school all the time and I can use it pretty much everywhere I go. It is very good
I use this as a convenient place to keep info and like that it's accessible across all my devices, including android and iPad. I also find it great for collaborating with family members for upcoming events. Love it.
I love that I can use google docs on my phone and iPad since I don’t always want to haul my laptop everywhere. There are something that are better when using a computer but over all it’s very easy to use on multiple devices
I’m currently in high school. So there are lots of papers and thing due that must be typed. I love being able to cry an essay in my pocket. The only complaint I have is uploading assignments to the school sight is difficult and took a while to figure out.
I have no idea why everyone isn't using Google Docs. Unless you're a doctor and need incredible security because that's what doctors have to do, you should use google docs. Collaboration, use on any device, ease of use, tons of templates, I am a big fan!
Generally the Google Docs app works pretty well. I only use it for writing and making minor edits to class notes on my phone. But often I find when I’m typing that the screen will jump around. It also doesn’t play nice with Apple’s autocorrect at times. But the accessibility across devices is great. I can be editing or typing on my phone, and immediately switch to my computer and it updates in real time. This is also helpful for class projects, wherein I can be working with a group and we will all edit in real time and work on the same project, whether it’s an essay, brainstorming, or on the other google groups, the Slides app for PowerPoints. My biggest complaint over everything is just that each part of the google drive docket comes as a separate app. Docs is separate from Slides is separate from Spreadsheets is separate from plain ole Google Drive.
First: this app is easily structured, and very easy to use both in a home and school environment. I use this app daily in school and at home, and I am mostly satisfied with it. HOWEVER, there are lots of accessibility flaws with this app.  I use VoiceOver, a screen reader built into iOS, to interact with this app because I cannot see the screen. When I use this app with VoiceOver, there are many bugs which the developer has neglected to fix. Also, there is 1 big bug that caused me to lose parts of my schoolwork.  Flaw 1: typing feedback with VoiceOver. When I delete a character in Google Docs, it says, for example, “A selected”, if I delete an A. Sometimes, VoiceOver just says “Selection Deleted.” When VoiceOver says “Selection Deleted,” I have to guess what i deleted and make sure I don’t overshoot.  Flaw 2: typing feedback when adding people. When I go into the “Add People” dialogue and I start typing in the “Enter Name Or Email Address” Text field, VoiceOver doesn’t read what I type. For example, if I type 1 character, VoiceOver says “ Text field, is editing, Enter Name Or Email Address, character mode, insertion point between e and n at the second position,” or something like that. This is a big problem because I can’t see what I typed and can’t see what I still have to type.  Flaw 3: saving files. Somehow, Google Docs doesn’t always save files automatically. Even though the developers say that it automatically saves as you type, that doesn’t always seem to be true. This bug has cost me almost a whole science assignment and a Language Arts assignment.  In conclusion, this app works very well from the standpoint of design. However, there are lots of bugs that need fixing so that Google Docs can be accessible for all. 
This program is amazing. It easily syncs across my devices and I love being able to work in a document at the same time as a colleague for collaboration purposes. I use it for everything from writing blog posts to annotating and highlighting assigned readings. Paired with the Google Drive app it’s incredible. I wish they’d of had this during my undergrad. Thanks google. Please keep investing in this software.
Eh it's pretty good I guess
Well done app as Google is known to do.
The app is basically a replica of the online version, it is easy to adapt to. Useful for on the go when you need to finish an assignment but can’t get to a computer in time would almost recommend it over the desktop version!
I am working on one of my biggest projects ever and from typing my own documents to sharing them with others google docs always has my back!
It's an ight app baud
Was typing then all of sudden the font was white, when I got out the words where black. Tried to go back in now all of my documents show white fonts.
Google does everything right
I love Google Docs. I use it for all of my committee work to share drafts. So convenient.
I have used google docs in my former PC days and now on my Mac. That it is also available on my iPhone-so much the better. I not only store and add to docs in the cloud but also share the docs with specified contacts.
I’ve been using this app for all my schoolwork in the past couple of years. It offers a ton of different things you can use to write papers. I also really like Google forms, slides and sheets.
It works pretty good it annoys me sometimes when I’m trying to click something and sometimes it crashes or it just won’t click
Makes my job so much easier. work across platform and sharing with others is such a breeze. Google is so impressive
Docs have been super convenient and I’m grateful. Keep those updates rolling in, por favor! 🙏🏾
When I went back to school two years ago and attempted to write my assignments using Word and it was awful. My teenage sister in high school was the one who told me about Google Docs and it was the greatest thing she’s ever shared with me!  It’s so easy to use and I now use it for everything school and work related.  I highly recommend it for anyone needing a program to write any type of document.
Amazing let’s me do my work
I've been a Drive/Docs user since beta - It just keeps getting better. Collaboration has never been easier.
Have loved this platform for many years now.
Love google docs. I am a full time student, mother of 4 and business owner.  I love the flexibly to enter information from my laptop, computer lab at school or my iPhone.  Amazing!!
I like this app, but maaaaaan, the highlighting issue is making my work take twice as long. The highlighting only works for a bit and then just stops using the color selected. I keep having to close out the app to start where I left off.   Please help! 
every time i copy and paste or select words it freezes or doesnt work.
I am collabing a story with 4 other people and another friend as an editor. This is a great app because you can work on a document with another person at the same time. Great job google! You are the best.
Google Docs is one of the best tools for personal and business productivity.  If it weren’t for Docs then nothing would be remotely organized.    Great job on this Google. Now, don’t discontinue it, change the name or anything that would take the function away.  Remember, if it isn’t broken then don’t fix it! 
I’m a songwriter and I work from Google Docs. It is excellent. It does everything I want and more. Bravo, Google! Sure your blatant and (in my opinion) illegal refusal to enforce basic copyright protection on YouTube is choking the life out of songwriters, but this app is excellent!
The application itself generally speaking is easy to use and is rather interactive.  There are some improvements that could be made to make it even simpler such as updating documents that you already have with in the drive.  Overall I would recommend. 
I’ve used this app for school and other things. It’s held all of my papers and important documents. One complaint I have is when you edit projects on your phone, the typing is very tedious and difficult. It’s very hard to edit papers on the iPhone but effortless on a computer. Would recommend to colleagues and students seeking a good editorial app. Love this app.
I like the app, but I wish it was formatted as it was on the computer. It’s kind of frustrating to type on a phone in general, but even more so when the laptop and phone formats are different. But overall, it’s pretty good. I would recommend it. It’s great for when you need to finish an assignment in the go.
I was looking for a quick way to write up docs. Without having to haul out the laptop and the big program for a simple doc.  This program is great, I open it on my iPhone type the doc out, send it to my printer and it's done!!!! Simple and easy.  Has options for text sizes, color, bold, cross outs, paragraphs. And more.  Everything you would want on a reg. Docs program.
I’ve been using Google Docs for what feels like forever. It has been a staple in my business life.   For one, you don’t have to purchase it like Microsoft Word. Two, it saves automatically. You never have to worry if you forgot to save it or it won’t be updated if something goes wrong.  Third, you can share it with others to view, comment and collaborate. The edits that are made can be seen in real time or you can review at a later time.   You can access the documents on any device.  Google Docs has been such a big part of my life and it is not going anywhere any time soon. I highly recommend you give it a try. 
Even though it may takes some time you have to go to the hps launchpad and press the google drive app on the hps launchpadto see your google accounts email and then it does your password automatically
I recommend Google Docs to anyone. It’s an app that takes up less space than Microsoft Word and it’s easier to navigate. I like that it auto saves everything. It has made creating documents a lot simpler. It doesn’t have all of the features of Word, but it works just as well. Very user friendly! I recommend Docs to anyone; anything Google related for that matter.
My mom took her phone back just to use this dumb app I was on mucsualy and getting 10 new fansD:< I so mad rich now
I cannot count how many times this app has saved me! I can pull up documents, edit them, and know that my edits are automatically saved!  I do not use jump drives any more! So convenient! I’ve downloaded slides as well for my presentations.  I also can run my presentation straight from the app if necessary!  😍 
It's great for writing anywhere! For professional writers who want to be able to update their document anywhere at anytime when inspiration strikes this is really good. Or if you get stuck waiting somewhere you can pull up your phone and start working on an assignment. The only things I wish they would improve is the touchy backspace feature (if you hold it down for a few seconds suddenly half a page is gone), and the fact that the chat feature is not available when working on a doc with someone else when using this app. But those are just kind of minor things. Overall very pleased. Have been using this for years and I continue to use it.
Much better and stable version. If I could find now a decent screenplay template to work with it
Good for school work🤩🤓👍👍👍✅
Just Awesome
All though I wish this could just be on the internet for the phone. This app has really helped me finish papers on time on my phone when I don’t have access to a computer.
I have fallen in love with this app!!! It helps for easy sharing and editing with group projects. I have edit documents from my phone. Being in nursing is time consuming so while I try and have a social life I don’t have to neglect my work.
I just wanna use the review section to rant about how much I have google docs and that I always end up having to use it for school. It’s so confusing, I’m used to Microsoft word and it’s so much easier. Google docs doesn’t have all of the options showing at once and I don’t know how to find them.
The iPad version is terrible and sometime I use my iPad because I didn’t bring my gaming laptop. But the pc version is good
Very user friendly, everything in one place.  Thank You Google,  Glenn 
Amazing app. Excellent quality!
Google docs is so helpful in getting my homework assignments done in time. Thank you so much!
For some reason now all my phone or iPad does is freeze or crash whenever I try to edit a google document. I’m struggling to get any of my work done as well because I have to do a lot of turning paper to digital so I have to use the microphone to enter text fast and when I do it, it puts everything down twice every time.
This app is the best.  You can do about anything you need to do in editing and sharing....I cannot think of a thing I cannot do once I am in the editing phase of the app....5 stars for sure
I got this for my son’s iPad to do schoolwork on. So far it has worked great. He says it’s awesome!  I was excited that I didn’t have to pay for a monthly subscription for Word.
Thank you google for making such a useful version of Drive on the go. Perfect for referencing and editing docs in the go.
It’s a great app!!
Ultimate app! Irreplaceable! Wouldn't want to live without!  From my pc, laptop, Android tablet, iPhone or iPad, my docs are always with me! Forgot to bring my med list to doctors, so I shared the doc with the doctors office. They opened it up and printed it without a glitch. I keep my med list and history, stuff for my sons Cub scouts den, recipes I like, and much more. I love being able to import and export across other apps, too! Need I say more??? 
Google Docs is the easiest and most accessible application for document creation, sharing and editing. It is platform agnostic, auto-saves and is constantly being improved.
Works perfectly
It’s alright
This app helps me out so much, and it’s so easy and compatible, that i can get things done so quick. Google really did a good job and I recommend it to any students out there just like me.
I use docs for all of my essay lists and important letters
It’s great for keeping things organized
I like it because I can type anywhere with the app and it’s free and good for work
Used it for the first time, and thought the program was very good. Not all aspects of the program are very intuitive, but if you persevere you’ll “get it”. Just takes time and patience.
Works amazingly well. And for this to be free, it’s unbelievable. Google does what no one can.
Amazing for anything. GREAT JOB!!!!!!
Good app for school
First time using this with my marketing guy. It's made everything become much more organized and easy to work together from different locations.
Great app
You can do your work and homework or anything really. No need to get your computer out if your on your phone. It is more relaxing and I give it 5 stars and I want to thank google for what they have done for us.
I have an iPad Pro and I copy new files and do a lot of saving under different names and such and its is very glitchy. won’t always open the correct file. I will click on one file and a different file will open or it wont save correctly.
I use doc all the time for homework and jazz and luv it! Really easy to use! I totally recommend this app!👍
google docs is such a good app and i’m so pleased with it and if your in school it helps keep you organized and everything
I love this app. When my laptop isn't available, I use my iPad and Blutooth keyboard to type stuff for school. I love it.
I love the ease of use that google docs provides. It's great being able to access it online via a variety of devices. Spell check could use some work, with regards to offering better suggestions to a mis-spelled word. Very happy with it!
I like this app because you could easily do anything that you would on a desktop version. In my option I like using this app better cause I type way faster with my phone and I don’t have to worry about sitting at a computer for so long when I could just be in my bed typing away... I really recommend this app
This Google docs app has helped me extensively in my studies and help me work away from a laptop and get work done in many ways I didn’t have access to before.  10 out of 10! LOVE THIS APP!!!!!
Love using google docs on my phone. I’m able to work on the go and save the document to work on at a later time. Easier to find and open documents on Google drive. Great productivity tool!
I love using Google Docs for my phone! It makes me able to edit my schoolwork off of Google Classroom and is easily able to access when I need to complete something! This app is fantastic and efficient.
Great app-never had any problems with Google Docs and it’s great for school!
Overall it works fantastically. I have nothing else to say but I recommend it
Yay
This is a great app for productivity, it’s an essential app to use
Just perfection
You speak and the app types ✌🏻
ျူ
Every time the app is decent, the creators have to add a single feature that no one else is going to use, and creates a host if issues, I can't highlight a single line of text, it keeps highlighting 2 or more lines, or highlights a single letter, and I can't expand it. Googles terrible, use Microsoft
I am very tired and with my friend! This app is very good and we can share ideas
Love drive..always at finger tip via phone, tablet or laptop.  All syncs. If in store can look at recipes.  Love it
It makes life much easier.no words
I don’t have a PC to work with so I do all my work from an iPhone. Google docs helps me look like I know what I’m doing when I have to share a document.
Nice
Its a very convenient word processor
This is all I need, bye, bye Microsoft Word. Works great, thanks
Microsoft has become an app vending machine that charges a subscription to use it’s products in editing format. I like Microsoft Word but not enough to pay for a monthly subscription to it’s IOS application. So, I decided to try out Google Docs app and boy was I pleasantly surprised. This application has most of the functionality of Microsoft’s Word and it is a top performing word processing application. I am glad I switch from Word and happy with the features and functionality available with Google Docs. And the good news is you can save documents in all types of formats, including Microsoft Word.  I highly recommend Google Docs for those looking for a competent word processing app that is free and functional. 
Works super well for me as I needed a more effective spell checker than the old Apple Notes App.
Google docs is excellent. I can work on documents from my phone with the app anywhere at anytime! Simply the best. Unlike Microsoft Word, I don’t have to worry about older documents getting outdated and losing information if it has been a year or so since a document was last opened.
I find Google Docs, and the other apps in the Google productivity suite to be great for what I need to do.  I don’t write fancy brochures, so Google Docs does what I need it to do.  The only thing I wish I could do is create templates and change the defaults for things like font, size, etc.  Maybe there is a way to do that, but I have not found it, but it is not a huge issue.
No two ways about it, this should be an "essential".  Best way to access documents across platforms and free with Word-like editing. I used Evernote but I eventually dropped it because this was easier to use and easy to search.
This is one coolest app. This always help me in school and at home too. I love making stories there. It is really helpful. Google docs is the best app ever and help us at home, school, at the store, and tutoring too.
While it could be better in some areas it really is highly functional and for free it is great. It’s all we have any way.
The site always lags, and I can’t add pictures
Works well
I like to eat potatoes 🥔🤫 my name is Ronald Richard 10yrs old 860945332153 Ballard Red California USA     I will always be there when u fall             -ground- 
App works great for sharing documents. Love being able to add and delete from a document wherever.
I LOVE Google and all of its apps! So easy to use, resourceful, and beneficial! I don't know how I managed without it!   Pam Hanner 
I use Google Docs not just on my laptop but also on my iPad and iPhone.  I’m a songwriter and Google Docs is great for Co-writing as most all of my co-writers live too far away to write in person!
I love google docs because it just works. Everything is synced across all my devices and I can edit on any device anytime I want. I can share docs with anyone anytime.
Great for school work. This is better then pen and paper.
ITS GREAT ITS GREAT ITS GREAT!
Amazing I love it u should get it!!
I use Docs in nearly every place I go and at any time. The convenience of editing and creating work that can be shared instantaneously is critical for a steady workflow.
Glad to have it on my iPhone
Some hacked my account December 2017 and google keep it secured
The app is awesome especially on mobile!
Some additional graphic formatting support would be nice. I’m a teach and have been using google docs for 5 years. Excellent platform.
Make a way to indent a single line!!!
Please bring back open in others apps option!!!!
It’s amazing. I love it so much because I’ve used this app so much it’s just so nice!
Google docs is such an amazing way to keep your documents nice and organized! Although I do prefer the computer one because 1 there’s a bigger screen and it’s easier to get around and 2 I can type much faster and it keeps my spelling in check. If you love writing papers and just journaling in general I think this is an AMAZING app for you!
The mobile docs app is incredibly efficient, but it doesn’t have some things 5hat 8 love about the computer version. For example, there is no tab button on the mobile app, and if you wrote two pages it would seem as if you’d only written one. I would definitely recommend the app, but I prefer the computer one.
At my school this is all we use along with google class room it has lots of storage and is easy to keep organized
For the most part this app runs very smoothly and you shouldn't have many problems with it. It's very convenient for me during school to be able to type important papers out when I do not have access to a laptop. Also very helpful when I am at home and need to quickly print a paper without having to hassle with starting up my laptop and waiting for everything to load.
I’m using google docs on my iPhone to take notes for a new job. I love I have access to my work notes anywhere I have a connected device!
I love using Google Docs for pretty much everything I do, so having this free app is great. Also I want them to stop telling me to rate the app. I’ve rated the app now. You do you, and I’ll do me.
I was taking online classes and my computer broke on me. I didn’t like using my tablet because it was too slow. I downloaded this app on my phone and it is so convenient! I’m always on my phone anyways. It’s good for offline so I finished a lot of my papers on here.
I love being able to share one document with the whole team.  It keeps us connected and able to focus on the same problem and project.  Thanks Google but please don’t use my data against me.
I use google docs both personally and in running my business. It is a great, free option that provides all the benefits that Microsoft word and Evernote try to get you to pay for.
I’ve used this for years and appreciate the simple way it helps me handle docs.  I think it was one of the first and I’ve always appreciated the google approach to open shareware.
I really like to use docs, it's one of my three platforms of writing up my documents. It is really trustable as you can access it from anywhere and the edits will be uploaded automatically. The only thing I'm not satisfied with is that it's missing a tab button to start of my paragraphs so I would have to do that on my computer. And also, I can't add sub bullets  on mobile devices. 
It is very helpful to access information from anywhere!!!
A friend and I just started a small business and google docs has been invaluable for us to collaborate on getting it off the ground. I can’t believe this is free
I love this app because it is easy to use and print and save.  It’s transferable to all platforms and makes life easy
This app helps me greatly in school
This app was great, get it ..........TODAY!!!!!!!
Works pretty great and is super helpful, especially with the talk to text function on the phone.
Great tool for keeping and sharing docs on your phone.
Love all the unique features ten times better then word documents!
Google documents could have better organization. But I just use google drive to navigate and the docs app to edit things so it works out
Remember there was once a tech company with that motto? Well it seems Google picked up the mantle.  Offers the most comprehensive set of features possible across mobile and web platforms, while maintaining a simple and intuitive user experience. I much prefer using Google Docs & Sheets to Word and Excel, which have been ribbonized to a jumbled death by years of "redesigns". And it's virtually free except for the small price of sharing all my documents with the NSA. 
This is amazing it Epps me on my projects everything
yeaaaaah👌👌
This app has been more helpful than I could have imagined.  My only issue is that when you transfer a file to pc using word the margins are off, some of the characters are wrong & I have to make several changes, but overall a great time saver. 
C'est bon
I mean like it works fine duh by it needs like you know like you know like I don’t know like you know something idk really but I guess it’s fine my mom forced me to write a review on every app ever made so yah I guess she’s weird
Easy to use. Has just what I needed
I am in middle school and I use this evry day it is SUPER useful soooooo yay😁
Es muy buena y sería aún mejor si Uds, solicitaran: Por Favor ,,, opine, denos su opinión y de una reseña !! Tal vez con amabilidad se logre mejores resultados !!
It’s simple,clean, intuitive yet feature rich. This is now my go to instead of the notes app
I greatly enjoy having access to everything anywhere. I do wish it had a lot more tools and was a better competitor to something like Word, but it serves my general purposes very well. Having everything google offers so easily and free is really amazing.
This document manager is fantastic and doesn’t dump and erase content.  Very nice task bar features which are accessible and usable.
I have to use Google Docs for school, it is very easy to use and it saves all of my work so I don’t have to save it. This is the best paper writing app I have used so far yet!
I absolutely love this program after I learned how to utilize it. YouTube helped with that.
🤙🏽
I love being  able to use it and it's free and easy
It does what it says it does, and it’s efficient, but it’s quite slow.
As a daily writer in various formats I finally found use of the power and convenience of utilizing this app across various devices. It’s so neat, considering I can add, edit and create documents that can be accessed across all your devices regardless of your operating system, iPhone, Android, PC and Mac. It’s not Final Draft, it is however the most used app I use on all my platforms. For Scriptwriting I suggest Final Draft, for everything else this does it right and very simple to setup and use. Waldo Warshaw
I really like Docs because it automatically saves your writing   I also like the add ons and the fact that it’s free.
I’m currently writing a book. I would have done it on my laptop but I knew I would be on the move a lot in the next couple months and wouldn’t want to bring my laptop everywhere to write. I got this because I needed it for school but started writing my book in it. It’s useful for me cause when I’m on the go I can write it on my phone. And when I get home I can use my laptop and whatever I did on my phone is there.
Great application to use across a number of computers, tablets, etc. Easy to track files that have been used recently.
It's convenient to be able to access my online files on my phone
Great to work with, easy, and i like the fact that things save on its own.
Great and easy app to use. This with Google Drive is an amazing collaboration tool. For free!
I use it daily in my personal & professional lives. I love the current tools and how it promotes team efforts. I hope it develops into a more professional tool for professional academic writing. Very stable and predictable on all platforms in my experience.
I love that it has a separate cloud or AI
It helps me do my work when I'm in bed and it's just amazing
Like I said it’s pretty good for everything.👌🤘
Awesome and simple layouts, very useful templates.
This app is very reliable and I recommend it
Great work with the app! Just wanted to shed some opinions on what needs to be fixed and what could be added.  There needs to be more performance support for older phones (pre-Iphone 6S). Although the updates have made this better, I have an Iphone 6 and it still lags quite a bit as the documents size increases.  Could you add the ability to create Diagrams and Vector Drawings. Just like on the PC version, there is a way to insert Google Drawings that you can create, such as diagrams. Though, there is none of that on the IOS version. If you could add that feature or even add an app on its own where you can do that and then import into Google Docs that’d be perfection!  Cheers! 
This is a great app to use to access files on the go
My school introduced me to this app, all online writing we do is through this. I have used many of the previous writing software, like Pages, or Word, but this is, by far, the easiest and most efficient one I have tried. I have no complaints about it or related to it.
I have an iPad and really love the ease of using this app.
I find it handy for writing on the mobile and using on the PC.   Simple.    A good place to store information that I use the printer for on the P.C.. 
It’s a great idea, but switching accounts was very hard to do. Could have asked when app first opened.
This is my primary note taking app. I use it for school, work, and as a sort-of commonplace journal. Best part, hands down, is the fluid integration between devices. Besides that though, the mobile version is very limited – especially as far as alignment goes. Good in general.
I love google docs! It is a great app that I can use on my iPhone instead of my computer. I can type essays, right notes, and learn more. I feel like there is something new to learn on google docs each day, it is definetly a 5 star rating.
I love this app. I found this app through my mom, surprisingly. I first used the computer version, so I have some comparisons. One thing they should add, showing us if we went off the page. I want to write a small book for my friend. I want it to be at least 10 pages long, but, I have to check the page set up every time I want to go to the next page. One more down size is the copy and paste. It is pretty hard to do that on mobile. Overall, I think it’s great! Just needs a few adjustments!
I really love this app and have basically no problems with it. But I do wish that you could make it a bit more like the website, seeing as I can’t go to it online on my phone. My biggest one is for you to one day add in the color scroller thing (sorry, I don’t know what people call it) so you can have custom colors. If you added that in, I’d be so happy! Still an amazing app for when you don’t have access to a computer!
Prefer on the pc but a solid cross platform cloud based editor.
Awesome
I have hade no problem using this app and I highly recommend it to everyone who loves to write I use it a lot and I love ❤️ there layout I find a little hard to get used to it but it took me a day to get used to so if your having trouble find some YouTube videos to help you bye 👋 hope you get the app.
The app itself is pretty good! I like it and I like to use it for writing my stories and such, but it never gives me the option to indent my text like it does on a computer, and I have to copy text from pre-formatted docs to get the formatting into a new document. It’s very hard and frustrating.   When I went to use my browser to see if maybe it’s just the app, I find out that I can’t use the website on my iPad, I’m forced to use the app.   I wish Google would allow people to use the websites on mobile devices instead of the apps, but I doubt it’ll happen anytime soon.   I do enjoy google docs, and I will continue to use it, but they could definitely makes some improvements! 
I have a YouTube channel that I share with my best friend. She's more of a visual person so I wondered, how can I show her how to do this without actually sitting down and showing her how to do this. I then found Google docs. I can now easily type up a list and add pictures to show her how to do YouTube. It's made my life and her life easier. Love it!
It works great on my phone and I can make changes easily.
Works as expected.  Makes it that much easier to access and share docs on the go. 
I’ve been writing a book and I use a number of different devices. Sometimes the chapters will get jumbled up and go to the previous pages. But it’s really good, thank you.
I have been using this for quite a long time.. it’s really useful.
Love the app, just have more of the desktop features on it!
Excellent work Google! I’ve found this to be an effective way to make stories, collaborate, and move to Drive. Keep up the excellencies!
I have used the docs app for quite awhile and google dis I’ve/docs on a laptop for longer.  I have tried other services that boast similar functionality but this one is truly the premier option.  The sharing feature alone makes it stand out.  I wish docs had a history feature and showed when and who changed what in a shared document, but otherwise a great offering.
I love using this on my iPad.
Google docs is the best. This app is very useful because lately my laptop keeps on getting viruses. It is easy to use just like the website!
My chrome book died and I needed to do my school work but luckily for me this app was available and it’s just simply so great, truly a magical app 😩😩
Very helpful easy controls...so many fonts.
Hey I love the app. I really do. It’s probably one of my most used apps on my phone. But I have a slight problem.  I think the most recent update. But my Docs app closes too often/ soon. I tend to use the app and then switch to reply to a message or post something. It’s a pretty quick transaction. And then when I come back to docs I\'m taking out onto the main screen. It’s honestly very annoying. The time it takes to load the page I was just on is longer too. And it happens EVERY TIME I leave. Is there a way to fix this? There was a time when it would stay exactly where I was after being inactive for hours! And now it leaves in a matter of seconds. Please change this. I’d like to be able to use other features on my phone while still being able to get back to my docs in a timely manner. 
Google docs is very easy to use and allows you to have full editing power over word documents. You can print documents straight from your phone which is often very useful.
The online version is better, but the iPad version works well. It is nice to be able to edit offline.
I write a lot of short novels and when I get an spark of creativity, it’s great to have quick access to Google Docs right at my finger tips. I prefer this app to Apple’s own Pages but the only caveat is that the app will slow down and freeze on documents that are more than 150 pages in length.   I do not know if this is a limitation of the phone/tablet or the app itself but the lag and freezing is the reason why I can only give this app four stars. Other than that, it’s great. 
It’s a good app and I find it easy to write stories and reports on it.🙂
Teacher and love the ease and convenience of an app that truly works!
This program is perfect if you don't have Microsoft Word.
They asked me to review it so here I am doing so
i recently began to write poetry and this is the perfect app to store it in :)
Awesome app! Maybe even better than on the computer!
This is the best app to get to write school work! You are able to write a document with out all the tassel of saving it, it automatically saves! All you need is an email address and a password then you’re in! This is the app!
G docs is super super helpful.  I use my personal computer when I need to write something. A letter or whatever it is, I just type it up and good to go. Also very useful on the phone! Super useful. I type anything I need from to do lists to poetry. 
I use this all the time! At school and at home. I’ve used this on my laptop, my phone, and my tablet. This is a great way to keep all your documents together without having to carry flash drives everywhere.  There’s also the option of making the document available offline. For me that is amazing! I can access the document without WiFi. 
Its helpful if you have a bad computer that would not operate and have to use the app on emergency basis. But I love to have the app on my phone bc its convenient.
Struggling to understand why there's no function for viewing saved history yet. I fall asleep writing, delete my entire chapter, and wake up to a blank doc. My computer is not at home, so I have to navigate my way through the websites on my phone with "Request desktop site" to retrieve my work. Once that's added the app will be perfect.   ALSO: the passcode feature has been removed. Even just having the TouchID as a second barrier would be nice. I enjoyed leaving my phone unattended unlocked, and knew I wouldn’t have curious family and friends snooping into my stories while I was gone. I’m not sure *why* it was removed given it probably took more effort to remove it and add that pop up warning window, but it’d be nice if it was re-added or an alternative was offered. 
Google Docs is a very good app for collaborative projects and homework. My only problem with it is that picture formatting is a little difficult. But, other than that, a great app.
👍🏼 love this app
I use google docs a ton, and it works great for my needs!
Awesome app, thanks
How does one properly set up an ebook for a children's Chapter ebook for KDP so one does not have to find all their hard work and time all messed up like I had been getting using another writing and creating kids' ebook?
I love it. A great way to share and view/edit all kinds of documents. An awesome tool for collaboration!!
Easily and pleasantly adapts to the iPhone form factor.
Does everything I need it to do.
The app is great but it needs more documents like a blank word document and worksheets including a blank.. If you add those it’ll be awesome!!
Will not let me sign in through .edu account.
Keeping documents up to date when you are away from you computer is awesome.
Google Docs are a fantastic resource. I just wish I could encrypt them.
Love google docs, especially the offline feature, haven’t seen many bugs, that’s always good, but I wish it would let me scroll to view the whole page rather than just part of it
Great apps, easy to use and reliable. Docs sets the standard for sharing and productivity.
I use this app for school and for fun. I like to write stories all the time. This app is perfect for that!
I constantly edit the same GoogleDoc (a lengthy page) every day, and every time I edit the doc with this app, it crashes. I can go about maybe 8-10 minutes without it crashing, but I will be deleting a word or adding a sentence, etc, only for it to shut down unexpectedly. This may only be a problem with lengthy docs, but it’s annoying enough that I only use the app when absolutely necessary. Much better on the computer. Not sure if this is an iOS compatibility issue. It’s useful that any changes on your phone are reflected on your computer, though!
Google has the best apps in my opinion, thank you for allowing such accessibility at little or no cost. You give power to the little guys with the tools we need.
Perfect for the average student
This is one of the best applications I have use in a very long time.  It is simple, easy to use, and efficient.
Great for productivity.
It’s amazing and extremely practical.
I love how you collaborate with other people, make suggestions, and auto save your work!!!!!!!!
A must have. I would give it a 5 star if there was an option to go straight to a blank doc. Being forced to label a doc before I have created the content doesn’t make sense and ruins the creative flow.
Google always know the best app to develop and how to make people's lives better.
Docs really helps me with my paper work
Excellent I love it perfect and convenient for school and work. I was hoping maybe they can add something like the SmartArt on Microsoft word to make it easier to portray an idea.
I’m a writer, and I love Docs. I use it every day, and it’s one of my go-to apps to jot down quick scenes, notes, and sometimes whole chapters. It could be even better if there was some way to create folders to organize the files, though, because soon it just becomes a running list of documents. Also, I’ve noticed it doesn’t always indent properly when you move to the next line.
I love the ease in the usefulness of it but what I don’t like is trying to send my document to someone who doesn’t have Google account so I have to copy and paste it into word and then send it to them I use it a lot for business and that has been the biggest issue for me. I know Google would like everyone to get on board with using this product but in business that’s just not the case please fix this issue it would make life a lot easier for us business people and not having to switch our copy and paste into Microsoft Word just send a document. Other than that I love Google and I Challenge you to being user friendly with other operating systems. Also would be nice for didn’t have to worry about Wi-Fi connections I travel all over United States sometimes it’s a pain to try to get Wi-Fi connections and passwords everywhere I go. I would love to be able to get with rid of word if you could fix these issues and have more features like they do.
For me, it just WONT work. I click my doc and boom I go into a different doc! And I CANT GO BACK. don’t download this app.
A decent app for jotting ideas down. For organizing papers/mla format, it bugs out when I check it with my mac. But the problem with using google docs on safari is that it requires you be online! The app on the phone is good for jotting info, now if only one can work on their stuff off the net via the computer app...
Its a really good and efficient app. I go to school and I am in classes that demand essays and reports that are 5, 6, 7, pages long. Having the app on my phone allows me to type and access my papers fast. It has helped me get papers typed in done quickly.
Web based text processors are a pathetic bunch. Google doc is half decent, and therefore in a league of its own. Microsoft has a lightweight Word version, but its unstable and freezes randomly.
I’ve been using Google Docs for years and have found that it meets most of my needs with relative ease.
Love having all my Google products available at the click of a button.
I started using the app to keep up with my docs on the go. It's so much easier to be able access the same document so easily from any device.
This app is useless to me.  It “cannot find my account” using the login info that works everywhere else.  Without the app, I can at least view documents; with it, I am blocked off by the login error.  The only solution I see is uninstalling.
What I like most is that when I make an entry in one document, it instantly is available on all my devices. It allows me to see my entries on whatever device I’m using, whether it’s my iPhone, Galaxy Phone, any of my tablets and computers.  Extremely convenient.  LOVE IT!!
I like this app, it's very useful and help me create documents a lot!
Im a 6th grader and im Fatima alomeiri i use this thing for so much stuff like photos, printing, and writing and all that crap its pretty good
While I can create a new document and type, it won’t allow me to view documents that others share with me or that I create on my desktop versus my iPhone. It’s frustrating because I use it for work. I take session notes and data with docs and it gives me problems.
Easy to use, syncs across devices, I use it all the time
Being a writer, I mostly edit my stories online, and Google Docs is just the perfect document editor. I’ve been using it for almost three years. You can change it to a print style format, similar to that of a book or novel, and there are multiple fonts you can use. If you don’t know how to perform a certain task on there, you can actually read very clear instructions on how to do it. Also, the mobile version works as well as the desktop, and you can go offline for any file in Docs. I definitely reccomnd others who want to use Docs or who are contemplating it.
Google and its apps make life better.  The awesome ability to collaborate on docs, calendars, and gmail make life better.  Thanks Google.
It takes for ever to load.
I am having difficulty opening the document on my Mac Mini. Too many steps needed. I sent the document as a Word Doc and it would not download. Had to convert it to a PDF, then back to a Word Doc. Not good.
Google docs is a fantastic tool for simply writing without the distraction of Pages or Word.
Great for on the go editing!
Easy to use and takes less space as compared to the Word app. I highly recommend it
I’ve used this app so much, plus it’s so useful on the road when I come up with new ideas on the road.
I use it every day on synchronized multiple laptops for quick notes on stocks paying dividends or going exdiv.
I am so grateful this app exists so that I can take all my needed documents anywhere and all I need is an internet connection. My resume, books I am writing and even prayer lists my prayer group can update every evening so we can stay connected. Such a wonderful helper.
This app has literally saved me for writing assignments, group projects, and accessing documents away from home! Ideally, I wish I could see more features like page breaks and print preview, but I really can’t complain about this app at all!! Thank you, Google! 
The app would be perfect if people using an iPad, or another device that isn't a computer, can still participate in chats on google docs.
Fantastic!
Google docs is so good for so many things, but right now I’m disappointed that I can’t find an app that will keep my place. I have a 76 page document to read, and I copied and pasted it from mail to docs so that I could switch back and forth from reading it to writing emails. Who knows how long it takes, but sometimes when I return to read, the home screen has reset to show all my documents. This bugs me. I should be able to pick up in a document where I left off.   I gave 4 stars because the program is an absolute staple and is great for accessing files across devices. I could have given it more like 4.9 stars, but I wanted to express my disappointment. 
Google docs is easy to use on my phone and I can fairly quickly add things to a document while on the run.
I am at multiple locations each week for work and Docs helps me stay organized everywhere I go, including completing my graduate school assignments.
This is indispensable for collaboration and keeping documents that you need to have on any platform at any time, documentation.
Love this app for my small rental business
Easy to use with Google Docs. Use it all the time and love it.
I had no trouble writing a book with this app, but the best part is that I can continue writing my book on anything, including my phone, iPad, and any computer.
I gave up on PAGES.  For years it was great, and then it began to crash every time I used it.  Google Docs took it’s place, and I haven’t looked back.
And that’s all I need.
This is an excellent basic program.  It’s good for collaborative work and for sharing as well as fulfilling most general needs.  Thanks Google!
Discovering Google Docs was like a dream come true. Discovering the app on my iPod was like unearthing a bonus. I love being able to work on my documents away from home.  My only criticism is that I cannot highlight a full sentence to move or format it, and must type it a second time in a new spot, then delete the old one letter by letter. 
Google docs is superb —— I only wish google drive in geenral had a way to encrypt and password protect files- very surprising that they still don’t have it.
The app has gotten clunkier over the years, and at this point quite frankly it's only good for copy/pasting material and easily being able to share it via shared link. It's absolutely useless for actually editing or typing anything.
I only wish there's was a way to insert material, into it , i use this app to create documents and it is great, the only problem is that there is no way to move a frase or text, Bible verse and insert it into the document.  If someone could create a way to allow the user to do that it would be the ideal app. 
Ability to view and update across multiple platforms (iPhone, iPad, work Windows computers & personal MacBook) and to interact with work & family documents is my most used computer task!
Excellent App.
Love using this app
I thought I would have to only use my Chromebook for Google Docs, and it’s not wireless. Now, with my iPhone, I can take my Google Documents everywhere.
The formatting even on desktop is a ongoing frustration, as well as the fact that the app is convenient, but not user friendly.
Great app, easy to use, easy to share docs, works well on all platforms
I'm happy--just wish there were an easier way to share files.
My husband and I use the app to share and edit documents conveniently- also a great tool to use with classmates in school
It's great for on the go and when you don't have a computer in your reach it's so helpful
I'm writing my book here and it's perfect to for both my phone and computer. The auto-save makes it so I never lose any work. I can easily open the app and choose which friends to read, comment or edit and they can see whenever I make an update. Honest to God, this is the best writing app on the App Store. Recommend it for anyone, novelist or not.
Love these programs. As a student, business professional and everyday life, these programs are great tools! Highly recommend.
As a student, I don’t always have access to a computer to do my work. But this app helps me do my work anywhere I go. It’s so easy to use and it’s been really helpful since I downloaded this
i love using docs. it helped me with my senior thesis and other assignments. i was able to work from my phone or any computer with out worrying about having a jump drive or anything else. it was always easy to access, and it’s easy to convert it to other file types that makes it even better. i always recommend this app to others.
So I can write stuff and whatever. But I have one issue.    LET ME HAVE A DIFFERENT HEADER/FOOTER ON EVERY PAGE!   REALLY, LIKE ITS NOT THAT HARD TO DO 
Defines usefulness
This was greatest thing i use it for almost everything  And it has so many useful features , but i do think the background colour should be able  change from white 
Frankly google docs is to be said simply a life saver. Even in my darkest moments of non existent motivation google docs was there for me. So, thank you google, you’ve been with me every step of the way and truly I wouldn’t be here without you.
I honestly LOVE Google Docs and I TOTALLY recommend it! I use it to keep notes but mostly....WRITE BOOKS AND STORIES!!! (And documentaries) But I definitely recommend and suggest that you get it because you won’t regret it!
I love the app and the templates
This helps me with my essays at school and it is really good. Now me and my friend can write stories.
Docs is amazing and easy to use. Bye.
Used it for the first time when I had to respond to an emergency work request while on vacation in the Caribbean. It saved me! Thumbs up.
I love google docs and it works perfectly on my iPod. I just don’t like how a lot of the buttons and settings are missing and it takes forever to find how to use them. I understand this is because of the small screen but
This app is very easy to use, but it’s one of the the glitches apps I’ve ever used. The keyboard is extremely slow and when I click somewhere else it takes a couple seconds for it to work. No other app is like this on my iPad except for Google Slides and it’s not just me who thinks this. In one of my classes we my friends and I were talking about it and we all had the same glitchy problem with the app. I’ve waiting for multiple updates but they never fixed the problem. Besides that problem I like the app and find it easy to use.
I love it but only four stars b/c not available for other divices
There's no way to exit comments when I enter. Help.
I run my business on it. I can get to everything anywhere. Sharing docs works great too. And the good news continues even after all this time. I’ve been using it for years and it’s easy I am reliable and I use it on my phone it’s just great I recommend it to anybody trying to do basic documents of any sort.
Are use Google docs in both of my jobs as well as in my every day life. It’s great that I can edit on the go and his edits take place both on my desktop on my mobile device. I especially like that I can tag people in the dark and edit with them effortlessly.
Google Docs is amazing and very reliable. I have to use it for school constantly and it's nice to know that your work will be auto saved Incase you forget. I also like the feature where you can work on it offline. Also that if you use on a computer that it will automatically synced to your phone in case you need to leave the room. Google docs is a amazing tool. Very useful.
My school works through google docs and I have never had any troubles. Always always use google docs. On a computer, chrome book, or phone it all works and keeps my papers organized.
Yerp I’m a derp.  A little yerpy, but I have a personality that is derpy! Yay I made my own song! 🤪
I use it constantly. In love!
It’s good
I have used gooogle for about 5 days and thinc ghat is will take over world by storm. Louis XIV told me that this would be the greatest invenktions that will walk the earf. I’d like thank my parents for this opporuntity making the coding master. I learned best teacher B corcharan. He taught everything i know about coding. I know how make mine raft blocks code and gold fishes name is Brian c. Than k you for letting me be a smart cow   Amen 
With Google Docs I don’t have to use Word anymore because I can create or modify my documents without paying a subscription fee for Microsoft Office.
I always use Google Docs app. It is easy to use but passcode lock should stay.
Do you want to type stuff into a Google Doc that other people can read later? This is fine. Do you want to edit documents other people have created? This will do it. Want to do that collaboratively while several of you are sitting around a table? Put away your iPad and go get a laptop. This app has significant deficiencies. Suggestions and comments are entirely divorced from their location in the document. Other features are similarly hobbled.  The enormous list of “Recent” documents is useless. Creating a new document doesn’t even put it at the top of the list. That new document goes right at the root of your Drive, by the way, with no option to create it exactly where you want it. The only way to keep things organized is through a long series of taps to move your new document to the desired location. The modal Edit/View interface is enormously frustrating.  I don’t really like using Google Docs on a traditional computer. Using it on an iPad is worse. 
It is helping me to finish my essay at work, on the go, or anywhere else so that I don’t have to wait until I get home to do my work on my laptop
Yay
I need more room to write my book and  don’t have enough  bullet points. To Finnish it in this app
Start a draft on your computer, work with it on your android tablet and them look at it on your iPhone.  Google Docs works on any medium and perfectly.
I love this app so efficient when I need work to be done! It is a very easy way if your computer is a lousy piece of junk like mine!
I’m so in love with Google doc.. thanks guy thanks a lot
this app is trash. it wont let me do anything
Lit
I love google and it's apps, the only thing is that it's a little bit difficult to access the fonts, but that could just be me. Otherwise, it's a 5/5 for this app! It's also good for story writing, for all you creative people out there.
Love it :)
Good for cola or info with friends
Been using MSoffice for years, but have been looking for alternatives. So been slowly testing and switching over to Doc. Been happy with google’s improvements.  It’s worth taking the time to see if it will work for you too.
The whole program works out really well and the fact that you can share it and use it for school, it’s a nice App
It’s alright.....
The app is great for writing but when I type I notice it’s slow and laggy. I have the IPhone 6s+ and it usually doesn’t lag when I type. Like right now when I wrote this review it’s not lagging. But other than that it’s fine 👍🏻
I could not get by without this app. I use it all the time.
I absolutely love the convenience of storage,  compatibility and accessibility from any where.
Lacking of Pepe and Shrek memes, unacceptable.......
I wish it had some other functions that Word has such as more advanced document analysis, but this is a really good app. I love the automatic saving to google drive and easy handoff between devices
Really good app when I’m away from my computer and I need to work guaranteed 5 Star
[disabled person writing this] i’ve been using this app for a little over a year now and i love it! i use it for convenience when i’m too sick to get my laptop out or if i’m laying in bed. there are a few problems, such as holding down the backspace button causes to delete a bunch of stuff when you only meant to delete a few words.  lately the app has been laggy and selecting multiple things with the drag tool has been harder because i have to guess where the end marker will be. 
I use google docs for personal use/random stuff, but I use Google drive and docs/sheets/photos etc all the time. No complaints here :)
Like Microsoft Word but free !
I think that there should be more fonts and google docs should alert you whenever the doc has been changed from another device. But I think that it is a great app and I have had a really good time using it especially cause when it is on my phone since I text so much it helps me because then I get assignments done quicker cause typing on a computer is hard for me.
I love what Google has done here. After my word doc app crashing and not being that great st syncing across devices, I switched to google docs. This app is my go to app for biz docs, teams docs, journaling, and writing articles. Thanks Google.
GREAT in all regards! Only complaint is I wish there was a way to tab/indent. If there is I haven't found it in the many months I have been using this app.
couldn't live without it
If I can navigate and create with this app anyone can. I do not have to waste time on apps that don't work. I do not have time to take a class. I got this👌👌🏼💯 HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!!! 
I've been using Google Doc's for a few years now.  It's grate for creating & accessing your documents from one place.  Makes life easy!  Over all functionality easy to create & edit documents.   As a caveat - I use a NewTrent case/keyboard for my older IPAD.  Makes typing supper easy & it's cheap.  Around $37 on Amazon.  On my new IPAD I use a SNUGG if I remember right it cost around $70 great case/keyboard & easy to use.  I hope this helps!  Love Google Docs.... 
Although I don ‘t use the app to write many documents, I do use it to look up information and respond to emails about its content. It has been very useful.
Great!  So easy to use!  Print & create any document from phone!
I love this app. My friend told me about this app and it's so easy to type my reports last minute. I can type while on my lunch break or during my daily commute.
I am. An author and word was my main tool but then I switched and I loved it although it is a pain to use the onscreen keyboard I just use a Bluetooth external one.
For what it is it’s great - especially just for simple viewing. But when it comes to navigating it for actual doc modifying it feels a little bulky and slow. Simple actions like starring docs feels out of the way and not very “ergonomic”.
I really enjoy an app like this that works on all my devices—Mac, iOS, and Chromebook. With an iPad I use an external keyboard and the combo works quite well with Docs. No complaints whatsoever.
This app is great because if you don't have a computer you can do your homework in your phone and not get it late and not get a 0 in homework
I enjoy using google docs. It makes my life easier from trying to do my homework at school to at home. I just close out of google and it automatically saves it to my drive! Thank You Google! But there still is some problems when trying to edit a photo it’s hard to move it around. 
I have several devices so I appreciate the dependability and versatility of being able to use docs on my phone to jot down a quick note or pulling out my computer to incorporate the note into a more substantial piece of writing. Love it!
I use this in school for school work and homework but sometimes it can have some crashes but a little update will help
Never had any issues with DOCs love it! Simple!
This is a great app !! You can type a report and more get !!!
I love it I just wish it had more options for stuff like fonts and templates. If it has another year to two it could become better than word.
Love it
Very convenient especially with voice recognition
I love the easy access and the ability to share and use with it others.
Been using docs for all sorts of projects and purposes. It’s super convenient and simple to us.
Works well for me.
Esta aplicación me a salvado la vida en más de una ocasión
Bien sûr, une application fantastique pour l’écriture!
Google docs is an easy to use word processing app. For me, using this app on my laptop is easier than on my iPad. For my use, the best feature is being able to save docs to the cloud.
I like it :)
Absolutely love Goggle Docs
It's a little hard to navigate your way through the app, but once you get a hang of it, it becomes easier. I like the feature that you can sync it up with your computer. Very nice 👌🏼
Works to perfection. Never had a problem with it once. Very handy and helpful
Google Docs Ap makes it so easy to access important documents or things I have been working on when I am away from my laptop at home. I love the ease of use!!
great port of google docs to ios
Google Docs is great.thing is I didn’t know what google docs until a year ago then i forgot about then my cousin told me about it.now It helps me with writing scripts fo Youtube videos and other stuff.
If I’m in a pinch and my computer dies I can go to my phone and get some work done
Great app
Cool
the app “crashed and some of your work was probably lost.”  i even hit the checkmark to save stuff.  who writes a top-tier docs app and doesn’t log state to disk every few seconds?  lost an hour of work
ok
ੱਹੱਵੱਕੱਗੱਲ ਕੱਲੱਕਕੱ ਕੇਦੱਰਕੱ I don’t know what I just did
Wish apple had something that was this good!! Google definitely kills apple in this one!
Gave the app a four out of five only because the color coding and such is extremely difficult to get working on a phone.  Other than that it’s great and something to use both on the phone and on the computer. 
All the google office or suite apps would get 5 star rating if they mirrored their website counterparts.  The functionality left out in the iPad/phone apps is a serious drawback.  As these office tools are becoming the best office group to use, it is essential that it works the same on mobile.  If one could open the online version to do the steps the app won't let you, that would help.  This too unfortunately is blocked.  If you have any of the apps installed, then you cannot access the tools online.  I considered deleting the apps and using the websites only, but then I would lose the ability to work offline.    Google please put full functionality on your apps, or allow in app access of the desktop web version. 
The app is great, i love it, it has helped me with a lot of stuff for school, etc. but this app is the only way to edit a document, there is no other way to edit a document elsewhere and if you don’t have great service it might take a while to load and that is not helpful if your in a crunch for time. But overall, fantastic app.
Use the all the time... easy, great templates
Good product
I liked this app. I think it’s a great way to take notes or writ stories for fun, but I do wish it was a little more like the computer. But other than that I think it’s great and I will have fun with it! But I would still like if you could update this soon to be more like the computer type! Thanks. But I also do get you’re trying hard to do well on this app and this was what you made, I love this way but more like the computer would be better.
I love google docs! It’s fun, easy to use, you can use it offline, & more! RATING:5/5
I can get all my work done on this simple and easy to use app. I love it so much!
Love sharing documents with people and being able to edit at the same time. So helpful if your school district supports it and all Google parts!!
Excellent
The delay between each key stroke is so annoying and when you press delete it tends to register you pressing it twice. However, the app is amazing for school. With word you have to worry about saving your progress but with Google Docs every single keystroke is save the second you type it.
i wish it was still combined with the google drive app, but docs works well for when im sneakily writing in class so w/e
Love it. Keep it Free and let it be..
i have to use this garbage for school and it’s bad
Copy and paste function from one google doc to another causes app to either freeze up or crash. Using this on my ipadPro (2nd Gen) and had nothing but headaches.
i love this app and i love writing i’m so glad i can use an app that i ca use other than notebook i can access it on any device and i’m never deleting this app, BEST APP EVER!!
Easy to use
Very intuitive and enough advanced features (collaboration, markup, numbering) that I’ve never missed ... that other word processing application.
I love that I can use Docs on my iPad! Though, I do wish there was auto-saving like on the computer.
I use this as a daily tool, and it works great! The only problem is when copying and pasting it messes up some times but it works well! Keep up the good work!
Don’t need a computer
Do you think it’s possible to have specific, easy to access fonts for a folder or document? Because I for one have lots of fonts but it takes FOREVER to find the one I want each time I change fonts. Thanks so much! Hope you can do something about it!
This is a great app, it is just that sometimes it glitches and creates an inconvenience for me when I am attempting to complete my work.
I REALY like it.
I rely on Google Products for just about everything. Google docs doesn’t disappoint one bit.
Love the App when I’m on the go!
Very good works well quality weird presentation
When I’m working in school on a paper, this makes it so much easier!
This app is great, I love it
This app is really great for typing documents. I used it to write words and print things out to give to people.
My needs are simple, I just need to share a text document Among my family to maintain an ongoing grocery list. It works perfectly.
I learned about google docs since sixth grade and I absolutely love it. It is such good quality and if you use word you can just upload it and continue from there. It is awesome. Computer version is good and so is the iPad app. Google is awesome. Use pages for apple and use Microsoft word for microsoft. Love it a lot. So awesome. Enjoy!
Made all my projects portable
👍🏻👍🏻
The best assistance to any small business
Great interactivity with my Google universe
I’ve been using google docs on my computer for ages but when I recently found out It was a app and that you had full editing control I always type on my phone now when I’m going somewhere. Google Docs is a life saver!!!
I love this app I can use it on all my tablets.  Just remember not to delete from one tablet because it will delete it from all tablets, an if it was done by mistake you have lost it completely.  I am a Minister an I type all my preaching under this app.  What I truly like is that it is a google document app an you don't loose it if you change phones. 
I'm a fanfics writer & use gdocs for my needs. Thanks!
I love how if you don’t have your computer or anything else with you, you can use your phone or I-pad and get the app. The app also allows you to edit! There is also a google slides app if you want to download that. All in all, this is a great app, and if you need to get something done and you don’t have your computer, you should definitely get it.
This app helps soooo much with my school work when I’m on the go.
I use Docs ALL THE TIME for schoolwork/ homework and it’s great. Sometimes it’s a little slow, but I don’t really care. It’s usually slower on my school chromebook, but it was a cheap chromebook when it was made in 2013, so that’s probably why.
This is a very good writing app and it save automatically so you don't have to worry your work will get lost and it is top notch.
I’m using google docs for a list 1yearI love it is very convenient especially when you use it in your cellphone because you still work in your assignments anywhere.
Docs deleted half of my work when I tried to print it.
I have enjoyed this app for a good while now. Easy to use.
Good app, useful At home where I don’t have WiFi
Google docs has been very efficient until a little while ago. For some time when I use it on a computer or iPad it likes to lag which is not good because then I have to late. My whole English class has the same problem as well because our teacher uses Google Docs to grade because it is easier for her. I would love to see this problem fixed!
Docs is great for collaborative writing and keeping track of ideas and notes in an organized manner. However, when all I have is my phone to edit and ad to my existing docs, my options are limited font and size wise. I also share a lot of the docs I make with friends to help edit and consolidate ideas for story writing, but when I try to delete old docs that the other person has saved a copy of onto their personal doc page, I’m still left with the ghost of my old doc. All it does is sit there and tell me I can bring back the doc, when what I want is for it to be gone for good and clean up my menu.
this app is so awesome for when I need to do hw and my computer is down stairs and I’m to lazy to get up. And I am a really slow rupee so with this I can voice type
A very user-friendly app, supports offline editing, easy access, instant saving. Just like working on a computer.
It's nice, convenient, easy, and brilliant to use.
No complaints or flaws that I can find. Has everything I need.
I would give this a 5 star rating, but it’s just hard to save documents to my Apple drive. Overall, I do recommend this app if you have Microsoft Word.
Use this mainly on the computer but, it's mighty fine as an app. Works just as well and smoothly, no negatives so far.
BUT STOP FORCING ME TO RATE THE APP. WHEN YOU DO ILL CHANGE THIS RATING.
Best app ever! I’ve been using google docs for 5 years in school and every project I’ve done with it has gotten an A on graphic design. It is super editing friendly, and easy to touch!
I love this app you can do so many things 😎
Much better than different typing apps, it works offline and saves work. You can cooperate with other people by gmail, and so much other fun! Don’t hesitate in getting it, it’s great! But if you have barely any storage in your device, you may want to limit the amount of documents you have.
Great for projects,research and essays.
This is great for taking and organizing notes as part of a system that bridges different mobile computing platforms (iOS on iPad, Android on phone) and my laptop (Windows 10). Has a long way to go before matching Office' functionality, though. For example, how hard does it have to be to type text after typing a quotation mark?
Google it’s self is great and adding google docs makes it even better but I️ do wish you didn’t have to download a whole other app for google docs I️ wish they made it more simple so you could just go straight from google to google docs it would take less time and leave you a lot of storage on your phone
I've had Google Docs for about 2 years and it was a fairly good place to store docs and edit them and you could use a pin # to make it secure. Forget that now. Google has decided we can not use the pin # or the fingerprint leaving any hacker that can get in to steal all our private info. Who made this awful decision?? I'm leaving Google and moving files to another default browser that will secure my info.
This app is helpful and necessary for school work!
I use google docs for school and it is working awesomely. I use docs to write stories with my friends I love being able to share with my friends and family google docs SAVED MY LIFE I advise you to get google docs if you don’t have it!!
I’m a student and I enjoy using google docs for all my online homework. It is easy to use on the go and in the classroom!
This is a must have app for all users!!!
I like the format very much.  It is perfect for correspondence on my iPad.  It is easy quick, user friendly and translates very well across platforms.  I switch from PC to Mac often and never have had a problem.  Highly recommend this app.
Well made app, I would like to see Voice Typing on Mobile.
I have found this app. very helpful. It allows me to type and print notes, messages and letters without having to crank up my laptop which often wants time to download something before it will let me in. A few more helpful hints - like how to cut/paste would be welcome as well as how to do some of the other functions that may be more evident to those with better computer skills.
Great productive app to write essays on your phone or laptop
I like this app a lot. It helps a lot with school. You should get it. But one bad thing about it is that if you delete something on accident and you go out of the doc and go back in it wont let you go back and get it. Unless you’re on the computer. But other than that very good app.
Blowes apple out of the water.  I was faithful to all things apple till now.
Sometimes has trouble loading large documents
It’s good and works great but I wish you didn’t have to download the app to use google docs, instead of using the website
I love Google Docs! We use it all the time at my school, and I always create stories using Google Docs! Thank the Lord this is a app!
This app is amazing!!!! Very helpful!!!😀👩‍🎓
Pretty good and saves fast so you don’t loose data if something happens
What ever were they thinking when suggested changes entered on a web page show as “hidden suggestion.”
Excellent app, of course much better than Apple Pages, but inexcusable that you can’t password protect individual documents.
This is good for school work and your job I reccomend getting this app especialy if you are a Big fan of Google
I really love google docs and the app works great for me, I have more than a few documents over fifty pages and I don’t encounter hardly any problems besides a little longer load time (to be expected with larger files). Only thing I’d like is if there was a way to show a page break and count without putting the document into print layout, which makes the documents size/format less ideal for mobile.
I have only used the computer version but when I got my IPod and found out about it I got a little happy bubble inside of my brain.
Being able to share editing on docs and having them available everywhere is so helpful, especially when you are in school and your group is spread over the globe!!
U can give good info and it auto checks
Installed it about a week ago.  Intuitive, easy to use.  Creates professional documents.  As a former MS Word user, I highly recommend this App.  Follow up about a year later....still use it all of the time.  Great with my I-Pad. Love this app.  Third review.  Highly recommend this app.  Versatile and easy to use. 
Wonderful tool!
I use this app everyday and it is a great way to work on thing that I have assigned. Like as of right now I am working on a book menu report and I am using this app everyday so I can get it done. This app is so helpful. Thanks guys! You guys are cute!!
I have used Google Docs for many years. It is a great way to create & store documents. Your data can be easily accessed with many devices.
I've had the app for over a year now, and it is soooo useful to be able to work on papers and presentations while traveling or away from my computer. I wish they had more features like an indentation, but I've used it for so much of my work.
I use this app multiple times daily for my business. It is easy to use and always comes out looking professional.   I do wish there was a way to create your own templates and save them. 
This app was great. I used it to do all of my schoolwork and college essays etc. However, as of one of the more recent updates, it has become so laggy to the point where i have to type out essays in the notes app then copy and paste that into my google doc. When I type words, the letters show up over 2 seconds after I had typed them. It’s ridiculous! I do not have this problem in any other app. Please fix then this will be a 5 star review.  For informational purposes I experience these problems on an IPad Air 1. 
I personally love how easily my docs sync to my phone from my laptop. The same goes for all other google programs. It’s nice to be able to check documents or make small changes without taking out my laptop.
It is very Nice for Typing up assignments, and then emailing to teachers. It is also PERFECT for group work! The only reason i didn't give it the last star, was the controls on the iPad can be difficult to use, and you cant see where the pages break up.
Frustrating when all I want to do is put in a list of things and it expects me to write a sentence and keeps auto correcting.
Google docs is a very good app for school and education or anything else but it started getting very laggy and glitched after the latest update. Even if I reset my device it still glitches so much. Is there any way you could fix this? If so, please try to. Is this happening to only me or is it happening to others? If others have the same type of review please fix this. (I dont know what to write anymore).
I learned about Google Docs because of school, and I love it! I can write papers on the go, and it is fun for me to use. I get confused sometimes, but overall I think it is one of the best writing apps ever.
Love this app
This is amazing. Done.
I do a lot of tasks on my phone and having google docs available (for free) is wonderful. Thank you Google!
Google is beyond helpful. This and all of the other sub docs are all worth having without a doubt!
It’s the perfect thing for students on the go! Great features and is a great writing medium
Create from any device, anywhere
Cloud based storage is the way of the future and I for one welcome our new gmail overloards.
Google docs works fabulously for planning a family get together… Everyone can sign up and see what other people have signed up for… Immediately! It has really expedited our planning and communication!!
I’ve used Google Docs for quite some time now. Though I only used the computer version, because I didn’t have a phone or know the Google Docs app existed. So, when I found out about this, I got it immediately! It was, and still is an amazing tool for my everyday life. The only issues I have with this, is that when your document contains too much information/pages, you could probably type six sentences before it finished putting down the first one.. Copying and pasting is quite difficult, and for some reason, it doesn’t want me to copy the first quotation marks of a sentence.  I much prefer using the computer with Google Docs over the mobile version, because I can type much faster with the computer. That’s just my opinion, however! With the computer, Google Docs basically isn’t an option, due to Wi-Fi and other complications. So having it on my phone is amazing. Despite some minor flaws, such as holding down backspace and watching it delete excessive amounts of stuff... this is an excellent app! If you’re looking for a free, easy way to access your documents wherever you go, then I strongly believe this app is for you! 
Thank you for it almost missed a project because my computer was being slow.
Absolutely grateful for this application makes it so much easier to do my work on the go when i don’t have my laptop with me. Love being able to share my work with others. Makes doing group work like a breeze.
Good luck trying to select the exact text you need on the iPad because it has the sensitivity of a rhinoceros. The app is fine for typing but absolute rubbish for an essential aspect of editing.
Few quirks but overall good.... comes in handy for school
Unpainfully convenient. 6 stars+
Yay...this app is amazinggggggg....
Overall, the Google Docs app is very useful. It’s good for editing and writing projects on the go if you don’t have access to a computer. The interface is fairly simple and straightforward, making it friendlier to new users. However, formatting a document isn’t always hard. While a document can look sleek on the application, it can at times look quite bad on an actual printed piece of paper or email. Other than this issue, I see nothing but positive things from this app. 9/10, would recommend.
Great app I use this all the time when I have to type something but I don’t wanna get out my computer
I love this app it help me withe everything and it totally free
Great for reading as long as you don’t mind the reading not being formatted for your screen. Writing is way too difficult in this format without a stylus. You can do it but it’s not user friendly, as much as a phone can be user friendly for writing digitally.
It can’t even use gesture to open side bar or back to previous page. It’s a basic of basics in iOS.
My friend and I write stories together. And it’s really easy to collaborate together on google Doc’s. We can see each other’s updates through real time, sometimes I’ll click in and see her actively writing. Edits are easy, inserting pictures, changing fonts, using it for projects, everything is smooth and running perfectly for me.
Works great, never had a problem!
Creating and sharing documents through Google Drive has made working with a large number of colleagues much easier. I love it.
I love google docs it great I can use it on my iPad my computer Even my phone
I use Docs as a part of GSuite for my business, its amazing to have unlimited storage and unlimited access available from any device, at any time, thank you 👍
Very good
I have many times tried to use Google docs on my phone because I use it all the time on my computer. However, every time I've tried it on my phone, the keyboard starts freaking out and typing sentences as a very long word, or corrects all the words to capitals. I find this very irritating because I keep having to go back to type in spaces or edit the capitals. After multiple experiences, I found that this only ever happens in google docs and not in any of my other apps. I don't know what's causing this keyboard bug, but it completely ruins the usefulness of the app.
All I can say is, “What would we do without Google Docs?” And having it on the phone is a must!
I will say it’s good but sometimes when I go into the docs it just loads very slow and when I type it takes me a long time to wait for the typing to be done. For example, when I type in things that I do in school it will go like H first then I a couple of second later which is annoying and it take a long time so can you plea