Been using K-9 Mail on my phones since my first Android. Brilliant email app, does everything I need flawlessly. Have to agree with all the other users complaining about the new icon though... it is truly truly awful (Sorry to the dev who designed it!). Any chance we can go back to the old, better-looking icon? Other than that, 5/5, would highly recommend (and often do).
Almost impossible to use this latest version 5.403 Very Laggy, takes long time to schroll down and open message. Problem exists even after I recreated the data.  I have been using K9 for the past 4 years with multiple accounts on the same phone without this issue.
K-9 Mail is having trouble when OpenVPN connect is activated.  All other apps and web sites work fine.  Even when the VPN is then disconnected on LTE the problem persists.  Moving next back to WiFi the problem still persists as well.  Only a reboot of the phone seems to help.
Actually, it is a very good email app. The new icon totally sucks and the main developer seems to be completely deaf to users feedback about it. Don't be fooled by the icons you see on the Google play page for k9. It isn't showing the new icon.  Even if the old icon doesn't come back, the icon needs a different look from what it is now.
Really happy with the app and I've been using it for years. But it keeps  losing the contents of draft messages but not the header details. Lost so  much time retyping long emails saved as drafts that get wiped out. Grrrr
It's a great very versatile app. The only thing I'm wondering about is it's energy consumption. It does wake the CPU quite little and also data usage is not that high compared to others. Yet it consumes quite some power. Any thoughts?
Installed on my s7 Samsung edge, works well but will not poll automatically,  says syncing disabled  ?????  Not sure why they can not fix it. I filed a trouble ticket online but it was ignored. My guess is they can not figure out the syncing disabled problem.  JUST FOUND A POSIBLE FIX ON  FORUMS. TRYING NOW .....
UPDATE: Wow, the new icon is garish!   I really enjoy K9 Mail, but I keep getting notifications on my Gmail accounts that someone has my passwords. Until I started using this client, I never had a problem. I'm worried because you have to choose less secure settings in Gmail that it makes my accounts vulnerable to attack.
This used to be the best e-mail app for one's phone. However with recent Android OS releases the app stops synching with the IMAP server. I have to frequently "Force Stop" K9-Mail to get it to synch again and
Whenever it matters this is one of the best. If you want total control of your accounts go with this one! It's not one of the prettiest, but it has the power to have you control everything when using IMAP, even if you have to use stink exchange for your work email.
Been using this for over a yeah and loved it. But recent update and it wont stop the circle arrows search for mail.  Let it go 16 minutes last time.  Have to reboot before it acts normal for a bit.    Can you fix?
Push mail has not been working reliably for years, always leading to the error message "Syncing disabled" and tp delayed incoming mail. Why K-9 disables syncing remains unclear. Other email clients, like Thunderbird, do not have any such problem. K-9 also has too many, too complicated settings and some user interface problems. Apart from these problems it is good.
Used to be such a great app. Now sync is routinely disabled. Work around of  toggling background sync in settings doesn't work reliably. This is a  persistent problem that has been reported for over a year. App is now so  unreliable it has become useless.
SORT THE SYNCHRONISATION OUT. PLEASE. IT IS LITERALLY THE KEY FUNCTION OF AN EMAIL CLIENT -LETTING YOU KNOW YOU HAVE NEW EMAIL. I should not have to manually check. Taking another  star off because comments are being ignored. Also, what's with the new - and rather babyish - logo? The original was rather smart. Can we have it back please?
Would be a great app if it still worked. After many years with k9, I  finally had to give up on it because of this common, and as yet unaddressed  syncing issue. My livelihood revolves around being able to read emails as  soon as possible. Blue mail isn't as easy to use for me, but hey, at least  it lets me know when I get a new email.
I love this app but lately, polling disables itself at least 50% of the time no matter what I try, and for the past 2 days there's a socket exception when it polls. When are you going to fix these errors?
So I am going to disagree with the majority regarding the icon. It's not great but it is better than the old one. I'm currently trying to set up an Exchange account for my work Office 365 mail. No success so far. Any tips?
How does this app work? I have tried everything including putting a lock on  the phone screen, ( which i cannot get rid of). Now it needs something  elese to download. But it should have been downloaded when the app was  installed!! Either take off the phone lock or make it work! I need this  email for my linux. It is in the app store, so why google isn't it working?  If not i will uninstall and take that darn lock off my phone
Good app, do the job very well. Found two issues with the app. Don't have  swipe action and don't sync spam folder. Why do you need this? Think about  the last time you lose an email and where did you find it.
Been using for YEARS, and once again K9 screws up a good program. REPLY to a msg, and it disappears from inbox. And, of course there is not option, so the only option is to upgrade the review, and look for a newer, better app.
[Update] March 2018 and sent folder still useless.  Still won't show anything newer than September 2012.  Also, encrypted email shows HTML tags rather than rendered HTML.  Aside from those, it's a GREAT app. ([Update] It's now January 2017 and sent folder is still 100% useless! Broken for YEARS!) Works great with encryption, but please see how poorly it renders BestBuy deals email and please fix it.  Also, sent folder is useless. Only shows email I sent way back in September 2012 (it's now May 2015)
Hey "K-9 Dog Walkers"! Your app *used* to be great. But not any more. Your GitHub Issues are a hot mess of dog s**t! Constantly cross-linking closed issues without a fix promised. Your app also eats my battery! Your app eats draft emails like the proverbial dog eats homework! Uninstalling.
Nice project. Nice implementation of encryption. But its missing the feature of "mail clusters"! There is no contact cluster option, so I have to switch through the folders, scrolling and searching, when I want to follow an older conversation or one where the "reply" button wasn't used. That's very very VERY annoying. And it can't make my notification light blink. It does not need many resources and is open source. These are the only 2 reasons why I have it installed. But using it is slow. Because of the mentioned problems.
Have used this app for a long time and loved it. Now it's not syncing, I don't get notified when new mail arrives, and this morning, all the mail in my folders disappeared. Until this is fixed, it's useless and I'll have to uninstall
I have been using this app for several years and whilst it was good to start with, it's been going rapidly downhill. It's constantly returned server authentication errors, despite the fact the settings are correct and that I'm not having these issues with other apps. I am currently using Gmail as a backup. Chances are, I may look for another email client.
Best e-mail app as it allows me to delete messages directly without putting them into the trash. I hate the new icon though, otherwise I would have given 5 stars, but it sticks so horribly out besides all other icons :)
This has been my go-to email app for 7+ years. Sadly, just today started problems with not pulling emails from the server. Emails are in webmail but most not all are NOT making it to K9. I can send fine as well. It's been 2.5 months, time for an update?
Doesn't update the folder structure so a lot of stuff I don't see, but I could reload I suppose. New icon is awful, like a pixel version of a Lego telly tubby
Puerile icon. Sync issues- force close and restart  app and sync starts to work- until it falls over again. This sync issue has been going on for well over a year now, no idea how long. After a while it starts to eat away at you. I'll give it another couple of months and then another star's going. Trouble is- what alternatives exist? I came back to K9 when K10 ceased to be supported. No one listened there either.
K-9 mail still beats the pants off all the other mail clients for Android.  As I use Thunderbird on my Linux notebook and Windows desktop, this is the closest thing to "Thunderbird on Android".  My only issue is that it still doesn't support S/MIME.  If you got that sorted, you'd be getting 5 stars.
After years of sticking with K-9 for the control it gives, I have moved on to a less bleak app. TypeApp has all the controls and more, in a modern interface.
I keep coming back to this app, use it and remember why I am still searching for a good email app. Considering how long email has been around, I'm surprised. CHECK for new email in a given frequency, NOTIFY ME of the new email, rinse, repeat. I hate fighting with this app. It's time to find something that just works.
Brilliant until recently. Now it won't poll the server other than manually which is pointless. I have just with regret, uninstalled it and reverted to the inferior, but working, built in app.
Actually this is a six star app. But until you bring back the old icon it's a four. Come on folks, an ugly icon is an ugly icon.
K-9 is a very feature rich email client and I've been using it for years.  Some bugs from time to time but nothing serious and when others have  inserted ads, full screen even, K-9 has remained ad free! Lately I'm  frustrated with mail syncing not working, probably due to doze but nothing  I do seems to help. Issue is still there :(
I've been using this app flawlessly for years. Up until I installed it on my Samsung S7 edge it would have got five stars. However, the "syncing disabled" problem which the developers know about but have not yet fixed renders it just 4 stars meantime. If the bug is not fixed I will have to look for another mail client as one that won't  synch (it always did until android 7) is pretty useless. Come on developers we know it's  a great app but get it fixed or you will start losing customers in their droves!
My preferred email client because it respects my privacy.  But now that ugly ugly new icon on my home screen - YUK.  Please developers show some maturity - you got wrong, damaged your branding, and lost the spirit of K9.  Time to revert back to the old icon.
Still Broken, no longer receives mail just says "syncing disabled" and there's nowhere to turn it back on. Shouldn't turn off randomly anyway. This app used to ne good and there's no good replacement for it, android just sucks I guess.
I like the app but I don't seen to be able to change the browser it open email links with...maybe I've missed a default setting but I can't find one. Edit..I must have chosen always use...ok when changed default in settings. It will get headers of older emails but no content. So if not saved on phone and I want to view an email I need to use a different app or browser. Quite good on useage of data
Great email app, been using it for years, but the new icon?  Absolute rubbish, it looks like it was designed by a 5-year-old, actually a 5-year-old could do a better job I'm sure
Changing this review, as the old one was about the interface change that nearly made me quit using the app a few years ago.  Since the last update, K-9 has been draining battery like crazy.  I'm beginning to think it may have to do with the app getting stuck trying to refresh IMAP mail when there is a loss of network or network change, like changing from wireless to cellular data.   It apparently just churns away.  Side note:  I can't stand the new icon.  The older one was a bit odd and kitschy but it was comfortable and familiar.  The battery issue would get any other app a 1 or 2 star rating, but since K-9 is the only app I still use, that I used on my first android, it gets a slight pass (along with hope that it will be fixed.)
It was wonderful until Android 6. Now sync not longer functions and the developer has not put the effort in to fix it (though other mail apps have). No longer recommended.
Last update made it so slow... Having difficulties working with it since it's so damn slowish.  Why no updates since january? Can't wait for one 'cause it's very slow since last update... Might change email client if not corrected soon.
Completely broken on Galaxy Note 8.  Emails take forever to send, notifications NEVER work, meaning that this app is not fit for purpose.   The final nail in the coffin is the complete lack of user support via EMAIL.  The devs expect you to just "ask around" at Google Groups, so I'm done with K9.  If you have a fairly recent device, use "Aquamail" instead.  It's a better app and the dev actually helps via email.
If this app doesn't sort out the sync problem I will be moving to another  app that works. I almost have to manually sync to get messages or setup  polling, push mail does not work. Edit polling does not work either. I have  to manually sync every morning to get my mail.
Major bug for several months now - does not sync/update reliably. Sometimes it does, but sometimes it does not sync for hours until I manually force it. Totally random. Have missed dozens of important emails this way. Now looking at the alternatives.
Been using it since day one of smart phone era, best email client I ever  used up to this date, other dont even come close. The setting backup just  amazing regardless of phones I kept changing. Keep up the good work.
Works well, thorough. But there are a few quirks. Update: Removed 2 stars because they still can't get the syncing to not disable frequently.
This is the only email client I've found on Android that does email well. PGP support, integration with key chain management apps and easy to use generally. Was a bit confused by the UI initially when changing between accounts because the UX doesnt quite follow 'normal' Android approaches.  However it is now almost impossible to enter a recipient address in full without K9 cutting off entry and showing an "invalid recipient" error; leaving you to refocus the cursor and continue typing the recipient address - sometimes having to start from scratch. V annoying
WHY DID YOU CHANGE THE ICON?? I want the old K-9 app icon back. you had to go and screw up my favourite thing about this dumb app.
The app itself is excellent but it's let down badly in latest update by a badly designed icon which I wouldn't want on my homescreen, old icon was much much better
I loved this client until now. I have a new phone with newer android and it is unable to sync my accounts. I won't make a whole day research how to solve this.
App works well enough. New icon is a failure....please revert to old one.
Forceclosed 2x while email was loading. Almost unusable. Long loading. Lagtime of body of mail. Glad to see updates but this one needs work. Back to 5 stars when accomplished
Update to the update. Still hangs and eats data/battery. The previous  versions didn't do this. Now looking for a different email solution since  they obviously aren't interested in updating and fixing the issue. Update  to original review... still stalls and then just sits and chews on data,  with the little working arrow spinning at the top of the screen until I  force stop the app!! Cmon guys, fix the bug already!!! Have used k9 for  years, after updating last time it has started stalling, with the polling  circle running nonstop until I force stop it, which has also caused data  usage to skyrocket... just installed new update, hopefully will fix issue
Used this for some time and it is OK for mail.  The new icon is dreadful however, so will be looking for an an alternative. After all it is just an email client and there are plenty available.
The new app icon is horrid but otherwise a decent email app. I like that it supports gpg integrated... But seriously... Who looked at that icon and thought it would be an improvement? Developer's girlfriend must have designed it....
I came looking for a secure email solution, and found a nice unexpected surprise... the ONLY email app I know of that lets you use a DARK theme. If you're like me and you do a lot of email composing and reading when you're on a BATTERY, then not having a constant WHITE background while you type is not only easier on your eyes, but on your battery life too.
Used to be good BUT with issues around syncing emails it's not very useful, please fix... Or at least admit the issue exists and has done for a few years now. After recent update syncing disabled shows all the time enabling debug says no network but other apps are working time to fix this or at least admit you can't ....
Looking for an alternative to my stock Android Mail app, I took a chance on K-9 and it's everything I was looking for EXCEPT none of my ringtones sound when new mail arrives (and they are selected). The recent update has not fixed this.
Good email program, I have used it for years. Minus 1 star for new butt ugly icon, what a shame.
It worked for years, then something went wrong but you guys fixed it for Android 8.0/8.1 and now it's crashing again, especially when I move an unread message to another IMAPI folder. Very annoying. I'm losing faith in you
Open source and supports encryption.  UI is not as fancy as some other email apps, but I can definitely live with it considering the security benefits you get with this one.
An issue since the last update...It's saying syncing is disabled even though I have it set as always..please fix..otherwise..I love this app. Works consistently & offers so many options for colors & displays.
Very good app but it's now difficult to use it professionally due to the  polling problem. Some workarounds can be found but unfortunately, none of  them worked for me.
I've used k9 for years for my many email addresses. It used to be super simple and clean. I've been able to modify settings with every update to keep it pretty streamlined, and the way I like it. However, recently I've noticed a glitch of some sort with regards to replying to group emails.  I took the time to explain the situation thoroughly in an email to the developers via the link to contact them on Google Play-- except turns out that only gets you a canned response to go to their Github forum.  So I did that, took the time to create an account, and explained my issue there. It sat for 3 days and got no response.  I went to their Google+ forum, took the time to create a Google+ account, and posted there. Got no answer.  I went back to Github and bumped my thread, got an irrelevant answer from someone that didn't solve the problem, and he immediately closed the thread. So, this was great while it lasted, but it's impossible to get assistance when something isn't right. That, along with inconsistent polling, I'm finally moving on.   p.s. if the other dude who did try to help after the thread was closed reads this-- SHOUT OUT TO YOU, BRUH.
Love k-9 mail. Have been using it for a few years, but don't I like the new icon at all! Why can't we have the original icon back please?
K-9 Mail used to be really good, but it has gone downhill of late... Among other things, it suddenly stopped working with my (IMAP) e-mail servers (despite the fact that they work everywhere else!) and the only response from the developers (via github) is "we are working on improving the error messages". Unfortunately, I can't wait around for the developers to fix whatever it is they broke - particularly seeing as the comments on github suggest this might not be addressed for a while... If you want something Open Source and K-9 Mail works for you, stick with it as it's the best Open Source offering out there; if you don't care about Open Source or K-9 Mail is not working for you too, well there's plenty of proprietary alternatives out there.
I went through all best email apps for android. If you're fan of Thunderbird, then K9 is the only one best email app for you.
Great app for news but I hate the new icon. Why not provide a short cut widget with the old one?
This used to be my favorite email app, but for about the last 3 years it  has been buggy, unreliable and cannot actually be trusted to handle my  email correctly. Every once in a while I try it again in the hope the  developer has figured his s&*t out again but it just gets more  disappointing... Tonight I deleted the same email 18 times and the damn  thing was still there.... Oh well, back to Bluemail again I'm sad to say.
Since the last update application is not working properly, shuts down right after its being opened. Pls fix it, we cant operate without it.
K9 is great, but today I put a new pixel 2 xl on Oreo 8.1 and I lost the bottom bar to reply, forward etc. Google tried for an hour to find it. All other devices, 6p. 6, and several others work fine.
2018 UPDATE, K9 STILL DISSABLES SYNCHING. NO GET EMAILS AUTO, DISSABLES SYNC AT LEAST 3 TIMES A DAY. NOT SURE WHY THEY CANNOT FIX. MAYBE IF THEY CONTACT BLUE MAIL APP, THEY HAVE IT FIGURED OUT..   Warning, will not work with nouget on phones or most  tablets, not sure why k9 will not fix. Problems, sync dissabled. will not poll or  sync emails unless  manual refresh since phone 7.0 nouget update. Can not find workaroud on samsung s7 edge. Not sure why k9 is not fixing. I HAVE CONTACTED K9 DIRECTLY, NO RESPONSE. not sure why they r ignoring all the sync related complaints. Too bad. It was a great app for years. Looks like people r recomending switching to blue mail app with no problems. Please advise
Since the last update not working well anymore. Thinking about uninstalling it ans using a now app. Would be a shame I loved the app so much...Using it for years, but now ita responding very slowly ans crashing frequently :(
Incompatible with the most popular phone, Samsung Galaxy S5. When the developers offer the required security setting in setup, maybe the app will be worth the installation. Until then....
doesn't sync on Wi-Fi since android 7. and no way to undelete something from trash. When I use voice to text in the program it duplicates what I'm saying and I have to end up deleting
New icon is garbage. Change back to old icon before I delete K-9 Mail. Just one more Android app annoyance that makes me want an iPhone.
Works great.    I want to switch back to the old app icon.  The new one is terrible.
Good but still no email print option. New icon is really bad.
I have to uninstall as it will only check one of the 2 email accounts I set  up. All of the account settings are the same but for some reason I can only  get email i from the 1 account if I manually check it. The other email  account works fine.
No autocomplete address, except  Contacts.    PS Update has changed all font size settings. Really ugly icon:)
Got to the setup and found k9 only allows 1000 emails to be downloaded. Pointless limit so immediately deleted.
I used to really love K9, but the latest updates kill my battery. K9 is the highest power user in the list.
Not great anymore, might be android 7's fault more than k9s but nevertheless annoying
EDIT: Updated review - March 2018: Changed to a Pixel 2 XL this week and installed K-9Mail.  Always Sync is messed up.  Several times throughout the day it'll either say Sync Disabled, or it'll say Next Poll One Hour Ago, or several minutes ago.  I have to manually poll my accounts.  Each account and the Global settings are set to Always Sync every sixty minutes.  If I thought it would fix the issue, I'd uninstall and reinstall, but I tried that already.  Bummer... I've used this app for a long time.  INITIAL Review: I need an email app that is highly configurable and is easy to use on a constant basis.  I have multiple accounts setup, and K-9Mail covers all of the requirements I have except one... And its very minor.  I'd like it to vibrate ONLY when new mail arrives.  Notifications are either on or off...no in between.  There is no custom setup for Notifications.  If this was a feature of K9Mail, I'd rate it Five stars.
You're still COMPLETELY IGNORING the "less secure app" issue with google  .." yes you're marked by google as a less secure app!" , I still get my  accounts blocked every time the app tries to access them!, And i have to  allow the process from google account security, EVERY SINGLE TIME .. why  not FIX this?!!
I have to select "reply" (backward arrow) to find the "forward" option?  Really?!?!? Do any of these cheetos-munching geeks ever check to see what  the user wants? Decent app but tired of the geek-think "I can do this  because its kewl" instead of "what does the user want?" UPDATE: Fed up with  the "sync disabled". UNINSTAED
This app is a good alternative for Gmail, although setup is a bit  unintuitive. Lots of features, no ads
OK. I've used this app for a week. Like many others have reported, I keep  getting 'sync disabled' and have to check My Email Manually. I think the  interface needs a good Polish too and maybe a new logo. The UI definitely  needs to be worked on because it looks quite cluncky and old
During Adroid 6.01 is on Doze Mode, no new emails get received. Exclude from battery save list doesn't help. No fix?
Don't know if this is a K-9 or OpenKeychain problem, but encryption works  on my phone, not on my tablet.
Great email app, has lots of features, but new version 5.403 has an ugly icon (differs from what is shown in Play Store).  Had to downgrade back to 5.206.
Free & Open source email app. What more do you want!!! The best email app. It has all the useful features, customizable.
5.403 is having a huge lag/delay making Android to think that app was unresponsive and asking me to kill it!
Incomming mail not showing in the unified inbox. We have to go to accounts and back to unified inbox to see the new incoming mail.
Could someone explain me why I had to change google security settings in order to have it run properly? Why google have marked it as a "non secure app"?
After the last update hangs up almost every time when checking for new email. Annoying.
Always used K9 mail, but the new icon is poor - would like to see the old icon returned or maybe a range of icons in the widgets.
So many customizations within its simplicity - it's remarkable! I needed an email app that allowed hassle-free switching between identities, and this has it. Few frills, max features and ease of use, super stable. This app can't be beaten.
New post for recent update. Old issue of old messages, like a year old, randomly fetched as new messages continue. New interface doesnt fit screen properly. I have all accounts on opening screen The title bar where it saus Accounts and details polling is too small. Polling results type is cropped on half for lack of room. I cant read it. I tried minimising fonts but has not effect on Account title bar.  Over the last few months when I fetch messages, it downloads old messages from months ago that have all been read and some were deleted. Went online to my mail provider and selected All messages as read even though they wete showing as read to be sure. Made zero difference. Still randomly get 10 to 20 very old emails already read or deleted in my inbox. Very frustrating. Also have 2 yes 2 trash boxes in same account. I have 4 accounts all have 2 trash boxes. A deleted message is duplicated into each trash box. I have to delete both. Also when I write a message and send it creates duplicaye message. One is sent the other is duplicated again and placed in each trashbox. Seriously a pain. installed on both my Android 6.0.1 LGG4 and 6. 0.1 LGG5 and both do this. Please fix
This is a fantastic email app. Much, much better than the Yahoo app (which isn't working nowadays, anyway) or the Gmail app. It's much smaller than those native apps and, hence, much faster. It does everything I want a simple email app to do. In addition, it's open source, so there are no ads. Go for this app. You won't regret it.
I used icon changer to go back to the old icon (it's THAT BAD)
Crippled pgp support because the developer thinks people aren't smart enough to use it.
I've used this app for years, but now I can't. Refuses to let me set up my Outlook account. Tells me my password is wrong so I went through the process to change it, still tells me it's wrong. I've tried looking up how to fix it and each fix I've tried has done nothing.
For what ever reason sync stopped working on 2 of my devices. I deleted and reinstalled imported setting from a working state and NOTHING Takes for ever to receive notifications on email.... PLEASE FIX
This app did everything I need, and gets a bonus point for being open source. There are a couple of minor bugs, but it's really really close to maturity. I started using it because of a bug in google's Gmail app, but now that Gmail seems to be fixed, it makes sense to go back to using a native app for my Gmail email account.
I think it marks some new messages as read before I've seen them. Also: it's impossible to add a star using the star icon – I always happen to scroll instead.
What an hideous icon. Can only think the designer was savaged by his dawg
App is continuously getting hanged after last update. Even since past few days mails deleted in app are not deleted on my online email ac
No longer automatically syncs. Moto X Pure / Android 7.0. Thoughts?
Like the app. However, quiet time doesn't seem to work. Even with the option to completely hide notifications during quiet time, I frequently get email notifications on my status bar over night. Is this how it's supposed to work?
App used ti support gpg signing no longer does. Unfortunately that  means it's useless for emailing 95% of my contacts.
Notifications are no longer working. This renders an email app completely useless
I downloaded everything from Gmail yesterday. All of my emails is now gone
This latest version is running seriously slowly, rebooting and resetting phone has Not fixed it, please sort it out ASAP, thanks
there are important functions missing: 1. there is no reply-to field in the  compose message window 2. it does not offer resizing images like the  original android email app does 3. it cannot send-delayed as the original  email app
Great app and developers quickly fix issues. Horrible icon though!
What!? I'm not going to type down my email password directly into the app. Use oauth ffs.
It's generally good, very customizable, absolutely secure against email privacy and probably the best open source email app out there but quite unreliable regarding syncing in background, especially after snooze mode or when WiFi comes back.
Tried to login to Gmail which has two step verification. It doesn't recognize two step verification and shows error authentication failed.
With last update, getting annoying notofications that cannot log in to Yahoo mail, although it is logging fine
Still my app of choice for email. One option I have been wanting for a long time, however: allow us to enter the hex code for account colors. The color wheel alone doesn't help of you're trying to standardize K-9 across multiple devices (personal cell, work cell, tablet, etc.). This is a nitpick of course but one I'm sure other OCD techmage folks like myself would appreciate.
I would keep using it if search was improved. Sadly leaving. :(
This app fulfills all the needs that an email client could have, including  PGP signing and encryption. I really like it.
I love this email apps very much. With "Bundle Mails' feature, I can read all mails fastly.
It was draining the battery like there is no tomorrow, but lately become reasonable.
Seit Jahren meine Standard-App für E-Mails, kann alles, absolut  empfehlenswert!
As I said light notification not working on Samsung s7 . Needs some polishing . Sometimes not synching.now I'm getting double notifications
Abysmal at file storage can't even store with 14 free gigs of space
Works very good until it goes sync disabled and you have to kill it before it comes back to pushing mails.
The app got a lot slower in this version. And they changed the icon to something that is harder to identify.
I still absolutely HATE the new icon!!! It's a black mark on an otherwise great app.
Really desperately needs print function as an essential feature.  Until it gets this it will be well behind other clients.
Lots of setting options, been using it for 10 years (since Symbian). Not a simple email client, but very powerful
Cannot connect to servere error, using spectrum provided settings, same  info works with other email apps.
Overall it is simply a great email client for Android. The only thing that  could be done much better is the logo...
The mails dont drop automatically now with the new update.
LED notification has stoped working  on my Pixel 2.
Would be 5 stars if not for frequent sync issues (it will say "syncing disabled" frequently though I have settings so that it should be syncing in the background all the time so as to not miss important emails when they come in) and often trying to send emails with any sort of attachment, regardless of attachment type or size, the emails will get stuck in the outbox for several hours and on some occasions even DAYS. Definitely room for improvement.
2018.03.25: Why doesn't K9 support google's 2 step authentication? I remember Google introducing this feature long ago.
Somehow it has push mail problems. Fix it.
This app is good, but it is lacking a key feature for anyone who uses mailing lists: Reply-To-List
This is a remarkably functional app, and meets all the needs of someone with multiple email accounts.
New icon looks like the back end of the dog, hidden by a large magenta envelope! No way to undelete a message. No support. Otherwise it's ok.
No PRINT support?  I can print from my mobile to my local networked printer via cloud service .. just not with K9.
New icon SUCKS !!!!?!!!!!! Plus sync error getting back stuff  from trash
최강의 이메일 앱.. 바뀐아이콘은 이전보다 낫지만 살짝 아쉽다
Excellent and light. I have to enable sync to send which is weird, but works well.
Responsive devs fixed notification issue fast. Still the best email app for Android.
I like K9 Mail....easy to setup and use.  Don't like the new logo.  I miss seeing K-9 on my home screen.  :-(
On 5.403 - android 7.0 - app won't auto sync as config'd. K9 says go to web - but NO solution found there.
Doesnt work with yahoo account,
Low quality interface. Look old
After installing the new version my server settings where gone.
Still no fix for "syncing disabled".  It's been months and still no fix!
Won't download email or, when it does, it shows nothing downloaded in many folders.
Needs a backup and spam filter badly
Since the update to version 5.4 battery usage is extremely high, 40% of total. Used to be a few percent.
Worst App in this whole Universe.
'Syncing Disabled'. Argh! No matter what settings it never gets mail in background fix it please.
Installed this because I read that it can store its data on the SD card. It cannot.
Update no longer auto syncs I'm switching to something else
Great email client except the icon is just hideous.
Can't type in email address in "to" field, the cursor jumps to the message body
The one and only and the best ever! No matter what, I can always rely on K9!
// , Encrypted and open source. If you use Mozilla Thunderbird with Enigmail, this may be a good alternative.
I am experiencing issue that inbox isn't showing new messages in list but notifications getting for new messages...
The only mail app i use since galaxy s2
The app is not synchronizing my gmail and also not configuring it
great! (except for the dreadful new icon.  Please restore)
Stopped getting notification sounds. Otherwise works great.
Good, but lately it does forever to send an email. Wasn't like that before...
Handle email from any domain, it allow deep customization and yet is very easy to configure
Thanks for the quick "quiet time" bugfix, you made this app great again. :)
Love this app but with the new android update I don't get notifications.
It no longer works with Gmail security
Last update completely removed my data. Besides this it's not that bad actually.
Very useful however after Android update to 7.1 it keeps giving sync disable
Back to normal, sound is working again.
Unified inbox no longer displays read emails. PLEASE FIX ASAP.
Sometimes only works with wifi
Keep closing and Don't syn on time..
It often shows "syncing disabled".
Outdated UI
This is OpenSource!
Not syncing on Oreo
The "sync diasbled"-bug is still going strong with this one ...
Easy to set up and use. Does what it says on the box
Lightweight and doesn't waste my batteries. Lobe it.
Almost great if only support ews
Does exactly what I need in an email client
Das neue ..... minus Punkte ...
Really is the best email client. Thank you.
The best mail client. Easy. Simple. User friendly. Secure.
Es genial, recomendada al 100%
Biff and I love this app!
Good app that does what it says.
Deal killer...
Everything is great, except design
It's fantastic, I love it.
Decent mobile email client
20180106-Sa., …104-Th.(2×), …: up'd.
Free. Stable. Honest. Works.
Faltu
Super
Spot on, simple
Works brilliantly
Nice
Good
🤓🔐👍
Used to be great. With Android 7 on my Galaxy S8 I don't get reliable pushes or polling (meaning no notifications of new emails). I have tried the Doze settings and all other recommended changes. It just isn't reliable anymore. I have to manually sync accounts or toggle wifi to force a reconnect which causes K-9 to resync. I have read several relevant bug reports on the tracker. There is no fix on the way as of now AFAICT. To anyone who thinks this is solved, it is not solved for all scenarios. It doesn't work for me but I'm happy for you if it works for you. It also doesn't blink the LED when it does manage to get new emails.
The app is great, but the new icon is so darn annoying. It's brigt red color screws up the look of my phone that I really have to concider looking for an alternative e-mail client. The main developer does not seem to listen to peoples feedback, so for me he can just showe this app up somewhere far, far away..
Good email app. Wonder why the K9 dog icon now has a red envelope over it all of a sudden though? I don't like it....that's why 4 stars now. Actually, I hate the icon. Please change it back. Will uninstall if not changed ASAP. Please fix! 1 star until you do :(
Current version (5.402) and last few versions have had a crashing problem with my phone (Moto G5) so I've had to stop using it. (Your mileage may vary.) Have reported bug on Github so hopefully the devs can find a solution. Oh, and the new icon isn't great, but that's just a small niggle by comparison.
Best mail app, very fast and smooth and low power resources consuming, it would be perfect if it had an AMOLED theme, not the dark theme that it has because it has very low blacks.
I really like this app. It manages to be clunky and super fast at the same time. It does everything I need easily and without piles of dumb features I'll never use.
OK, joining the others. I hate the new icon so much it's one star until you change it back. I emailed but didn't get any response.
Love the app, but please bring back the old icon! Kthnxbai
Tried lots of others, this is the best 07/01/18 pity about the "new" icon .
Useful app for using my email account, hopefully K-9 will sort out the icon issue & syncing disabled issue soon!
Nice app. New icon sucks!!!!
Great EMail App!
Love K9, have been using for two years. Has just updated and icon changed, which I hate. BRING BACK THE OLD ICON!
Great email app! Would be lost without it!  If I could ask for one thing it would be to be able to copy/paste multiple email addresses in the to/cc/bcc field(s) easily and without it throwing up errors.
Works well but recent update has changed icon to a not so attractive one. Please change it back.
New icon is hideous but I found the old one online and made it the icon on my home screen.
I've been using this app over a year and it's excellent. I don't like the new icon in ver. 5.3. Bring back K-9 !  :-)
Dear Developer, Kindly add feature when forwarding email having more than one attachment. Forwarding email can only send one attachment instead of all attachments. Thanks
Great email client, wouldn't use anything else. Missing one star due to lack of printing feature and now ugly icon.
Great app. New icon sucks. You can be more artistic than that can't you?
Always liked it, and still do, but I miss the old icon :(
This is a great app,  I use it everyday. I welcome the icon change. It now looks more like an email  app. It would be great if one can sort folders manually....
Simple interface, but still the best mail client, never fails and never disappoints!
Love this app. Perfect for handling multiple email accounts on the phone without any of the hassle that most of the other apps bring with them.
Great app, been using it for years.  Also to whoever wrote the example screenshots of CS quotes in the app store I love them, nice touch
Much better than stock app.
It's excellent. No BS, just a great email client.
Great mail client just looks a little dated.
Its one of the best email apps I've ever had. Downgraded to 1 star until that ugly icon is replaced with the old one or something less ugly. Big red envelope makes me think that I have email waiting but it is just a big bright LOOK AT ME! IM AN UGLY ICON ON YOUR PHONE.
Works well, better than my default (S8+) email app. That being said, it still likes to download emails from my server even if already opened and deleted from phone, K9 downloads again. And I do have to laugh at the comments about the new icon, I agree, it sucks! Change it back, K9!
Please go back to the old icon or allow the user to pick which icon is displayed.  The new icon is terrible.......it doesn't even look like a K-9, which it should.  I have had small issues with the app in the past but they have always been resolved (Thank you!) or a workaround found but I refuse to have that icon on my main screen.  I will happily change my rating after the icon issue is resolved.
It has a nice interface. The new desktop icon is downright UGLY! They still are unwilling to address the issue with Gmail two phase authentication. If you use Wi-Fi, expect to be notified by Google that your sign in was blocked. UGH get your head out of the sand and fix it.
Sync does not seem to work with Android version 7+ on my Note 8 so it does not always automatically push emails. However I was able to find a workaround to get it to work by turning the battery optimize setting off for K9 by doing the following: 1) Go to Andriod Settings- Battery. 2) Click on the "Battery Usage box toward the top center of the screen. 3) Click the Menu (Three vertical dots in upper right). 4)Click on Optimize Battery Usage. 5)Select "All Apps" from the drop down arrow at the top of the screen. 6)Scroll to K-9 Mail and toggle it Off
WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THE WIDGET ICONS? THEY'RE HORRIBLE. PLEASE ALLOW US TO HAVE THE OLD ONE AS A CHOICE. IT'S WHAT DREW ME TO THE APP. THE APP IS EXCELLENT BUT I WILL HAVE TO GO ELSEWHERE IF I'M FORCED TO LOOK AT THE NEW UGLY ICON HUNDREDS OF TIMES A DAY.
I really love this app, it keeps all my email accounts in one place which helps keep up with the daily. I have been using it for a while and on a couple of different devices, but the new icon really sucks. I'd love to have the old one back, that would make it perfect and worth all five stars to me, since the icon was much cleverer and more befitting of the inspiration and this app. Thanks.
The new app icon is an ugly piece of shat which has nothing to do with the title of the app or its function. Please give us the old icon back or draw something decent instead. The original icon from bug 1723 looks 100 times better.
I have been using this email app for years and have always been very happy with it. The new icon is ugly which is why I am only giving it four stars. Will change to five stars when the old icon comes back or when we are at least given the option of choosing icons
That recent update to v. 5.400 is a total cluster f... It stopped showing messages with unencrypted signatures. Tried to fix it in settings, and it stopped showing messages at all, only shows empty frames.  P.S.: And the new app icon is just freaking ugly. Why changing something that was perfectly fine?
HORRIBLE NEW ICON. A good email client especially if you have a number of accounts, very configurable and I've not had a problem in several years. Two reasons for not giving 5 stars: lack of Exchange integration, which means I'm forced to run another client for work accounts; and did I already mention the incredibly ugly new   icon? If it doesn't revert to the former or something similar, I will have to find a replacement client; it is the most unpleasant icon on my phone and any less useful software looking as ugly would have already been discarded.
You could have flattened the icon without making it look like the awful one you have thrust upon us. I understand what you've tried to do and doing so would have made it better than the old one, but this attempt is just awful. Please find a designer who knows what they are doing.
The last update turned to junk UNTIL I cleared all K9 data and uninstalled/reinstalled. After that she's happy again. In the mean time I tried four other popular email apps and they still couldn't match K9's speed and efficiency. December 2017 update is laggy, meh.
Dec 2017 update no longer supports default identity reply. You now need to REMEMBER to MANUALLY select sender identity for each outgoing mail. ... Do you not TEST software before release?
The new icon is rubbish! Please bring back the old one. Just hoping the App isn't equally broken... time will tell.
This is still the best Android mail client in terms of features. I've tried a lot of apps and always come back to this one. Have been experiencing some issues with syncing, hopefully 5.4 has sorted that out. New icon is ugly, but not even close to as ugly and dated as the old one. To everyone complaining about the icon, use an app icon switcher. I have the phone's default mail icon in use for K-9 on my home screen, much less awful than either of K-9's terrible icons.
5 star reduced to 1 star.  It was bad enough when Ctrl-A would open the address book rather than Select All.  Now Ctrl-C is broken.  Rather than Copy, it pops up some stupid dialog about encryption.  What's next?  Will Ctrl-X summon Wolverine and Ctrl-V vacuum my floor?  Tried using the requested Bug Report site but that was just a jumble of developer speak and not at ALL end-user friendly.
Wonderful app,  used it for several years. But WHY change the cute icon we all love for the ugly blob in the latest upgrade? Please bring K9 back!
Great app, which I have been using for years. Deserves 4-5 stars, but I have to downgrade my rating due to the terrible new icon. I will be happy to revert to old rating once the old icon is back.
Small, fast, customizable, neat, user friendly, non intrusive, stable. But no spam control whic makes it half useless. Bad icon, as usual. Stay independent and thank you so much to all developpers.
Downgraded my rating from 5 to 3 due to the horrendous looking icon! Please change it back! Otherwise the app is great and works well for my needs!
Used K9 as my primary Android client for several years, and have been happy with it for the most part. Easy to configure, not a 'resource hog' and hardly ever encounter a problem. Doesn't seem to work perfectly with Google mail (some issues with keeping my mailbox synced across devices / messages not downloading to other clients once K9 has retrieved it, despite several times checking settings) but this is minor. For me, K9s biggest strength was as a simple to use POP3 client, which has become a little diminished now that many ISPs are no longer providing / have withdrawn email services. Despite these minor criticisms, I still prefer K9 over anything else on Android. I have to agree that the new icon is terrible - it looks like the naughty Coyote that would signal my game of 'Dragon World' on a BBC computer at school was over!
Great client been using it for years, would like to be able to print emails from it but can't have everything. New icon is absolutely awful by the way.
Another vote against the horrible new icon. Also the app doesn't display properly if you have larger font size set on the phone, the font size options in the app can correct some but not all of this. The annoying problem with Gmail being blocked on WiFi networks is still there too. Overall the Dec 2017 update seems to have made a few things worse and not fixed or improved anything. I hope this isn't a sign of the future direction.
Have used K9 for years and rate it very highly, but have to echo other comments that the new icon is horrible. Please return to the previous one.
the new icon is a bit cheap and nasty looking... LOL... who on earth designed it, a 5 year old?
Really not liking the new app icon. It looks like poor K-9 is wearing a blindfold.  The existing icon was great and looked good on any device.
Been using this client for over 8 years, never any notable flaws that weren't fixed quickly. However... New icon is very awkward looking and out of place
Infrequent updates. Slow to fix issues. Works very well and is simple. Desperately want to see updated look. Just a little more control over the colors or perhaps themes would be great.
Love the app! The new icon is strange and disappointing. Why do you feel you have to "flatten" it like everyone else? Old icon was cool.
Great little email client. Works well with Google and POP3. Please bring back the old icon though, the new one is awful.
Still the best email client on Android. The new icon is, well, just an icon.. but it is naff.
Not sure I like the new icon, but its mail functionality is great. I use it with multiple POP3 and IMAP servers at the same time without a problem.
The app is great. Used it for years with only minor glitches. The new icon is dreadful. I thought something had gone wrong.
With the newest version: [1] Somehow attachments stopped to work (fails to load). [2] Some mail bodies have empty content/body when mail has an attachment (succeeded to load). (Using with Zimbra) Red in your icon means some error there? ;-)
Greatest mail app there is... But I must add to the chorus... BRING BACK THE OLD ICON... One star for the new horrible icon.
Updating score from 2 to 5.  All bugs that I experienced have been ironed out. Much better email client than the original on my Sammy Notetab. I love the new icon it's better than the previous. Very modern design, love it. Happy New Year all.
Excellent... But new icon is very ugly. Please put back the old one.
The program works as required without fuss - but the new icon is rubbish. At least give the option to swap back to the old one.
LOVE THE NEW ICON!    Only joking,it's hideous. Will give 5 stars when you get rid of it.
Please, please, Please bring back the old icon. The new one is awful & the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5.
Still like the app, but HATE the new Icon, please give an option to use the old one.
Love the app. Hate the icon. New one is no better. Please let us chose something else.
Not digging the new icon. K9 does not look that way head on. Please re-tweak it/ or offer the previous one.  Other than that, it is a great email client with a dark theme option.
Love this mail client. But what have the devs been smoking when choosing this new icon? Please revert to the old one.
I used to love it. The last update. With the last update I can no longer see if my email is syncing or not because the new icon and account count is HUGE and I cannot change the font. The K9 icon account title section is rhe only area I cannot change.
Good email. Comprehensive setup. Multi mail boxes. Dark colour scheme. Easy to use. Can turn notifications fully off. Hate the new icon tho.
Great app with an awful icon. Can we have the old one back please?
It doesn't properly handle google 3rd party access (too many account access alerts). The new icon is FUBAR.
New icon is horrible. Can we have previous version back please?
Man, the new icon is disgusting! It seems something from a videogame from the eighties
Who on earth give an app 2 stars because of an icon change? Great app of you have multiple mailboxes and want your mail client running locally.
Was about to upgrade my rating (even though the main bug has not been addressed in 4 years - see Frank Vigil's review) and now you bring out this mess. What on earth are you thinking?
Already buggy, crash-prone app, now made ugly with a T-mobile logo.
The new icon is awful.  Please bring back the old one.
Works a charm - default. Easy to understand, highly configurable & many tweaks. Thanks devs & appreciated. ** +1 for original logo rtn ;-)
Just does the job, but new icon  is way ugly.
The functionality is top notch for an email client my only one gripe is the new logo not a fan.
I been using this app for years and have always been  pleased Until you changed the Icon...how annoying
Great email client, and devs are active and responsive.  I don't mind the new icon, the old one was starting to look very dated!
It deleted all my brothers inbox emails on my IMAP server, so need to look into new clients it's a shame been using this app for years i think with no problem until now, not sure if it was a dodgy update but can't take the risk.
New icon much better (more recognisable as a mail app) than the dogbot! An outstanding app... Everything the standard app should have been.
Easy to configure and use.  Very flexible.  I'll add my vote to those against the new icon. It just looks odd to me.  At first i thought it would have the envelope in front of it's face when I got new mail or something.
Best email app. Yet new icons are quite ugly. Otherwise well done. Thanks.
The new logo sucks. Sure, the mail works great. But the dog is iconic and you ruined it.
App is great. I will give 2 more stars if bring back the original icon.
I have tried to use k9 repeatedly(on a v20) and every time i do it says ioexception error 404 fix it then i will write a better review.
The new icon is awful. Please give me the old one back.
Once upon a time K-9 had the best icon in all of appdom.
Still using this app. Btw I hate the new icon
THE NEW ICON SUCKS!!! Couldn't imagine life without.
On my Galaxy Note 3, it worked great. But on my Note 8, whenever I turn the phone off and later on,  it remains "syncing disabled" [while my oth apps work fine].
Helps me organize my multiple work emails very well!
Another long term user 'Who' preferred 'the original you might say' app icon.
Nice app. Shame about the new icon...
The new icon is fresh and modern, now I'm not ashamed to have it in my home row :P Looking forward to redesign of the app itself. Don't listen to the naysayers, keep it going! I'm sure they're lots of people happy with the icon that are not not vocal about it.
Awesome, best ever. Been using this app almost since it was available.  Straight forward, feature packed, and not dumbed down, like many others.  Nice work!
I like it, but please bring back the old K9 icon from Dr. Who.
Thought the icon was pretty terrible before... now even worse!
You should block anyone who complains about the new icon
Love the app. Don't love the new icon.
Best app for imap and pop email, including gmail.
Upgraded on Note 8 and now the sync button is inoperable!!🤔
Have used it for some years on four or five phones, it is a well designed effective mail client and far better than the stock email client.
Please bring back the dog. I don't like the new icon at all
Been very happy with this one, it's simple and straightforward. New message widget is nice, but font size is a bit too large.
I miss the Dr. Who K9 icon this new one looks horrible the uniqueness of this app gone now.
How do I get the original icon back?
Simply the best mobile email client I have used. And I have tried many.  Update: I like the new icon!!
Thanks to the developer. This is a great independent app. Please take care of this jewel as you did over the past years.
Was für ein fürchterliches neues Icon. :-*
This is my prime mail client for years now. It is simple yet powerful and works like a charm.
You'll never use another email app. Simple, reliable and does everything you'll ever need.
It could be better if it support attachment compressing specifically images and format text bold etc..
It's okay but, the new Logo SUCKS. :-(
LOVE the app --  HATE the new icon :-(
Return application icon, please.
Please add password to avoid access of others. Thanks!
No notifications when receiving mail to subfolders.
Great app, love it. Please bring back the old icon or at least make it an option.
The only mail which support OpenPGP
Super great app, lots of features, very easy to use, better than Gmail
Thank you for fixing PGP on 8.1.
It's a great app! But what happened to the K9 iconic icon?
*sees the new icon* NANI?!
I love this app. Wonderful performance. Thanks to developer .
Awesome, used it for many years.
Good app secure & free!!
Best email client!
Latest update youtube emails no longer show images.  Best free one I've found for more than two email accounts. Good amount of customization and dark theme. Two requests: on LG V10 can't set a sepparate notification sound and can't add addresses to my gmail address book from (to allow always show images) inside the app.
After the last update: REALLYYYY? NO SELF SIGNED CERTIFICATES? NO EXCEPTIONS? NO PERMANENT ADDITION OF MY (free) CERTIFICATES? Can't say anything good about this so I will not say anything.  My previous review: AWESOME EMAIL CLIENT!!!! Keep up the good work and please put in the next updates a link or something where people can donate or somehow appreciate your awesome work!!!
Won't sync with my Gmail accounts over open wifi networks. Every time it tries to I get a security alert and a recorded login attempt from somewhere random within the United States. This does not occur with my other non-gmail account. This issue has persisted for a year and has never been fixed. I put up with it for a long time, but now I'm switching to Blackberry Hub, which handles Gmail just fine. No other email client I've ever used has had this issue with Gmail.
Have used K9 for years and loved it.  Now, as many of you I have the sync disabled amd emails dont get pushed through unless manually do it.  I rated it a 2 in hopes that this will be fixed.  Would love to keep it over others but it has become a deal breaker.  Fixing the battery optimization has not worked.  I am on the S8+
Always loved this app and gave it five stars, but now Push mail only works if I manually refresh.  I depend on not having to manually refresh day and night.  Had to install Bluemail, which handles Push mail beautifully.  Update: Push mysteriously started working again.  When it works, K9 is still the best.  But now I'm keeping Bluemail on my overworked phone in case K9 fails.
I've been using this app for my non-work Gmail account. The huge benefit of K-9 over the Gmail app is that it doesn't link messages. However, it is not reliable and fails to collect all gmail message, no matter how much prompting is given (missing messages can be seen in the Gmail page on the PC). Gmail app is cr@p, but at least it is reliable.
Pretty basic app, used it for quite a while.  Fine when it works but too many issues.  Syncing is unreliable.  Emails occasionally just disappear, nowhere to be found, after working on them for lengthy periods.  The forum to address issues is also the worst in my experience, no search function to search for solutions.  Looking for a replacement mail app.
Fantastic app, but recently stopped polling for new mail in the background for me. Very occasionally works. Always polls immediately on opening though. Moto G4 android 7.0. Was supposedly fixed in a release - but it isn't. Blacklist capability would be good addition  but know there are technical complications with this.
K9 Ver 5.208 Samsung S7.  Been using K9 for several years on older S4 device, loved it.  With newer android K9 will not reliably get email.  Mostly I have to manually request it.  I have tried several of the claimed tips to fix it. I had hoped the claim of the problem being fixed for this version was true.  Nope, after a couple of days use, not fixed.  I'm tired of fighting it.  I really wish it was fixed but I'm wasting my time with it.
This is the best Android mail app. However one annoying tiny bug is that messages don't auto fit on my phone. Even with the option selected, it still does not fit (width). Not sure if this is an Android issue or with the app. Also it rejects my gmail from a random location. Have to keep authenticating every time I wander off my Wi-fi. Very frustrating.
I have used K9 for quite a few years without problems - and it used to allow more than one server and worked flawlessly - until 3 weeks ago, when it stopped being able to send emails. That highlighted 2 serious issues: 1. It does not indicate whether emails are unsent, and 2. Outbox and Sent mailboxes are not included in the top left mailbox list, so unsent messages are not easily noticed.
I used to use this app for all my emails. It has been great. Recently it keeps telling me not able to sync. I also lost the feature where I can click on a phone number in the email and it will automatically copy it to the phone dialer. Now I have to manually copy it and paste it into the phone dialer. The most disappointing thing is that I emailed for support and not a response or acknowledgement from them.
Top-notch email app, supports all standard expectations of an email client and OpenPGP encryption from multiple providers as well. Hopefully will eventually add PGP/MIME support, but this is currently my only gripe.
No-nonsense software. WYSIWYG. Gets the job done without the usual song-and-dance routine that you get to see on other software. Wish other tools were as clean and powerful as this. If you cant connect your Gmail account, then blame Google, its not the fault of K9. Oauth is perfectly secure.
Worked fine up until last update. Now keeps crashing every time I try to compose an email (usually in the middle of it) without saving the draft. Really annoying.
I got this app to consolidate emails and to get away from Google. But Google is listed as one of the authors! Anyway, 2 stars because a day after i got this app one of my emails blocked a sign in attempt from San Francisco. No other changes were made to the emails besides deleting everything after creating email backups. Seems like this app caused a security issue.. Nothing is safe
Been using K9 for some time. Use to like it. Then it quit showing new emails coming in unless I pushed(?) it. Now it won't push(?) new emails at all at any time, so I have to do it manually every time. Didn't want to give it only one star, but cannot figure out how to get this fixed. Even went into the links they ask you to try before giving it a low rating. Couldn't figure it out. May have to go to another email server.
I did like this for basic email checking. Had it set up the way I liked. Then I made the mistake of letting it update today.... My display settings are screwed up now. These people don't know what they're doing. Not even any contact link to email them that I can find. Don't waste your time on this.
Seems good in principle, but stops syncing so I don't actually know when I get new mail. Kind of defeats the point. Googling suggests people have been having this problem for months, so it seems not to be just me or a temporary glitch.
Free opensource software, no ads, very fast and useful, with lots of configuration you can edit. Very good support for gmail and other e-mails. Strong recommend! The best e-mail app for Android I ever tried!
Brilliant app. Easy to use yet had powerful advanced features of you want them. Not most intuitive though if something goes amiss. Hasn't failed me yet and world highly recommend
Edit: You changed the icon to something quite ugly. What happened? Dr. Who conglomerate send you letter of cease and desist?  Been using this app for several years. Proffessional quality and features. Recommend for proffessionals and advanced users. Does everthing fast without the glitz and bloat of other clients.
*EDIT!! Moderately new bug!!!!!* Usually LOVE this app - ALL I use, for MANY years ... but major problem with last update!! Outgoing emails will NOT send unless I'm on wifi (3G and 4G working fine, but emails won't sent, get stuck in outbox until wifi goes on (getting notification saying problem sending this email). Usually goes out perfectly fine once on wifi. This is a NEW problem!!  ****I'm hoping the makers will see this review and fix this*** PLEASE!!??
This is by far the fastest mail client I've come across. If you want something fast and reliable, this is the app for you. The only downside is the UI which is not attractive in my opinion.
I don't know what happened but suddenly my Gmail account won't authenticate. I didn't change my password and I am allowing unsecured apps. So it must be a bug in the latest update. Too bad. It was good until now.
I've been using this app for a very long time on multiple devices, but now on my Note 5, it goes into Sync Disabled mode all the time. I've tried researching it online and have tried everything with no success. Probably need to change to something else. Too many choices out  there to have to deal with this problem. Too bad.
Update 3... Now crashing almost every time I delete a message either from within the message or from the lost of messages.   Update2... Fixed link clicks so they work. Good for most part but seriously annoying when on a daily basis it randomly turns off sync so messages stop being deleted on server.  No reason why, just stops.  Don't notice till you log in via web and see that hundreds of emails that you thought were deleted are all still sitting there. Waste of time
Thought I'd have to give up on K-9 Mail after using it a long time when I got the Samsung S7. I was also getting the "Syncing disabled" and imap push was not working. Tried all the suggestions I read. What finally worked on this phone: settings, apps, special access, optimizing battery usage, show all apps, check k9.
Once an excellent mail app for IMAP connectivity.  Highly configurable, yet simplistic - until Android 7.  Even with Doze / Power Saving exempted or disabled, K-9 no longer reliably refreshes email.  They've had months to resolve this but apparently don't see it as a widespread issue.  There was a bug opener against it but it was "locked" with the notion that it's Android's fault.  Considering many other email clients have and continue to function, this is simply untrue.
This app is better than the stock Samsung email app for POP3. For example it can display message headers and set up alternate identities. It works on older email servers with EHLO issues.
Still some cosmetic UI bugs in each release, that shouldn't have made it past alpha testing, but no real "showstoppers". Personally, I will not be upgrading beyond .208, as the developer has lost the plot with his new icon design, and seems to ignore bug reports that actually require work.
Amazing. I hate the gmail app, this is my permanent replacement. Gmail doesn't understand "folders", the "label" system is terrible. This is a great way to bypass all that BS.
Great, long-standing email client. Has served me well for years.  Only gripe is occasional false notifications. But that may be partly due to my mail server.
After many years of using this app, dealing with the syncing disabled problem, I'm done. I missed a very important email. Moved on BlueMail.
Hasn't worked in months. I used to rate it 5, but now a 1 because it won't autosync. What good is a mobile email app that's 4 hours late in showing emails?
Been using K9 for nearly 4 years now very user friendly and has performed all what such App should have. However, right now it allow mail movement to another folders within the same email ID but it would be better if it allow mails to be able to move from different email ID. K9 team please consider as many folks out there believe is using more then I email ID
Used K9 for many years but now notifications totally not working on Android 7 Galaxy A5/2017. In spite of settings configured to notify of incoming emails. Have to dump this and use Gmail app, which notifications work ok.  Latest v5.208 still not working properly. There's still no email notifications when any email comes in. The only way to know if there's any new emails is to manually open the app.
I've loved K-9 Mail for years, but I cannot tolerate the "synching disabled" problem any longer.  Having combed through forum after forum, and trying every proposed solution (which others are also saying no longer work), I can honestly day that the app has failed.  I really hate to say goodbye to this old friend, but it's clearly dead.  RIP, K-9 Mail.
It was very good till this past month, when every time I begin to type in an email address, after the second letter, I get an exclamation mark and "error parsing address". I deleted the acct and installed it again, same thing happened.
Can't pretend anymore damn it! The icon sucks, either choose another one, a freakin' better one or simply bring the old one back!
Used to be the best mail app I used but it's quite buggy with Android 6+... Major bug is syncing is erratic - sometimes works, sometimes doesn't unless you disable battery optimisation for the app to exempt it from Doze. Minor bug is sometimes old read emails gets marked as unread. Some aesthetic update wouldn't hurt like some icons.
Had to reduce from 5 to 1 star: K9 no longer shows my full IMAP Inbox. For example of the 10 messages, it only shows 6, missing the recent ones ((
Great that i finally decide to drop Google even it try to block K9 signin as insecure Apps!  It free me from Google strangling ransom. Whenever i disabled some bad GPlayService battery draining components, Gmail stop working. When GPlaystore erroneously not working, req reset Google acc, clear cache, which wipe all gmails & contacts. Sync again mess up contacts & waste data, as Google also sync everything, backup data, fit, people, picasa, calendar,...bye bye GApps.
New icon sucks. Unable to show email adresses with names. Notifications work fine after user excludes app of android doze.
It has stopped syncing with my Gmail account, so it's basically useless. Tried reinstall, reboot with no luck. Other clients seem to work, so it's goodbye I guess
Used this for years, unfortunately on Pixel and Android 8, I get regular crashes now. Can crash randomly in background, or more annoyingly, when composing an email and you lose it!
Save an email as Draft it saves as completely blank. Folder shows text, but on opening it's blank. Basically, you have to get the email right first time.
Best mail app out there! Stupid icon, in my opinion, but I call deal with it.
Primitive. Too slow. Takes you back to 70s.
Good app but it seems to have serious problems with iCloud. Gmail works great apart from sent messages don't show up sometimes.
Not the simplest but a great, private email app which is not a scam. There are a few shady email apps on here but this is very legit. Yahoo and gmail accounts can be added but it's more difficult to do than just putting your email and password in. Yahoo must have less secure access enabled (and my goodness they will try to tell you frequently that isn't a good idea) and gmail needs an app password to be set.
Would be a 5 apart from the new icon.It's not because of the new icon it gets 1 it's because you have put the new icon in previous releases that had old icon.5 soon as old icon comes back.
Very convenient, stable, easy to use app, compatible with different e-mail providers. One feature I miss is the possibility to choose exact days, e. g. just the weekend, for Quiet time. Would be nice to see it in future updates.
Have used and enjoyed K9 for several years but cannot continue because PUSH does mot work and there seems to be no progress to a solution.
Used to be good but now keeps crashing after upgrade. Sad because I really did like it.
I've been using K9 for over 3 years now,  as a POP3 client, most recently on my Samsung S8 and have found no problems at all. Nice little app has all the features I need including the setting of an alias return email address to my domain account.
Excelente app para email. Já usei muito. É robusto e eficiente, mas seu design parou no tempo. I love it
Emails are marked as 'read' once opened, but revert to 'unread' if I download the attachments. Galaxy S3.
Very good email client. I have probably used a dozen different email clients under Android. This one is the best in terms of speed, features, and sheer ability to handle an industrial strength needs. There are clients with slicker interfaces but those tend to fold up under pressure.
Brilliant. Just found K9 after much frustration with a few more well known email clients. Fast and very configurable. Well done.
The only one you need! it doesn't treat you as a stupid user, it is fast, stable, open source, easy to use, capable of multiple accounts. The best app for emailing
I've been having a problem in the last few months with the app constantly crashing when composing emails (and also after sending an email).  Have to start over and hope I can finish before it crashes again.
Please add per account network background activity. I have 4 emails but I need every 20 min check for new email only on 1 account, but not on the others.
Used this app for a few years and it started acting up today saying I put in the wrong login for my Gmail account.. Not interested in searching for solutions.. It worked yesterday.. Doesn't work today.. Uninstalled and switched to mailDroid
Had to go from 5 to 3 stars.  I can't seem to fix it.  I get notifications for old mail often. This leads me to think business issues long close are back and causes some stress and surprises.  I may need to strike out and look for another app to try after many years with K9.
Paid for kaiten before K-9. K-9 app is lightweight & elegant. K-9 had same look and feel as Kaiten, which was great but won't update to modern Google authentication standards (OAUTH)! So when I travel on trains/ferries etc my technical location could (and would) vary rapidly according to Google and block my login as suspicious. The first 3x it happened with my 4 accounts I freaked, changing all 4 acct p/w. Until I realized it was THIS STUPID APP using archaic security methods. So after many many years, hoping K-9 would adopt the current approved login authentication but refuses to so...K-9 has to go! How I knew it was this app was based off Google's provided info (MAC address) and time which was ALWAYS my phone and always when traveling on trains/ferries. Sorry, but NOT sorry.
Used to have problems with synching the device after 'idle' mode, but I could always force it through manually. After last update, synching works on Gmail but my Hotmail account won't even manually synch anymore. I'm over it. Time to find another email app.
I just wanted to warn users that I spent an entire flight writing emails, saving in draft, and then when I landed and reconnected the app crashed and I lost them all.
Why am I being asked for a linking email and its PASSWORD?  Too many problems creating an account. Tutanota doesn't ask for a connecting account.
Has gotten WORSE since the last update! Takes FOREVER to both open the app and when going from one email to another. It's VERY annoying! And still no print function! I found that very strange and would change my stars in a heartbeat if we can get a printing feature in this app!
Crashes all the time when deleting messages via the long press context menu
First rate much better than the packaged android email client. Does exactly what it says it does. Highly recommended  Started using k9 way way back and it's still by far the best email client for android....and now using it on my Chromebook which is now using android apps 😀
Like the program and look of the layout. Working on Android Nougat, Moto G5 Plus. Even though I have all 3 email addresses set to always fetch email, it never does. Always have to go in and sync manually. Needs to be fixed, please.
Worked for a couple of days, then google started whining I have to login via web page and change password. Uninstalling.
Google blocks the app, because it is outdated or has known security problems. So I cannot even use Gmail. Useless.
One month in, no issues. This allowed me to finally rid myself of the last Google product, Gmail. Phone runs seamlessly now, without having to allow ridiculous permissions like body sensors and location.
Long time user now sick and tired of the app constantly hanging and crashing
Star icon is covered by the scroll bar, so I always scroll to unwanted location when trying to change the star rating.
Hello its good app so far, but it have formatting issue for mentioning number is shows " if support lists the  end if"
This app has become useless with the new version of Android.  It does nothing but crash
Impossible re-file messages from "deleted messages" folder. That's pretty annoying in case you accidentally deleted one.
New icon has too much red "in your face" and gpg encryption support is completely broken.
Very simple yet powerful email reader. It integrates also with installed GPG providers for email encryption and signing.
sync doesn't work with my xperia xzp when connect to wifi. it always said sync disabled. please fix.
All okay... But I just dont like the new logo. Far too much magenta!
Very flexible in tuning but eats the battery. Samsung S8+, while all apps are battery consumption is 0.0x, this app is 1.8
I generally prefer open source software, but crashing regularly on a Nexus 5x is forcing me to move on after many years.
Google blocks sign in because it is appearantly insecure.
I've been using K9 for years. I have seven email accounts and it handles them all flawlessly. Overall, one of the best and most used apps on my phone.
Current version has problem with syncing! No incoming mail notifications at all!
Will you look into the nougat version For this app, sync is disabled all the time as it needs manual push..
It still doesn't sync automatically I'm Android Nougat.
Used for years on old phone. Have new phone on android 7 now no notifications despite reinstalling
This is the only email app for android as far as I'm concerned! I especially love the gpg support.
Used to be a great app, now adopted all the same look as other apps (lost night mode) and doesn't seem to work my gmail without triggering Google security alerts. Was a great app. No longer. Uninstalled.
With latest update don't always get prompt to save drafts and they are not saved automatically.
I can't find a way to print the body of an email on my SG4, only attachments . Since latest update sent mail is not synchronising with my PC.
Besoin récup mail office 365, test autres clients, ouf office 365 en pop3 possible -&gt; je garde QUE k9!  et j'ai le sourire :-))
Lamest app icon yet app is SO much better than others... most customizable... most free
Fast and simple.  No bloatware bells and whistles, it just does its job.
Does everything I expect from a fully-featured email client. Even more importantly, it's free and open-source software!
Been using this for 5 years & has never let me down. I use it for three accounts, 1 pop, 1 imap and 1 Gmail. Elegant and simple.
Not bad, but doesn't cope well with forwarded emails from some older non compliant clients
Sill says syncing disabled after a short time just like before.
Was great but now having issues sending out emails
K-9 mail is actually quite good, but doesn't do oauth2, which is a deal-breaker for me. If it can't do oauth2, I can't use it.
Awesome.  Open source. What's not to love.
Unfortunately it doesn't poll for new emails in the background even with battery optimisation disabled. Have to manually sync each account.
not working synchronized last days...
Even after latest update, it isn't fetching mail until I tell it to. Background sync is set to Always.
Worked well for over a year and with my new Samsung J7 sync continues to be disabled. Going to uninstall now.
Well-supported email app - bugs fixed reasonably quickly.  Easier to configure than the default Android Email.
Sync problem on idle. Please fix.
It does everything I want an email client to do. What else is ever to say?
Supports everything I could possibly want while being incredibly efficient and staying out of my way!
No push. Trash app now.
Does not send e-mail (using hotmail)
I want the old icon back!
Best email app I've ever used. Very light and fast with the small size app. Thanks and keep updating this app
Frequently uses more power than even the screen.
I am not receiving mail updateds from app.  Pls do the needful.
5 stars for 100% free abd open source app, excited for the new design!
Error: forced closed
Have used this on my S4 for a few years with five gmail accounts and it's been flawless
Didnt connect to exchange.  Needs work.
Like the app but not the icon
Legend. Legend. Instant email notification. If you need an app that rings instantly when someone send you a mail - this is what you need. Legend.
Is it possible to send email using IMAP ?
we need a modern email app with PGP support, redesign the UI at least
Best free software email app
I can trust this app with my important emails
Sucked.. Couldn't connect to anything
I think its the best webmail client after gmail
Is very good this ap is very very good. And is simple tu youse
Brilliant except slightly buggy with htc 10 and nougat
Very nice.
Works well.
Love it! Simple, plain, small just for me
Still my favorite free email app
Works as should great mail app
Stopped working
Solid app
Best email app for most servers!
Simply Superb Feature Rich App... 👍🏻
Excelent e-mail app
I really like K9 mail!!
Impressive email client for free
Awesome and  dope email app
The best mail client
The best Android MUA
Very good mail client.
Cool email client
Woking good on oneplus3t
Simple and light
At first appears to be a perfect solution for my multiple IMAP needs, folders and searching are great. Functionality is perfect.   HOWEVER, the are major issues with polling continuously that need to be fixed.  Polling locks up and syncs continuously draining the battery and data.  Fix this glitch and I will reinstall.
It used to be the app would store several copy of a draft, copies of a message to the point it was annoying. Lately it will display my draft message and I can see a few lines in the preview. However, when I open the message the body is gone.
K9 was one the best mail app but Android Doze in Android 7 made it unfortunately unusable. Polling and push mails both don't work anymore even if you exclude the app from Doze. Google overdose the battery saving and K9 got killed by it. :-(
This is a very easy to use app. I have had no problems using it and haven't noticed any glitches or bugs.  It's a great alternative to Google's email client that comes with Android, for those of you who are concerned about  privacy online. I love the fact that it's open source but I don't know if the code has been thoroughly audited. Having said that I still highly recommend over a proprietary email client.
After a long time of great results using this app it has now suddenly become useless! Permanently stuck "upgrading database"  Even now 8 months later the latest update still has the same unfortunate results!
Earlier I gave this app a bad review because I thought it had bad support for bottom-posting.  Turns out that I was missed the "Sending mail" menu in "Account Settings".  Some things I'd like to see: 1) Something in the blurb on the Play Store that this app supports real bottom-posting.  2)  The /more/ proper quoted text prefix is "&gt; ", that is a greater-than followed by a space.   3) When I have "Reply after quoted text" checked, it would be nice if I could see the bottom of the quoted text while I compose my reply.  Perhaps toggle between current behavior (composing on top, yet showing up on bottom) and this suggested behavior.
I like this program,  it has been very stable for years,  however after upgrade to Android 7 the ringtone has broken and now it nolonger auto downloads mail,  this is a key feature so am disappointed . I can manually download but this is not so good I expect to be told when I got mail..
It just works. I've been using K9 for over a year with three email accounts. It's never crashed, and it's always worked. I like it better than my laptop email program.
The UI looks extremely outdated and can be pretty confusing, but the app is open source, which means that it’s more secure than any other non-open source e-mail application. If you really care about security, use this app as your main e-mail app. Otherwise, I don’t recommend it. Keep in mind that if you use two-factor authentication, you need to use an app password (google “gmail app password”). By the way, another thing I don’t like about this app is that it won’t show notifications in a pop-up but rather just shows them in the notification bar.
It's a good email app esp if you use pop3. Only downfall is that it only let's you keep messages on inbox for so long.
It'd be great if I didn't have to open the same email multiple times so the ap can flag it as 'read'. Also, having to check if each written email gets sent by checking the contents of the  outbox, and then selecting 'send all' because it wasn't sent, is getting really boring.
Still have sync issues since going to Android  7.  Worked great before   Now l miss email because  I  have to manually sync.   SUCKS
Used this app for years. It was good then became very slow and useless. After the current update, it works again. Fast now!
After 3 updates I still can't download messages which I search for on the server and fall outside my sync period. Why does a sync period prevent manual download of individual messages?
No nonsense layout, easy and intuitive to use. Works better than Gmail for me. And no ads, brilliant!
Been using K9 for years. Lately it seems the app will poll endlessly in Air Plane mode. You would think the app would see there is no connection. The app shows syncing disabled, but in the notification area it keeps trying to sync. I have to kill the app or reboot when this happens.
Great email client. I love the configurability of the message list. Preview lengths, gravatars etc. Works flawlessly with OpenKey-chain for email encryption.
The only mail client on Android which is good enough for daily use. Permits lots of configuring to adapt to personal needs.
I lose everything if I try to save an email as a draft.
Easy to use, without unnecessary things. Doing exactly what is designed for.
Wish it had a "select all new messages" to delete spam easy
Still the best email app in my book.  Wish you could get a truly integrated email app like this on pc.
How can you print emails as pdf files. Can't find any print command. Great otherwise.
Email to field sucks. Cannot copy paste addresses as text anymore. Not from the application nor to the application. Please revert to old good plain text addresses.
Great email app. Normal traditional interface. A little on the slow side but stable and competent. Best I've found.
Does pretty much exactly what it is supposed to do. Excellent.
Lately it doesn't check for messages in the background. Or even when it will go out of background mode after a longer period...
I love the efficiency of K9 Email
Is there anyway to backup all the emails through this app?
Won't let me sign up when you entered info.
Really would rate 4.5 stars. 5 if it had capability to block emails from certain senders.
My goto email app.
App doesn't sync at all with Hotmail or msn email
K9 is simply the most customizable and powerful email app for Android plus it is open source!
Can't configure a gmail account on k9
Needs a Rich Text Editor for message and Signatures.
Been using your app for several years. Really like it. PLEASE FIX SYNC DISABLED!!!
Use very low data and secure
It just works well.
good app. search is not working as it should on imap folders
Great app. Works will all my multiple accounts
awesome opensource email app
Err.... was Excellent, but NO ICON TO REPLY TO MESSAGES ON S3 TABLET!!!!!
Work well. All that can be asked
when to integrate TTS?
Update (June 2017) stopped synchronizing.  Lowered my rating, but not yet uninstalling. /// Update  (Dec 2015).  Still by far the best email client.  /// (2013) I have used K9 for several years for my non-gmail account.  The current official version is 4.409, and it is excellent.  However, today I installed the latest version posted at the K9 Mail developer's site, 4.512, and additional improvements make this email client stand out by some distance.  Even in comparison with Gmail.  Wow!
Encryption features get better. One important one missing though: Should allow to save messages unencrypted if the server is trusted.  This option is crucial for more user friendly work.   Also: opening messages got quite slow since some updates ago.  If both issues were solved it would be 5 star!
Little problemette since phone updated to Nougat, K9 keeps showing Syncing Disabled.   Have to maually synchronise email . Pity, as Iove the app. I've, been using it for several years on a Samsung SIII,  Sony Z4. Not found anything that gets close to it for versatility and functionality.         .K9:  V5.206      Android: V7.0      Samsung Galaxy S7
I've used this app for several years and the fact I could easily set it up for multiple self hosted accounts was initially what drew me to it.  Lately I've noticed all too often connections are not released on the server end and due to that ill have to ditch K9 for something else. If that issue could be resolved I may come back
Since updating this app in mid July 2017, there have been several occasions when a message has not been sent by the app but the app has not kept a copy in the outbox, so only after checking with people have I become aware a message was not sent.  This unreliability is a serious flaw.  I had not experienced it in my5 years of using this app up until mid July 2017.  Please attend to this failure.  If it happens again I will migrate to another email client.
There is an error showing in attachments and in Text messages too. The attachments dont open and text messages dont appear properly, the messages are in Some software language. The attached file also shows as "winmail.dat" file. Off late k9 mail is not doing good. If not rectified soon, will shift to other App.
A few annoying quirks, but good overall. Messages from yahoo still show in the count until deleted from the page and I would like it to start in a folder view. A few other random issues here and there, but not so often that I can remember what they are right now.
I have a problem. Before when you deleted a message or you moved it to another folder. You could then view the message properly in that folder. In the last two versions you cannot any more view properly messages in another folder if you added one unless you resend that folder from scratch which is very annoying.   So the application got recently a lot lot worse..
Not the best, some weird design ideas have been implemented. Where's the empty trash, or spam. Selection looses the read/unread visibility, makes it hard to distinguish one from another. There should be swipe to delete or mark read, etc. Other than that, it reads emails ok, has great level of detail for headers, the choice of colors is questionable and wpuld be better if I could select my own bg/fg for any content. Notifications while useful, don't work properly, as mark as read or delete buttons never actually do anything. Hope it will improve.
I could live this but every now and again it stops working due to authentication problems.  Today it happened again with one device working fine whilst the other fails authentication.  Had enough as to reset the setting all over again is not made easy on this app.  Any suggestions as to a better App welcomed.
The scroll bar on the right overlaps the message stars, which makes this app unusable if you need to star and unstar messages. Is anyone from the K9 project using their own app?
I can only say yes to the should questions of Google app review. Anyway this's the way for your phone to be healthy. If you want to edit texts like making bold or something then just copy paste from other apps like Evernote.
Bug: The notification icon does not go away when I open or delete emails.   Put the attachments back to the top of the email as it used to be. Prevents unnecessary scrolling to end of mail.   I want to use the dark theme but then all colors in emails text are gone. Not even negative colors; only plain white text. Not useful. Please fix.
Will not let me set up gmail accounts. Not even using manual setup. Tells me my username or password is wrong; it's not. No problem with setting up yahoo accounts though.  Turned on Allow Access settings in Gmail. but k9 still can't get past the first stage of set up for it
Doesn't handle Exchange accounts very well, if at all. 4 years ago it wouldn't add my work account, and now that we've moved to a new system it still doesn't work. Very disappointing.
Works great with Android 7.0 after a few setting changes.  Go to your phone settings, look or search for battery setting, next look for optimized battery usage, now scroll down to K-9 Mail and make sure it is turned off, now look for your default application settings and set K-9 Mail as your default mail application, if your having trouble setting it to your default mail, install "Default Application Manager Lite" from the play store and it will set any of your application as default.  Now K-9 Mail will automatically sync when screen is off or on... Enjoy!
New update has been performing great,  Best email app I've used! Keep up the great work!   Previous: May the requestor for this feature forever be bombarded with pop ups to confirm every action ;-) ps would appreciate zoom back. Move attachments back up like every other email app!
The new update causes the mail not being retrieved.  Twice now that I had to open the app and click refresh.  Then the emails show up.  Please fix my favorite email app.  Thanks.
Latest update makes it a PITA to get my mail. It says its "loading" them but it just hangs. Tough to be more useless as an email app really. I gave 2 stars because I used it for years and has always worked great. Uninstalled.
July 2017 update: Still crashing frrquently. I have sent dozens of crash reports. Most often crashes when reading email and rotating my phone from portrait to landscape. With certain emails, problem is repeatable every time.      Wish you could move an email between email accounts. Long-time user but frequent crashing has caused me to switch email apps. :(
Worked fine for years. As of most recent update, no more push emails, I have to actually start the app and then force it. Always displays syncing disabled no matter what I do in the settings. Really sucks because this was always the best email app. It is useless right now, and I will have to use some other app that isn't as good if it doesn't get fixed. Are you listening?
It finally got so bad I had to go to Blue Mail. It works great. K9 stopped pushing, no notification sound or led.  This was on both the LG G5, and Galaxy S8. K9 just does not work any more. I used it for years then it just crapped out. What happened?  I would love to know how this went from one of the best email apps to one of the worst. Just look at the ratings.  I remember when it had like a 4.8. Now it's junk. Use blue mail. Much better.
Very good email client! FIX FOR "SYNCING DISABLED" :   It's caused by your phone battery management that kills the poll. Go to your settings, search for battery management, and look for k9 and define "ignore battery optimization for this app". This procedure may differ with other phones but the problem is caused by this.
I really wanted to like this. Unfortunately it is unusable. Insisted on downloading my entire POP3 account. Never made it to 2017. Now it will only download 6 messages at a time. It will never make it to 2017.
I like K-9 Mail, but the latest update to ChiaraMail just blows it away. The new UI, server-side search, ECS support... It all adds up to a cleaner, more full-function mail client.
I've had trouble since the last update when I try to choose a key for signing and encrypting emails. K9 simply fails and goes back to the place it was before I tried to choose the key. Fix THAT and it is a 5 star program.
Dear Devs. Thank you for reminding of animal cruelty. I will donate if God willing soon.  Please add personal email signature support and K9 ends all competition effective from moment I can send a professional work email.  Thank you very much.
Update: it became so bad after updates, very slow downloading new mails, crashes when deleting mails, reply rarely works. Now uninstalled and using a different app.
Great, light weight email. The one thing that would make it perfect would be an easier way to select multiple messages. The current method of having to use the drop down to select each is time consuming. Thanks for the app.
I know Hotmail/Microsoft seem to be having server problems, so I won't blame the slowness on K-9. I just think Blue Mail has better features for me, so I'm switching.
Disappointing decision to move to the new Gmail-lookalike way of displaying email addresses, this broke ability to cut and paste a list of email addresses into the client. How do I turn this off? Not needed, not helpful. I use K9 because it's not the gmail client. How is it helpful to display just the first letter of an email address? Can you go back to providing an alternative please?
Would love to use it!! Unfortunately k-9 has problems with my exchange mail accounts. Can't register, although I use exactly the same parameters as with the stock mail app or even others apps I tested (gmail, outlook,..) Just k-9 can't handle it :(( PS. Please also rework your logo, design. Thanks!! ))
Working yesterday, not working today. Nothing has changed but now says passwords not recognised. This is the second time this has happened. Probably going to have to delete it and try another app.
Had this since it first came out and it has been great until Android v7 now it constantly keeps having synching disabled. Even tried white listing in doze and that didn't fix it. Is it game over?
All you'd ask for in a basic, reliable package.  Truly wonderful email app is clean, near idiot-proof and the closest thing to an essential download, particularly if you've many accounts. One of the best free apps ever devised, it's also remarkably lightweight and easy going on resources, thus even the most basic smartphone or older device remains an able email hub. Thanks, devs!
Lately I've been having issues where it won't push emails for hours. I'll try to manually refresh and it shows there are emails but it won't "grab" them. I have to uninstall the app and reinstall monthly. Looking for new app.
Sync with mail server has become dysfunctional since latest app update. It will start sync and stay stuck in sync mode until I force stop the app and restart it. This has rendered the app useless. Worked great for past 3 years now it's a wreck!
This email client offers some nice advanced configuration options and it is open source, but like so many open source projects the user interface undermines all the back end magic. The UI is so terrible here that I find the entire app unusable. Uninstalling and now in search of something that was made for use by people other than the developers.
My big issue is how much time it takes to delete all the junk and spam in my mailbox and server so I can get down to the important stuff. K9 is by far the fastest email client I've ever come across. I am deleting every other client I've got and going 100% K9. Great product for those in a hurry who don't have time to wait for endless handshaking and password foulups.
I love this app, and mainly use K-9 it to quickly analyze message headers, which is very helpful !  However starting from some earlier release it became a challenge to scroll message header text, since even very short delay after touching screen make app to understand that I want to make text selection. Please revise and improve message header text scrolling. Thank you !
Quite good. Pity the scroll bar and star overlap so you scroll fifty messages down when you try to star one. Why do new versions get delayed on Google compared to F-Droid?
I can not send any emails from the app. I get incoming mail but anytime I try to send an email it fails. Not sure why would love this app if i was able to use it for replying to my customers.
The most serious independent e-mail client for Android. Great design, flexibility, intuitive operation, great with notifications, lots of preference settings. This e-mail user agent is your old trusty Cessna.
Was a great app for years across many phones. But its broken on Android 7.x.  App lost ability to check for new email. Please fix & I'll adjust rating.
It's great when it works but every now and then I get sync errors or I'm able to receive but not send. Currently syncing fine but haven't been able to send mail for over a month now. Very frustrating.
Love the features and flexibility, particularly for managing several different email accounts and being able to NOT have to use conversation view.  However, the app periodically stops working. How is that possible? Runs great for weeks, then suddenly it stops syncing. Or starts throwing authentication errors. Or, randomly hangs and consumes 30% of my battery.  I clearly don't understand app development because what should be done is the developers fix the bugs and then simply stop. Don't do anything else after that. Have a great new idea? Call it K-10 Mail and let those who need changes for the sake of changes over reliability download that.
app consistently keeps on notifying me that a new email has been received but the email is an old one and reappears as unread and new. very confusing. i have mistakenly replied to emails twice which were days, weeks or even months old
I also had a problem with my emails not showing up in order or in some cases at all after the update. I uninstalled the app and reinstalled, setup my accounts again and everything is back to normal. A pain in the ass but it worked.
I have used this application for years and loved it. Unfortunately with the syncing disabled issue popping up on my S8 and happening continuously I can no longer afford to use it. When it worked it was great.
Many features, few if any bugs.  Highly recommended for anyone who appreciates functionality over attractive but daft interfaces that have become so common.
Have been using this simple but well-crafted and quick email app for several years and find it most handy on the Android phone. The price is right too (grin).
As much use as a chocolate fireguard. With a poor data connection it just sits and spins for ages, draining the battery,  then silently gives up without reporting an error.
difficult to use. no feedback mechanisms. not easy to edit or add new account
Possibly a good app if it was dragged out of the stone age. Exchange 2010 is only 7 years old so far but unusable on this app - gotta be taking the piss
I've used this for years and it was great, but for months now it's had problems with syncing being disabled. I can't wait any longer for someone to decide to fix this.
EDT: since complaining it is no long notifying me of emails, it has no started notifying me of every email that comes through on my junk email, the only one I don't want it to tell me about every email! My important work emails are still not coming through. The whole thing has just got worse and I am currently looking to switch to another app after years of using this!   Have used this app for years and loved but recently it's stoped fetching my messages and I'm  missing important emails I need for work.  Please fix or I will have to go elsewhere.
Have used for a few years and loved until nougat update. Now it won't synchronize.  Hate to leave, but can't find any solutions on help pages.
Been great until three days ago and it just stopped working. Rebooted phone. Reinstalled. Nothing. It goes to load messages from hotmail and the progress wheel just spins and spins...nothing.
Been using​ it since the very beginning of Android and while I've often looked around, this still remains the best email app for Android. Everything available for free, highly customizable and it's open source to top it off. Easy 5/5.
Stopped autosync after the last update. Rebooting phone restarts it, but who wants to do that multiple times in a single day. I'm seriously looking at alternatives. Pity, as I've been using this app for years.
Brilliant email app. Recent updates fixed the few bugs it had... it's now working perfectly for me. Certainly the best email app for multiple accounts that I've used.
Stopped working...no push. Been brilliant for ages but now have to go to app to get mail. Become a pain in the bum. Please fix it.
Effortless encryption when integrated with Open Keychain. I adore the night mode & color marking by the arrival addres. Haven't run into trouble with it yet
Same problem as others here: syncing does not work correctly. Pity ... but look in the GitHub bugs: a sort of solution seems to be dialing battery optimization for K9. Waiting for a better fix.
Used this app for years and Removed K9 Mail and using Blue mail now. K9 does not work well with gmail I will send email and the sending notification with stay most of the day and then I have to go back and force a sync to work.
Ever since nougat update the app disables regular/active polling. Has to do with battery management and the doze functionality within the OS. K9 is aware but going on for several months without a solution. Probably changing apps.
I love that i can set custom notifications and can delete all 3000 emails at once. I also love the easiness of maneuvering through it. EDIT: after Nougat i can no longer rely on K9 as syncing somehow seems to be disabled. I've been missing a lot of important emails due to it. Had to uninstall
I am also having the sync disabled which very scary because I rely heavily on the this app for quick email push notifications for work please advise how to enable again.
Great for Android 6.0 and earlier, not so good for 7.0. Does not fetch mail consistently, have to do a lot of manual refreshing even with power saving turned off everywhere. Trying Aquamail, so far it updates as expected.
No support. I have sent emails that have gone unanswered. Mail doesn't always send. I've been using k9 for years but I've given up on the random fails of this app and will go to outlook
Testing it sends two emails out for each email you send.  I have no idea who it is shadow copying all outbound emails too - I will have to do packet inspection to see what is going on with  hacked K9 mail. Do not download it, and do not use it.
Used to be the best and only. Now it's slow at opening emails and unforgivably so. Otherwise it's a delightfully simple app with some nice options available.
This app used to work great, but now it always says syncing disabled even though my settings are set to always sync and poll every 10 minutes. Please fix.
Fixed the hotmail problem. It's all good now
Not sure if it's your fault but encryption doesn't work if I don't choose a key for the account but if I choose it encrypts to that key not the target email address' key!...
Nice app but the 'syncing disabled' problem others are reporting is a real pain and seems to be random. Would rate higher if i could fix it.
I have been using this email client for years without any problems. The latest update seems to be a battery killer though. I hope they fix it soon or I will need an alternative.
Suddenly with the S8 I can't import settings. Constant errors. Wyatt a pain to have to enter all my accounts manually
Why does K9 mail enable all its  autostart entries by itself?😈 It's very annoying issue. I think I should be uninstall it.
Was great when it worked but will no longer sync. Shame as I will have to use something different now.
Used to work great. Sending email via wifi has become a problem. Works on mobile but not wifi
Perfect e-mail client for multiple e-mail accounts and use as my alternative client when travelling.  Most important to me is the ability leave messages on the server after deleting them from phone.  That way, when I return from travels and turn on my home pc (my primary e-mail client), all messages are still there to download to pc storage.  Easy to set-up and easy to use.
I like this app. But i miss something. When you read a message there are the following buttons: previous message, next message, delete, reply, new message, additional settings. I prefer a "move button" instead of the "new message button". The new message options should be an option at the additional settings button.
Continues to disable auto sync multiple times a day. This is making the app useless.
I found this to be a great app. It was solid. Updated all other online accounts as I deleted or moved folders. The encryption was good. Worked fine. It held multiple accounts easy. But it is not for novice users. The visuals are basic. But if you can get beyond that and you feel confident in manual setup I would give this a try.
Sadly, server-side search is glitchy. Otherwise, a decent "traditional" MUA. :)
Recent releases sync is unreliable and app locks up sometimes.  No support.  I'm planning to go to stock app.
The frequent 'syncing disabled' is ANNOYING! Have to constantly force stop the app in order to sync.
The app is excellent.I had a lot of problems with Gmail app and Yahoo Mail app, they failed to send messages with large attachments (over 4MB), the message get stuck in Outbox.K-9 fixed that issue, and I use it with my Yahoo account.Just uninstalled crappy Gmail app that came as bloatware.
Constant "synchronisation disabled" renders this app useless for me. Worth every cent i paid for it, though.
Arguably the best email client out there for Android, still needs a filter option to automatically delete spam and emails from known rouge addresses but apart from that it does what it says on the tin.
Put back the attachment below the addresses - from the end of letter...very irritating to scroll down for it...
Decent simple interface, manages complex imap folder structure, not fully reliable in refreshing from imap - which means missing some messages.
Great email program but needs to help stop spam. Lately getting tons of spam and cant seem to stop it
Syncing Disabled bug is back with nougat and makes the app unusable to monitor email. Don't rely on k9 mail if you are expecting something important.
Often can't read bodies of older messages (even after a "fix"). Search of older messages is pretty awful too. And no way to report bugs from inside the app, so the developer could reproduce them? Looking for a replacement...
Not sure what's happened but can't see attachments from senders anymore so can't save or open any files. Please fix.
Nice free app, but does not autosync. Also seems to occasionally send out duplicate messages
Last update destroyed everything. All deleted emails keep popping up (5400) taking all my mobile space
I hate the new advertising line on drop down menu when I mark emails.
I like it but for me there is one big fault. It doesn't also notify me of new emails.
Good email app but I can't find an option to include yourself when you do a reply all.
Has gotten better.   To really shine, it needs a custom auto-responder (not just a global vacation responder) added.
Doesn't get any better than this, for Android mail clients.
Ever since the last update .206 "can't connect to outgoing server". This makes it useless.
Email texts not showing properly after recent update
Exporting settings - then "failed to import any settings" on another phone. Switching to another app.
Rubbish. Seriously outdated and way too cumbersome for an average user
the attachment indicator is moved to email bottom, very inconvenient when the email is long.and we dont know there is attachment
Ever since newest android update sync is disabled most of the time. Randomly will work from time to time.
single email app thats reliable, material version from f-droid is nicer though
Please fix the push issues on Android 7.0; a manual check is required to get mail. Thanks.
I've found the solution to the "syncing disabled" issue that some people have been experiencing on Android Nougat.   On Android Nougat there are 2 processes that restrict apps and put unused processes to sleep. First is "App Power Monitor" which is a Samsung feature that puts apps to sleep that haven't been used or accessed for a while so they don't keep running in the background consuming unnecessary battery power and memory. This is the one that most people seem to know about and have tried but without much success. This is because there is a second, albeit very similar process that is actually causing the issue.  It's something called called "App Optimisation" which is a built in Google Android feature designed to put certain apps to sleep or (Dose) when the phone is locked for a certain length of time so it doesnt wake the phone up for example while you're asleep.  It is this that's actually stopping K9 Mail from syncing. I have a feeling that what is happening is, the sync process is being put to sleep after the phone has been locked for a certain amount of time but upon waking up the phone, the sync is not being switched back on again.  To solve this issue, go to Settings/Device Maintenance/Battery and click on the [Battery Usage] button next to the estimated battery life %. Now on the battery usage screen click on the top right menu and select "Optimize Battery Usage". Here you will see a list of apps that are not being monitored. As you will see, there is a warning message at the top of this page saying that "optimising apps that rely on sync data may be affected" which is a big clue why your email client might not be syncing. You will also interestingly see that the built in stock email app has by default already been made exempt (not optimised) so clearly it is not meant to be switched on for email applications. So let's go ahead and turn it off for K9 Mail.  First, click on where it says "Apps Not Optimised" and select "All Apps" from the drop down menu. Scroll down until you find K9 Mail from the list of available apps and go ahead and uncheck it. Now when you go back to the pull down menu and select the option to view 'Apps Not Optimised' you will see that K9 Mail has been added to the list of exemptions and therefore background sync will not be put to sleep.  This should resolve the issue. Since I have done this my email has been working fine.
Love this app, only one feature i would request, the ability to set alarm alerts (long rings) for specific IMAP folders receiving mail or specific sender addresses.
Can not log into Gmail, no matter what I try. Tried different accounts, all IMAP and POP3 enabled but always unsuccessful.
If android mfg and K-9 would keep each other informed, this would be a #1 program instead of a #5
Good for interfacing with different mail services, very good pgp. Only withholding the fifth star because I have to enable sign only every time I send.
Google refuses to connect my account with the app, thus rendering it useless.
So slow. Renders effectively useless
Very good app, if the developers'd like to add new function, I'd like to suggest preset answers.
Great email client. Anyone else having no notification sound after upgrading to Android 7.0?
Please develop backup tool for pop mail data which is residing in phone so that we can move these mails to another device  without loosing it.
Super excited to learn and use this NEW APP. Thank you. I Believe in you. Everyday is a good day.
Doesn't synch.  When reset, same problem happens...over and over.
Stable, reliable, robust e-mail client. An added bonus is its GPL license.
Please and a timed feature so a message can be sent at a date and time set by the sender.
Good app and big + for it being open source, but the lack of multi message select puts me personally off :(
Was my favorite but stopped syncing
I've used K9 email for quite a while and I am very satisfied with the performance that I have received it's a very useful app thank you.
Loved this app before, now  not getting email in good time, keep saying syncing disabled?
Nice enough mail app but every so often they release an update which deletes all your local accounts.
Like it , this app does not marge your other mail boxies and does not interfere with browsers . perfect !
Suites perfect mobile e-mail management needs.
I generally like K-9. However, I am not getting notifications and the email is not downloading hourly as requested.
S6 with Android 7 update, can no longer auto sync...
Can you create new folders, like one for important emails you want to save and quickly refer back to?
Do the job really well. Let you the control. And FREE AS FREEDOM.
Despite wide acclaim, it never integrated with APG to let me read encrypted mail.
Fix the Nougat doze issues!
Great integration with OpenKeychain and Orbot. The UI could do with an update.
Must have, i used this mail apps and can handle 2,7gb of email and still going
Good email app. I've avoided updating since it works as is.
Email communication on mobile devices is good because of K9 Mail.
Why has each folder got it's name then it's name again in brackets? What's that all about?
Badly need a update 🙄
Syncing disabled - you have to manually check the mail. Please fix it.
One of the best IMAP clients I've ever used.
The design is strange, but the application is the best!
Need to have ability to move or copy trash files back to inbox
Very bad with a low option
Interface looks old, but it works better than any other app. Congratulations!
Great, works good with GMX. I love it,!
superb: flexible, configurable and let's me see all my accounts at a glance.
Syncing disabled problem.
Not synchronizing on Samsung galaxy S7 Edge
Auto sync does not working.
Would be great if I can delete email right away from notification.
Doesn't get emails on Huawei p8 lite 2017. Have to manually refresh.
Change for the sake of chance errodes goodwill. Changes without tests is foolish.
Good flexibility for the parameters of the server. I managed to setup this client for an unconventional server setting.
I have 5 accounts and I find it works well for me without complications
Still can't connect to gmail
Doesn't allow me to sign in..
No push mood (automatic)
Supports encrypted emails. Thanks
This is almost perfect except it doesn't have inbox rule
flexible, configurable, awesome.
Can't save attachments
Best free software for mail
Simple but powerful! The best email client.
One of the best email collectors I have found.
Gr8 App  when space on Tablet = Critical, Recommended!!
Best email client for an Android device. Clean and efficient.
Simple yet Enough..
I like it . Works great with Openkeychain and Ciphermail.
The only and the best, highly personalisable, perfect
Simple, functional, minimal permissions, no bloatware!
Best mail client
Its good apk without ads
Great email app in the world!!
Great little helper for pop3.
no spam list.
ok
Love it! 💟
Great!
(K-9)
Great
👏👍👌
Use to love K9 Mail.  But ever since about 2 updates ago, I just can't take it anymore!  It takes like 5 seconds or more for the email to display after you attempt to open it.  There are some other small annoyances with the latest version also.   Hopefully they'll fix the issue but until then it's another all for me.
I've been a happy user for more than 6 years, but my love is gone! Agree with all the recent reviews: since the latest update this app is behaving terrible! Very frequently emails are simply not displayed: one has to close and reopen the message to read the text. Notifications are not cleared when the app is started and the mails are being read! Using OnePlus3, with Android 7.0. Guys, fix this quickly or return to the previous version!
Been using this app for years and have loved it until this latest update. It's takes forever to check/download emails, locks up when searching and it drains my battery like crazy. Never had an issue before this update. Running in Galaxy Note 5
Really wanted to love it but last couple updates really screwed it up. HUGE lag when getting emails, date sorting is wrong, crashes when adding attachments to emails, sending errors.. all basic email functions that should just work. Sorry
Was the best email app I know for Android, and I've used a few. But since v5.xx it goes worse and worse every time. Latest 5.02 version broke email viewing. Plus zooming. Absurd how it's even tested. Being free doesn't mean of low quality, but lately K9 email means exactly that.
Great email app- been using it for ages. Two minor issues I have: one, I'm *constantly* accidentally dragging the scrollbar in the messages list. I don't have this issue in other apps so it seems the behavior could be better. Second, in the recent update, when reading an email with an attachment, you have to scroll all the way to the bottom to see the attachments. Used to you could access them easily from the top. Hope to see this change reverted. Thanks
I've been using K9 mail for a long time. When I am forced to change Gmail PWs, I have to uninstall & reinstall for the app to work right.   Also having issues with sync suddenly being disabled on accounts.   No way to contact developer anymore and app has become a pain in the a$$ to use.
Can't see attachments!    5.203 has two big problems. Messages load slow, real slow. And the attachment is now indicated at the bottom of the message not at the top.  So you can easily miss it. This is a deal breaker for a default email client.
Please let me disable the pop up asking if I'm sure that I want to mark all messages as read... You have options to disable confirmation of other actions, and now you add a new one, annoying as hell and don't give us the option to disable it... Great work QA team...
If you have several different email accounts e.g. hotmail gmail yahoo this is the app for you.  Latest update can forget read messages e.g. it might decide a couple of previously read mails are unread. This continues to be faulty.
Loved it for years. Hate it since the latest update that changed how notifications work. They used to go to that account's inbox, which automatically cleared the notification. Opening Unified Inbox cleared all K9 notifications. Now they dump me into Folder View, and opening folders doesn't clear them. Horrible UX compared to before.
App was very good but now it deletes my emails. I have deactivated the mark as read, and deactivated the sync options.. But still I have 2 different devices that whenever I check my emails, some of them just dissappear which is a MAJOR DEFFECT. if this is not corrected ASAP, I will no longer use it.
I really like this app and have used it for years, however the recent update stopped clearing notifications when emails are deleted.  Small, but annoying.  Also, images now take forever to load regardless of connection speed or type.
Last update fixed most of the zoom issues, but it still persists. Not all emails can be zoomed out unless all the pictures are loaded, which I quite annoying. Some other emails refuse to be zoomed out on even with all pictures loaded.
I will give 5 stars when you fix this so I don't have to keep closing the email and opening it again to make it actually display on my screen. Really annoying.
This app is good. Two problems: first it has lost draft emails (ones I have drafted on PC, then opened in app to send and found no content or attachment - very bad as they were work emails. Second, a recent update seems to have broken notifications so that opening the actual app no longer removes the notification for new emails, even if you have read them.
Love it but after the latest major update the sear g is not working as before anymore. Hit the search and app freeze.. black screen some times And our ask to close or wait other starts with about 10sec delay then searching in server takes a lot time (before everything was fine). I miss the delete button for all mails in the notification bar. Android 7.1.1 Nexus 6p.
Latest update has resulted in html files that were once perfect are now shown as separate headers, images and text. Shame as it was brilliant b4.  Still crap after many submissions pointing out the problem.
On Pixel XL(Nougat 7.1.1 Jan 5th Sec patch), the automatic Sync is not happening at all. Even with the Network setting set to 'Always'. The message at the top shows Sync Disabled. Annoying.
I use it for few years already. App eating my battery in 8 hours. The problem was with trash folder. Probably bad index after the update. It was impossible to just empy the trash. I delete few of them and finally was able to emty the folder. Developers tolerate deleting more than marking all messages as read. User can disable question for deleting, but not for marking them as read.:-? I use it as last operation after read some messages. The rest is ok with just reading the subject.
Was a wonderful app until  v5.203.  "Upgrading database" has been running  for  30 hr and running  down my battery. The app is using 400 MB of data and 15 MB of program space. Avoid this update if you can.
Used to love this app, since the last major  update emails take over 1min each to open, imagine checking 60+ emails per day like me! , when I check and clear emails it doesn't clear the app notifications any more. Android- Google Nexus
Used to be great, but ever since Android got up to version 6 and now 7, K9 has an awful time syncing on schedule. It will go days sometimes never checking email unless you manually go in & do so. Unfortunate.
Has been happily using this highly customisable app for 3 years, now too many bugs. Sometimes emails not sent, stuck in outbox. Old mail downloaded repeatedly, causing huge data traffic.
I used to love this app but last couple of updates have made some really annoying changes. Have to scroll to bottom of rcvd email to see attachments, some emails will show in inbox but when try to open K9 closes down, sync doesn't seem to work properly now, will go hours without getting new messages and loads come in together, and pictures in mails don't always show properly. Please give me older version back, I used to love it!!!
This app was great for pulling my multiple email accounts together into one place. Unfortunately, it had some problems with battery drain and hasn't had many design improvements.  I have moved on to a better app.  Thanks for the many good years, tho.
After the latest update,  even once the app is opened the notification in the notification panel still remains.  That needs to be cleared manually.  Once a mail is moved to trash it cannot be moved to inbox again.  Besides these issues it is a very good app
Favorite email until started having problems with not receiving email unless push the manual syn button. Not sure why but it seems to time out after a period of time. Change the settings and works for a few days then same problem. Hope it gets fixed soon.
I've been using k9 for years and have loved it,  but the last 3 or so updates have been horrible. Slowed the app down, and caused often crashes.  I'm going to find an old version until this is resolved.
This used to be a great email client.  Removing the ability to auto-sign-only email was draconian, and uncalled for.  Moving everyone I know to a different email client.  Would have gladly paid $5 for a version of K9 that allowed to auto-sign-only.  Good bye Dog Walkers!
Since Marshmallow upgrade, fetching is sketchy. I got a full day's mail at 2:30 am when I set to poll every 30 minutes!
Used to be good. But for last few months keeps going to a sync disabled mode and don't get emails unless I manually sync. This happens on multiple devices i use.
Love this app except since the last update it has a  bug. When you open an email it won't load it until you back out and reopen it. Annoying.
After last update, the message zoom priblem has been fixed, so as I promissed, I'm ranking K9 as 5 stars again! It is the best email client for android. Thanks for fixing the issue.
Now that it supports PGP/MIME, it gets 5 stars! ---- Previous, outdated review: It does what it says. For me, it works best with OpenKeyChain. No support for PGP/MIME yet
Used to be the best, but the server search function was never really working. Now searching even emails in the inbox is not even working anymore.  Too bad
Good email app. I'm curious though why it no longer auto-fills or auto-suggests email addresses? That's annoying.
App has become a joke Messages take forever to load since last update they used to load instantly. New update still same problem.
Latest updates is causing the app to constantly crash on my Samsung. You can't compose an email as it will crash while you are doing so.
This is the SECOND time that an update deleted all my account settings. Many thanks for the tedious work. Looking for something new ...
Used to be good but it won't update my mail even after updating its last showing the 5th Jan and nothing after that and I have plenty new emails even tried clearing cache. Force stopping etc so I'll look for a new app
As of 10/2/2014 this app is unusable.  All I get are cert errors.  No way to get it to stop.  My hosting providers cert does not match my domain name, but most email apps allow you to ignore this.  Not sure if this is related to the error I'm getting but it went from working to DoA after installing the new version.  Had to uninstall it and look for an alternative.
I thought it was doing okay,  but Keeps crashing. Reduced rating down from 4.5 to 2.5. :( I'm Not willing to send report  because the Report button doesn't allow me to see what's being collected and for me to choose or approve.    I greatly appreciate being able to export settings, & receipts, & many other features.    Other than the need to fix crash problem,  I can only suggest 3 things:    1. Allow messages  to be date grouped in the Inbox with header title being a date;  like the way the default /stock email app does it on Samsung Galaxy phones.   2. Allow to only download headers;  again like default email app.   3. Allow emails to Not be synced/stored on phone.  Especially when setup as an IMAP connection.
Keep getting authentication failed messages on 4 different accounts, they all work fine when I click on the message and hit next to authenticate. Otherwise 5 stars but last update broke something here.
This app used to be great but recently has gone down hill- crashes about twice a day, takes forever to process requests, eg to open a message.  Also crashes when deleting messages.
Recent updates cause search function to go black and freezes for about a minute, then results show up. App is then a slug until I manually end it.  This app is not what it used to be
Excellent app, now fully working after latest update and a reinstall. Not sure what was causing the previous failures/IO errors.
Edit: Still using K9 Mail.  The most annoying thing about this app is deleting multiple emails.  Rather than press and hold to enter into a "select mode" where you then tap all your emails you want to delete, you have to press and hold each email and choose "select".  This takes ten times longer to simply delete multiple emails.   It's rather painful amd annoying.    All of a sudden I could no longer send email, only receive.  I went to the server settings for outgoing mail, and clicked next and immediately got an error.  I didn't notice at first, but after the update, www was added in front of my outgoing server.  removed the www and it worked fine as it should.  Thought I'd post this in the review section in case others come here with the same issue
Not playing nice with Nougat. Goes into syncing disabled. Thought it was an app power saving feature of Android. Still occurring with power saving completely disabled. Was flawless in previous Android versions. Galaxy S7
Can't create folders or save messages! Don't waste your time, you'll eventually have to switch to something else. Everyone needs to save some important messages in a separate folder where they won't get deleted while cleaning up the inbox.
This app used to be good on the S7. However now constant sync disable messages show up and are you there have to force close the app or turn off the Wi-Fi and then turn it back on to refresh and get new emails but who wants to keep doing that all day. Also blinking light notification no longer works unless you use sound or vibrate. Due to all of these issues with the application that I can no longer recommend it to anyone until they get fix it
My favourite email app since day one on Android. Unfortunately tho, a recent update puts attachments at the bottom of the email and you have to scroll forever on long email threads to get to the attachments. Bring them back to the top please!
Little things keep breaking. Certificate errors seem to be fixed, but now I can't mark an email read from the notification panel.
Supports push notifications over IMAP and PGP encryption. No OAUTH support yet to keep gmail from nagging you about "less secure devices".
Used on S3mini for 3 years, S4mini 3 years,  now S5mini, Works well on all.  Shame no 'Swipe to Delete' tho'.
I've used this for over 4 years without any problems, however since the latest update and Android 7 it constantly stops syncing! I've made no changes and have managed to get it syncing again by changing the poll frequency but without warning it stops again?  I found K9 when my stock email failed to cut the grade and this problem has forced me back only to find the stock app on Samsung is much better, so sorry K9 you've dropped the ball and I've been forced to move on.  The syncing issue is all over the internet forums so it doesn't look like much is being done to rectify the problem. I may be back one day but I suspect not soon.
Great application. Just icon logo of application you cannot tell that is email client. Seams that ist is a game or smth.
I've been usinh this since the start, but the last update really need some fixing ASAP!!   The attachment need to go back to the TOP not bottom, why would anyone wants to scroll all the way down just to view the attachment?   Second, the loading takes more time just to read email.
Great privacy oriented email client for all your email needs, even though the ui is a bit bland, k9 mail ticks all the checkboxes for a practical, functional email client for Android without invading your privacy
Used to be great, until the new update. Notifications are segregated in which every email is listed out one by one as opposed to emails received under one account.
Auto sync is permanently disabled after upgrading to android 7.0.  Checking background sync to "always" doesn't work.
Get a lot of 'Failed to send no SMTP' messages. This is frustrating enough but since S update when message fails to send it doesn't stay in outbox to retry, it just disappears and have to rewrite. Tried to report on github page as requested but couldn't find it.
Used to be best mail app... Now it's so annoying and often makes my mail account locked
Definitely a must for people who maintains more than two email addresses. One good thing is that when set up properly, it downloads the contents of your email locally - including the attachments.
Latest update is useless, pinch to zoom doesn't work, crashes regularly and runs ridiculously slowly please fix it urgently.  Ok pinch to zoom now fixed. Still running like a tortoise and crashing all the time.
Good and simple email app. My main problem is, when use this email app is sometimes unstable (connection between app and email server).
I updated yesterday and now my business yahoo email account can't connect to server and will not recognize the password. I've been using K9maol for 3 or 4 years and now I'll have to drop it. Hopefully, K9 makers will help me after seeing this message.
One of the first android e-mail clients I ever used and it has grown better with age.  Thank you devs!  I now have all my e-mail accounts on one app, my way, and it's fairly easy to export and import to my myriad other android devices.
nice app. 1 usability suggestion:  the option 'select all' (messages) is currently in a submenu - how about moving it to the head bar to have it directly available - thx
Love the app.   One feature request: Auto compact all folders from settings or some other form of database maintenance option.  Also: A simple way to import account settings from a Thunderbird profile with  a unified inbox.  Many thanks to dev community!
Can't find the bottom bar that contains the buttons to reply etc. Is it with me only?       Another: I couldn't see my newer emails. Although, I receive notifications, but they are not in the inbox. So I cleared data and logged in again and it worked.
Last update introduced a bug whereby the the email title/navigation bar is sometimes blank, making the app unuseable. Will need to resort to Gmail if this doesn't get fixed soon. Nexus 7 Android 4.4
After update, could not even FIND attachments at the very bottom of the email.  Why, oh why, did this have to change?  Please put attachments back at top!
Great application. Please add junk - spam filter
Bluemail app far better.  k9 has horrible support
UPDATE: It's been my favorite mail client for years, it usually just works once you've set up everything. Perfect for IMAP. Though, with Android 6 you have to manually exclude K-9 from battery optimization, else it will stop receiving new mails. However: Ever since a recent major update, they changed parts of the GUI. In message view, attachments are now displayed at the very bottom. You have to scroll aaaaaaall the way down to even notice attachments. So easy to overlook, and to accidentally delete a billing mail because the first few lines looked like every other spam email. What were they thinking?? Give us an option to switch this back!
Great email app replacement for CloudMagic/Newton. It works better infact. Highly customizable. Very fast when you choose correct sync settings. Push works brilliant for all my accounts (Outlook + Gmail)
Since one of the latest updates it crashes quite often, but DEFINITELY DOES NOT LET ME TO DELETE OR MARK READ FROM NOTIFICATION. Samsung S7
After recent updates,  Mark read in notification does not always work
Been using this for a couple of years now and it always delivers. Simple interface & plenty of settings. Keep up the good work. Edit: today's update now includes the mark messages as read without confirmation box!
Great imap client with everything I need (including selecting multiple emails at once and viewing full headers). Also very fast syncing. Open source is a bonus too.
For years, this was the best Android mail app available. It's unbelievable how the current developers have ruined such a fantastic email utility. Many of the old behaviors have been modified to work in unintuitive ways, demonstrating a lack of basic user ergonomics. The Unified Inbox in particular is a catastrophe. Now, unread messages show before read messages regardless of date or time. Read messages do not show at all (they completely disappear from Unified Inbox) UNLESS YOU READ THEM WITH ANOTHER CLIENT (such as your desktop PC). If you read a message with another client, it will appear below the list of unread messages, completely out of time/date order. The Unified Inbox worked perfectly in older versions, but whoever has been modifying the code for this section of K-9 is essentially incompetent.   There should be settings to configure the Unified Inbox behavior back to the old method if a user prefers that. It is after all the reason most of us switched to K9 in the first place. But the current behavior of showing messages read on another client in one way, and messages read in K-9 in another way, is just extremely poor development, and it needs to be fixed.
Is anyone having issues connecting to verizon email using pop, ssl, and pw? Issue started last week.
K9 mail screwed me.  I made the mistake of accepting the latest update.  All my old emails are gone from my device.
Great app, love the encryption options, but that app icon? Seriously? So ugly :D
Really pleased to see feedback is responded to. Back to my favourite mail app
I've been using this app for years.  Recently the notifcation action "mark as read" doesn't eliminate the notification as it used to.  It still does mark as read in the inbox, but the notification doesn't go away, and I have to manually swipe it away after clicking mark as read.
Not able to send messages, always gets an error if socket session time out
Ugh app update lost all account information. Seriously?
Fantastic app. I've used it for years and it only gets better. It's flexible and does exactly what it should without clutter.
Thanks for the fix.. Pls fix the bug for all attachment to show on top of message and not all the way below message
Won't delete emails from the servers anymore. I delete an email from my phone but when I go to my email online they're all still there. Also, won't delete from the pop up anymore either. 🙁
After update many email unable to see and read texts missing content
One of the best free mail clients for me because:  * no ads  * doesn't require any suspicious permissions  * works fine * all of above you get for free
This app definitely is one of the more feature rich and advanced email apps out there! I can actually do what I need to with this, unlike all the "simple" and "elegant" apps.
I've been using it for a while just stopped working for some reason
K9 used to be a very good app. Now it's very buggy. I'm dumping it.
It stil has sync problems, only works properly om wifi and it looks like this error nerver has been solved :(
Reliable open source software, doesn't spy on me like AquaMail and TypeApp does,  and has GPG integration and support for multiple personalities on different domains.
Stopped syncing after latest nougat update....
Great app, but there is no way to import and export settings.  They claim that there is, but the button  you are supposed to press to access this option does not exist.  I'll be looking  for an alternative  app with a dark theme.
Really pleased with this app. Needed a mail app that supported email aliases (from alias is different to my sign-in alias) as well as IMAP compression protocol feature.
I had used k9 for many years as there wasn't another email client nearly half as good or efficient, but the latest update has introduced a number changes that make it significantly slower to use. Bring back the "mark all read" in notification pull down, and let us disable warnings such as confirmation required to"mark all read" in main window. I think these two things will cost me half an hour a day managing my email on the go, that is 3 weeks in a year, I will check back in a few months if these are back. Update 5023 improved and fixed a few things, notification area still needs work, it's hard work trying to get the right message to show the options so you can delete or mark read when each has its own set of options and even Gmail doesn't split the options or message, change for the sake rather than good functional design, thanks for listening on the other things though.
This is by far the best Android app for email. I managed multiple accounts smoothly and can even read and send encrypted emails.
Want an analytics free and reliable email client full of features, well designed and regularly maintained? Look no further - this is the one
Read great reviews online about how secure this app is privacy-wise. But I use Hotmail and K-9 doesn't support that. Maybe you'll have better luck.
After nougat update it's almoust unusable
your read receipt is not working anymore please fix it and notify us.
Impossible to delete trash in bulk.
Thankyou for the quick fix to the previous update. This should be a paid app
Wanted to use OWA... But it failed
Free mail client without ads. Very usefully, and stable, but not supported the two factor autentication.
One of the easiest mail apps to use. It could use a little face lift (Blue Mail is a good example).
Please add option to sign unencrypted e-mail by default!
I have configured gmail account but I can't add second account such as Hotmail. No help or instructions available how to add second account. Uninstalling.
В один день перестало принимать почту -   IOException: readStringUntil(): end of stream reached
Great mailing app! Highly customizable and pretty reliable. Thanks for the great work.. Oh and its open source..!
Thanks for fixing bugs and zoom from last update!!! Back to great.
Used to be the best, but now it's become slow and unstable... Switching to another client
Keeps saying sync disabled
Used it for years, wouldn't use anything else.
Developers have done an amazing job addressing bugs.   First class app.  Can't live without.
so many people rate this app.... couldn't set up one account... uninstalled
Thanks. I love it!
Since update the folders just keep getting bigger and doesn't delete emails fully
Best email app there is. crazy fast.
Latest update fixed zooming in a message!
Great app, great performance and features
It will not let me sign in to my gmail.wy?
Configurable, nice layout and no extra crap
No notifications in Nougat Please fix this
One of the best email clients but just needs a material design update and swipe added.
Please allow backup and restore
I've been using it for three or four years now. Love it. Great mail app.
How do I stop the 'Syncing disabled' message?
Good appp. Get rid of the Android image on message click event!
Great, simple, functional, and properly free multi email client. Well done Devs.
Thanks for the zoom fix!
It does the job!
Dark theme everything, love it!!!!
Would not set up.
Easy to use. Allows aggregation of multiple email accounts.
Awesome mail client. Lots of options , no bugs so far.
It just works
I agree with Leah.
Useful, and unlike Gmail has the read receipt option!
Great app with tons of customization. Very good!
Бриллиант!
Doesn't work properly with corporative gmail
My favorite email software for mobile.
I am a developer....
I love it it has great screening
Life's good
Best email client for android
Simple and easy to use app...
Works perfectly for me
Best email app
Trusted reliable
Excellent
Great
I have added an email account that I don't have access to anymore, but I'd still like to have the emails available. Therefor I changed the account settings to never poll the server. Since the last update this doesn't seem to work anymore. I am constantly reminded that the authentication failed. Can you fix this please?...still not fixed after last update. Will give it 5 star when problem is removed.
The new version is noticeably slower than previous versions.  It lags on button clicks, and message text now fades in slowly.  This is with gaudy effects turned off.  However it's still the best available android imap email client.
5 stars prior to latest version - now 2 stars. The latest version introduced many bugs. You can no longer zoom text. Delete a message causes app to crash. Scroll to previous message causes crash. It seems to always end abruptly. There are probably more problems, but I don't want look for them.
In Accounts when you select an individual account options pop up. I used to select "clear messages" to remove all local messages, since 2 updates ago this has ceased to work on both my phone and tablet. Appears to do so but size does not reduce. Tried to find link from K9 its self to report but end up with host Github. It would be good to be able to report errors from app without spoiling feedback for this great app. Back to 5 stars when fixed.
After last 2 update,  I can't pinch zoom in and out?  It is difficult to read without this functionality because I have reading glasses and sometimes I reply on big text to quickly read without glasses.  Secondly,  why the attachments are down there now?  It used to be beginning of msg.  Now have to go all the way down to see.  Unnecessary waste of minutes.  Please correct both.
I have been using K-9 Mail for over 2 years due to being stuck with POP3 service on Verizon, and K-9 Mail has increasingly tended to freeze up and sometimes crash; after the update to the latest version available on January 3, 2017, it stopped working entirely.  It also sometimes loses messages in composition without saving a Draft.  Switched to Blue Mail, which is missing some features important for POP3, but at least works.
I have been using K-9 mail for many years.  Everything was good but the recent change of putting attachment to bottom of email is very disappointed (in the past, there was a button on top of email to see attachment).  A lot of times, my daily email has long chain.  After the recent change, I have to scroll the email to very bottom to get the attachment.  It wastes time and it is a VERY BAD idea  and VERY BAD change.
Android 7.1.1 -- app works great when charging; syncs perfect, notifications removed from status bar when emails opened, etc.  However, when not charging sync constantly disabling, notifications not removing from status bar when emails opened, etc.  First time user of app and like the look and customization options however the syncing issue is a problem.
I've been using app for years. Loved it. Now deleted emails don't clear from db. Database just continues to grow. Will have to find new email app. Too bad.
I really love K9. I used TypeApp for quite a while and actually would recommend it above all the other email apps, except this one. Once I installed K9 and synced my mail it was so easy to see all the crap that needed to be cleaned out.  I also love the simple, some would say "outdated", interface. PLEASE DON'T CHANGE IT!
The pinch zoom has stopped working now after new app update. Why spoil this function when it was working fine before. Also problems logging in to IMAP mail now using SSL/TSL security which I never had on previous releases. If k9 works ok before then don't fix it and mess it up!
This was a really good app but it has recently become utterly useless. I thought it was my domain having issues but checking on my PC's and other devices including checking via Gmail it's clear that it's K9 that is broken. Please fix it
After the update I lost the settings of all of my accounts, and now I have re-enter them. No, sir! I prefer to switch to another app and start over.
Was working fine but now it only sometimes updates the inbox with new emails after polling and pinch to zoom doesn't work properly any more. It really only now works on text only emails.  Very disappointing.
Version 5.202 has no way of zooming into an email.             After using an earlier version of K-9 for about a year, I replaced my S4 with S7 after damage. The New K-9 ver. 4.803 does not have a way to auto wrap an email after zooming and increasing font size. Once you double tap, the old ver auto wrapped the text. 4.803 version just zooms in and out.  This is key to my productivity reading emails as now I need scroll rightand leftafter zoomingto read.... and this should be fixed by the developers ASAP
They turned a pretty good app into a pile of garbage with the 5.202 release. Now messages take 6+ second to display each time. Used to be super quick. Too bad.
Ruined a really good app.. Was best mail app for years but recently updated and it's terrible now. Why would you change things like read all confirmation, and it won't clear notifications from notification bar now.
I choosed storage "External", however all data are still being stored on local storage. Maybe it would be best solutin to let user to choose exactly folder where email data would be stored. My local storage has capacity 4gb only and with all apps installed included emails my free space is cca 300mb - result is that whenever i want to update any app, i have to do cleaning cache and other data. Installing k-9 app on local storage is off course OK. The concern is email data only. Anyway, very good email client
Super app, no more messing about with Google Mail. Wonderful..... BUT, latest update is a disaster - cannot receive emails, I get "ssl protocol exception error". No advice how to correct. Time to move on to a different app I think.
Latest update is very buggy, & doesn't seem to be getting addressed very quickly. Taskbar notifications rarely work anymore when deleted or marked read. Also buggy on deleting messages.
No crashes ever until 2017 updates now crashes every 30 seconds. Cannot read a full email before it crashes. Please roll back to 2016 and test before re-updating!
Buttons like Mark Read or Delete no longer work properly from the Notifications. I am using app on Samsung S7 edge. Never had a problem before till now.
Please give me the option to hide the from field when composing as its confusing. I know it's from me and only have 1 account like most people.
Since the last update, pinch to zoom does not work when reading emails anymore. Testing goes a long way guys....
Best EMail Reader for FREE. Able to backup, migrate and restore settings - the most important thing compared to in-built email readers or even Microsoft Outlook or Google's own GMail client. However, latest update forces attachments to appear at the bottom - and a long email chain forces you to scroll forever to get to the bottom (and finally the attachment). Rule no 1 of UI change design: if you change it, make sure it's configurable to allow users choice!
I have used this app for at least 2 years with NO problems. Now all of a sudden it won't fetch my pop server email! What is going on?
Great app... release 5.0 had led to massive battery drain and freezing.  But by 5.2, it's back to greatness, so back to 5 stars!  Just waiting for zoom fix...
My favorite email client for years, but it's awkward and full of annoying little bugs. And, no, I don't want to spend hours navigating your user UN-friendly site just to try to report this. I tried that. It's a huge waste of time. Samsung galaxy s6
New version has some issues with pinch zoom and its very bad idea to place link of attachment at the end of email. it should be on top as previously. Apart from that best email app .
Can't open any attachments, mails disappeared from inbox, had to download them again... it's very frustrating.
Since latest upgrade the header will show up but most of the message is missing.  Please fix. I've always loved this app until now.
I used to absolutely love the K-9 mail app, but now it's nothing more than a frustration.  No matter what settings I change, it continues to turn off syncing.    Sometimes rebooting my phone will fix the problem for a short period of time, but most of the time I have to sync my mail manually.  I've read all the comments on forums from other people experiencing the same problem and tried everything they suggested.  Nothing changes.    I really hope they are working on the problem for a future update.  If it doesn't get fixed soon, I'm going to have to switch to another mail app.  By the way, I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 4 with Android version 6.0.1.  The version of K-9 Mail I have is 5.202
5 years ago I helped a coworker move over to K-9 when she had some problems with the built-in email app and a 3rd party mail server. It did a great job where the other failed and saved us all a lot of headaches. Fast forward to October 2015, when I got my first Android phone, and I'm facing a similar situation. Didn't take me long to remember K-9. I installed it on my phone and I haven't looked back. It does a great job and is very customizable. Thanks!
Crashes constantly. I also don't understand why i cannot move emails in trash (deleted in error) back into my inbox! Its just not possible and should be! In the trash can they cannot be fully loaded or replied to.
Since the last update, trying to zoom in on text in messages is impossible. The text on replies are huge compared to emails that have lots of text in them.
I use K-9 because it's the only email app that leaves my Gmail messages "unread" on the server after I open them on my phone.  This sudden inability to zoom is rendering that pointless if I can't read the messages on my phone.  Please fix ASAP
Last 2 upgrades have wiped out all saved and deleted emails. Other than screen printing not much of a way to save one external to the program. Not good when you might need hotel and travel confirmations not to mention event tickets. You can exclude a program in Play updates without doing each individually so dumping the program
Latest update breaks pinch-to-zoom (and crashes app occasionally) and polling folders is much slower than before Whatever the "database update" did, made app interface, and retrieving and searching messages, sloooooower  Motorola Droid Maxx
You guys fixed an old problem, so this needed an update. Some features aren't very intuitive, but overall, very good.
After last update "Mark as read" from the notification bar no longer works reliable if you have multiple accounts. Sometimes clicking "Mark as read" has no effect.
App crawls to a halt, crashes frequently. I suspect that the app can no longer handle large amounts of IMAP email. Please fix this!!!
Each update causes problems with features that used to work correctly.   Now you can't pinch the screen to change the font size.  Very disturbing.
It does everything and has advanced features for them geeks.  All my emails in 1 app.  Yes please!
Stopped working after last updates...
Updated Review 1/7/17: for the last month I haven't been able to use the Mark As Read button in the Notification Bar. Have to use clear instead. Only fair to point that out after an otherwise great app. --- Original Review: Perfect list of features too. Don't think I'll use another mail app after this!
Apparently fixed for 6.0.1, thanks! In search it doesn't take words, but string.  Trailing space is significant so after picking word in type, must backspace. Can't compose or paste formatted text.  Can attach pics, but not paste...
I didn't see anything about namespace support in the changes for the last version, or I wouldn't have upgraded without testing, but I can no longer get at any of my mail. This won't affect very many people, but for those it does it's a complete showstopper. (My IMAP server is UW imapd.)
A complete and mature email client, the best offered in play store, never had issues with it. Developers please consider making k9mail for windows PC!
Was great but latest update has stopped pinch zoom working if it's not fixed soon will be moving to blue mail
Since updating  I can no longer reduce the size of my mailboxes. When I delete the trash it still shows the same size for each email account which continues to grow with each email.  The 2 most recent updates are a disaster.
5.202 no longer allows Helium to back up K-9.  :(
used to be my favorite apps, but since last update i've got lost all my starred email from my inbox and unable to find it in any folder. It just dissapear. The only option to get it back is to resend those emails from another device or create new email account and search it one by one from my thousands mails and it will happen again soon
Email does not download email.
Can't use two-factor authentication with Yahoo or Gmail. Had to stop using this app because I locked down my accounts.
After latest update emails won't load and you can't download attachments.
In last days (i.e. ~December 2016+) by writing e-mail address there is a bug causing failure when the written e-mail has similarity with other mail in address book. Example: Writing address like “string2@string3” having mail in shape “string1_string2@string3” in the address book (contacts) gives result as “string1_string2@string3”. Crazy – I did not find any way how to solve it.
Tried so many mail apps. I love k9. Maybe bb hub too but k9 rules
This is the best Android email application I have used. The user interface is a bit dated (not Material Design) but is fully functional and easy to use.
Pinch to zoom isn't working. Can zoom in using expanding two fingers but then can't scroll to view all parts of the email and can't pinch to re-shrink the email. Moto G4 Plus.
After latest update,page zoom out and auto fit page functions not working properly.
Version 5.202  cannot save any attached file in an e-mail to phone.
Compacting account do not work any more on Xperia Z3
Really appreciate it! Multi key issue has also been solved by OpenKeychain, thx!
Pathetic update guys, please test before releasing updates.
The scroll button on the right is activated when attempting to "star" an email. Also am unable to save attachments to internal or external storage. HTC A9 on Marshmallow.
It's fast, it's easy and intuitive to use. Different contacts are highlighted in different colors, making it easy to access all my mails.
K9 somehow fail to detect cryptography app installed after the latest update. How come????
Search function and trying to read a."sent" mail results in a crash.
Stop editing (changing) password pain in the butt.
Regular force closes :(   S5 phone.
Pretty big deal...
I can't any longer save the attachments to storage. It's the same for internal or SD storage. Please fix it asap.
I like this app. My only gripe is the design, looks a little dated although still functions as good as ever.
Great app using it since years, just got prefect, please add recipients history when composing emails
Since I installed the last update, it takes ages when checking for new email. It used to be much faster. I am considering changing the app.
OpenPGP integration broken after upgrade
Used for a few years, great app.  But stop giving notifications.  Reloading and setup did not fix.  Had to stop using🙁
Now that it finally supports PGP/MIME it has truly become the best and most versatile mail client for android.
Love this email client everything is working fine now after the update to the update.
I want to enter the password every time.
I can't always reply or delete from the notification window.
Next poll 3 minutes ago? Righto!
Also support pgp standard encryption! Big plus!
Tried gmail app but like k9 much more.
Great app keeps getting better
I tested over 10
Really well designed app. Love it. I never give 5 stars
If you need reliable and functional email client this is the one
it support a lot of Auth
SUPER  !!!
Love it ;)
Works great. The layout is great for my work flow.
Only one that's worked for me
need filter
Best
Nice and fast!!!
Simple  and  steady
Excellent application
Simply the best
Secure. Security is priority in my book and for now this App meets the requirements. Other high rated Apps like Aqua mail have analytics in their App. Blue Mail another high rated App  has loop hole where your mail passes and can be held on their mail server. K9 mail is open source which means it can be inspected for security risk. Reviews on Internet show it to be safe and secure across the board. Not the best of interfaces but worthy trade off for me. It's free and secure. Well done K9.Thx
Attachments used to show on top of emails in earlier versions have now gone down at bottom of the thread. I am a k-9 user on android for about 5 years. Had issue with it for the first time. Kindly fix or give some option to roll back to earlier version. Thanks.
Feature packed and open source, what's not to like? The only bad thing I can think of is the lame one star reviews from ungrateful and entitled pathetic losers that are not able to use the issue tracker.
This is a great app.  Have been using it for years.  However with the last update, K9 keeps giving me (and my wife) authentication failed messages even when I re-enter passwords.  I even tried changing passwords for two email accounts.  The constant notifications are pretty annoying and have finally had to block k9 notifications.  Is there a way to roll back to the previous update?  I still give you five stars for outstanding work.  Thanks.
This is a really powerful mail client, offering a range of very handy features such as PGP-integration. Unfortunately the UX is somewhat mediocre. Is there a place on can send UX suggestions? (E.g., wireframes :)
Was a great mail app until the latest update (been using it for several years). Can no longer zoom messages on any of my samsung devices which is a proper pain in the .... and very 'laggy' along with most of what others have said.. PLEASE rolll back untill this update has been tested better.
Most regretful update!  I have used this app for many years.  So far so good until the recent two updates that failed the authentication check.  Worse-still, after retrying, it ended up having one of my email accounts blocked as if it's hijacked.  This happened on all my devices so I believe it's not device- or os- specific, and I believe mine is not an isolated case.  I am going to uninstall this irresponsible app for good.
Roll back the update, until you have a working release. This is pretty unacceptable. If I don't see a fix or some sort of announcement indicating you are working on a fix, I'm done with this app. Worked fine for years. Now it's useless and I am most worried I have lost information I keep no where else. Shame on me for that. But greater shame on you. I'll never fully trust your app again.
Was working well until yesterday's update. Now it's just closing without any messages, when opening email. Not on all but on most emails! Pls return previous version!!!
This handles email well enough. With the latest update, suddenly the size of the database has grown tremendously even when all messages are deleted and the account is compacted. Was a 4 star, now at 2. So it's rated at 3 by me.
Have loved the app in the past, but last update broke some important things. This is on my Samsung 12.1 tablet. First, it no longer displays the subject line above the current message, now just the send and receive addresses.   Second, zooming in and scrolling in an email is broken.  Would love to go back to a 5 star review, hopefully a (tested) fix is coming soon.
Don't need the extensive list of options per email with poor defaults. Got 12 emails, don't need hundreds of options needing changed. Let me set one default preset that all emails will adopt by default, just set a button to set email to default preset, then people can change few things they want to change, but make most their setting set to defaults they want easily
Edit - Email doesn't download anymore, and it DESTROYS my battery now. Please fix this or simply pull the update.                                                          The stock Android email client was giving me fits receiving email. This free solution cured my problems and seems to work better overall. Love it.
Lightweight. Free from ads and does what I need most. But few things needs to be fixed: timeout when fetching emails, sometimes it keeps fetching. And sometimes sender name is shown wrongly.
Brilliant mail app that ahead of its time lord. A small issue with the favourites starin the message list. It is placed over the message list slide so when you try to select the star the app moves the message list down the page. Forcing me to go into each message to add the star. Would be great if you could move the star over to the left side under the multi select boxes so they can be used in the same manner to avoid this frustration. Each a bit bigger would also be great for easier selection problems.
2017 UPDATE (original review 2013) - For approx' 5 years I've used K9 as my main email client. The setup is still a problem, complete hit or miss. Hours are spent on forums trying to find the correct settings for accounts to work correctly. The auto settings used by the app simply do not access accounts (Yahoo!) correctly. The best app ONCE SETUP, but setup really makes this awful.
Been using K9 since 2011. Great app. Recent update changed email layout so that attachments are at bottom of thread now. Much better at top of email. Easier to access and notice at top. Please return to top!
Like many have noted, the latest update appears broken. Main issues, for me, are account sizes now showing arbitrary large values even when completely empty & that the app now appears randomly laggy. In particular, zooming & panning are often unresponsive & are very erratic when they do respond. Shouldn't be like this in current phones like Samsung Galaxy S7. Really liked this app, so please roll back & fix issues in meantime. Looking forward to giving its 5 stars back.
It's very good but last version 5.010 is draining the battery (59% use). v5.201: can't use it. App gets stuck trying to upgrade database.
Was great till recent update that crashes its database. Some emails that can be opened previously now not able to.. now even manual fetching of email become so slow and sometimes hang... :-(
First off, it's open source and you can build your own app from source files hosted on GitHub. Secondly, its a 'proper' email client with non of the useless bells and whistles you see on other email clients (looking at you Gmail). Lastly, as of version 5.2, it now supports PGP/MIME (need the OpenKeyChain).  Gets better with each update.
It's not the best looking one, but has all the things an email client should have and some other no other has, like multiple identities. And it's open source, and it's PGP enabled.
Loved this app until the latest update. Now I can't connect to any servers to retrieve emails. Frustration reigns, time lost and still can't get my emails. :(
V5.201 doesn't display controls when reading individual emails. The version before that sucked with the 'upgrading database' problem.
Can't access any emails or make backups thanks to latest update.
This app is very nice, but still misses one feature, may be you can consider this for future releases. It will be very good to have the possibility to change the poll frequency depending on time, something like in samsung mail client top hours (working hours) - once in 3 min, during normal time once in half an hour (the polling time are just examples). Now it is possible to set the polling time only globally not depending on time frame. Thanks, and good job!
Authentication of Office365 account fails even though details have not changed
Thanks guys, now stuck in endless database upgrade hell. Guess I'll have to find another app.
Since the last update my mail continually says it is updating the database for my account, as though it is stuck in a loop. I've lost (at least for now) all of my email.
Used to work smoothly and fast, but after the latest update the scrolling and zooming inside emails are a pain. Definitely needs a fix.
Last update dramatically increased battery usage
Fantastic quality, especially for an open source app. Minor issues over the years, usually fixed quickly.
Deleting an email from the notification does not dismiss the notification.  When you then go into the message it doesn't exist and errors
Just one request - could you put attachments back to top of the message as it was in previous version in order not to scroll down through the whole message (sometimes a long one with old messages quoted)? Thank you
Worked perfectly in previous versions.  However,  v5.201 crashes whenever one steels to view an email on Samsung Galaxy s5.
It seems that v5.201 was released without much testing. It reports null pointer dereference on one of my accounts and ssl handshake error on the other plus there is annoying confirmation dialog on mark all as read which can't be switched off. Version 5.010 is working OK.
After the update the app is completely useless. I cannot receive or delete email.
The upgrading of database still doesn't work. I have not been able to access my emails still.
Using too much storage, and the database update did not finish, even overnight.
The new update always gives me auth fail for gmail...
Nice to have an update from time to time, but "Mark Read" option on notifications stopped working, can you please look? Otherwise, keep up with the great work!
After K9 updated yesterday, discovered later in the day that I was not receiving any new emails.  Needed to uninstall & reinstall the app.
The automatic update yesterday is fantastic, it deleted all my f****** emails.
Was working great till last android update. No longer auto fits to screen. Lost ability to enlarge email. Please fix
Used to be better.   Dropping APG for a gpg solution that doesn't work was colossally stupid.
Was great until recent update.  Once I open mail it crashes out.
The latest update to this app deleted all my sent mail and also marked all my read emails as unread. What a joke.
After the update all of the emails in my inbox have disappeared. Only the emails still on the server have downloaded. HELP!!
My go to email app.  With the update I can't sync with the server and am not getting any emails
Works well! Can also use with a Yubikey so there is no risk of having my private keys on my Android device. Thanks devs!
Used for years, but after latest update html is not working correctly in the body of messages
I've tried many apps for email client on Android but K9 is f**kin' awesome and unbeatable.
Probably not the most beautiful one, but it's the most customisable one, very open and flexible.
It has everything I need. Simple interface. Easy set up of mails. And never gave any trouble. Have been using it for almost a year now. THL 5000 and OnePlus 3T.
Since the last update it doesn't want to play with AGP
Update and everything changes and or disappears. Kiss my ass. Back to crappy outlook.
Update runined this app - Cannot decrypt any mail, decrypt button no longer displays. UPDATE - Thank you for quick response - that did the trick!
After update search result shows very slow
Reliable, easy with extensive functionality. Currently the back bone of my email traffic. To me the standard open source Mailer on Android.
No way to mark all read without confirmation.
I have been using this for more than a year now. Whoever i suggested this app,they loves it too.
Highly functional. Good performance. Good features. Open source. Ad-free. 5-8 POP3 and IMAP accounts managed simultaneously in K9 for a few years.
Still love k9 mail. I have been using it for 10 years and 5 different phones.
Almost too many knobs and buttons, but a solid email client.
Works well. Have been using for years. Can setup up multiple ways to access email.
I have used this app for over 5 years and have never regretted it.
Excellent email app .  It has never failed and is easy to use.  Does exactly what it says it does.
5.201 Broken on Android 7.1.1
Great app.
The update rocks
Simple to use, Dark theme for the eyes, and open source...Prefect for me
Nearly perfect for me. Add the ability to print and I would be in heaven!
The e-Mail client for Android.
Would give 6 stars. Now supports PGP/MIME
IMAP capability, multiple accounts, just perfect!
Latest update fixed it ... Many thanks for keeping on top of this ... SGS3
Simply the best email client for Android.  Leaves you in control of your email.
Even works with apgp
PGP Integration now seamlessly functionating!
Nice clean interface. Simple to use.
My favorite email app!
Works very well!!!
Awesome! Open source!
Best email app
Best App
Just upgraded to the new version today.  Now my "checking for email" speed is at least 10 times slower.  What's up?  Please fix...  I've been very happy with K9 until now.
After new update, the attachments are the bottom. I've to swipe more than 15times before I can reach down there. Pls revert back to top. Thks.
Nice mail programm I like it and use it as my default mail client. But it would be great if I could save mail to a folder.
Since the update all I can do is upgrade folders, then it crashes. I hope a fix is coming soon.
Just did the latest update but now I can't zoom the message in or out. I have LOVED this app for years, but now...
This was my first Android mail app and it's still my favourite.  Steady development by a committed team has produced a stable and reliable app that's a pleasure to use.
Pleaae add support for HTML signatures. ver. 5.200 Bulgarian as language didn' t appear in the list.
Perfect to manage many addresses
Excellent!
Mostly pretty satisfied. I can have all my e-mail accounts in one place and check them once in a while, answer them, organise them, save drafts, upload images and so on. However I don't get notifications upon receiving new e-mails nor do the appear in the inbox unless I manually click or motion for a refresh. I initially didn't care as I wanted to avoid using mobile data but I am now getting more data and don't care when I am on WiFi. So I activated background sync when auto-sync is checked ( which it is).
I have used K9 for years, since my Galaxy S1 and now on my Google Pixel with Android 7.1. I did notice sync randomly being disabled on the new device and found this is due to doze (battery save) in the kernel. Once I removed the app from doze it now works great as usual and with three accounts that sync at 5,10 and 30 minute intervals only uses about 6℅ battery life in a 14 hour period. I actively use K9 throughout the day to send mail as well, usually large mail with pictures. Best by far of all clients.
I use my tablet for traveling, hence I want things to be relatively simple, not to interfere with apps/programs on my main computer, and to be easy and quick while I'm on the road.   Other apps just tried to do too much and did little well.  I had resigned myself to only using web-based apps (what to do when, as I often am, out of WiFi contact)😟  Thank you for K-9!
I love the options to customize the look, the colors, dark theme. Have used for several months without one problem. I have several accounts and so easy to get all my messages in one app.                                                 UPDATE 12/3/16 I had to uninstall this app. It will only fetch and send emails for 2 out of 3 of my accounts. I downloaded a different email app and I get all my email. I wrote to the developer twice for assistance and got no reply.
The Android default email app is v boring n dull. I use K-9 for my two Outlook, one Yahoo and one own domain accounts. My two Gmail accounts are handled by default Gmail app. Though I thought it was slow in push notifications, but that seems to be working ok now. Everything I want from an email app works flawlessly in K-9. It's lightweight and superior in overall performance. Thumbs up!
Having tried many email clients, this replaced subs supported Profimail for me. Setup takes some getting used to and some areas could be improved but it is great and reliable. EDIT: three years later I still like it but I wish it used concurrent connections that would dramatically reduce delays. Also, forward as attachment would be good.
The UI might not be flashy but it is very efficient. Love the account color coding in unified inbox and "mark all as read" functionality. Account backup saves lot of time when I am migrating between devices. This little gem is one of the reasons why I am refusing to switch to iOS.
Edit May 18th 2016: Has started reporting wrong sender in emails. Headers are correct, but every email is being reported as coming from a single sender. Minus 1 star...   Previous review : Much better than the stock email client. A big plus is allowing multi-select and unified account view options
This is an outstanding email app! It works perfectly, super customizable! Also has a very unique  and comfortable interface. It's that simple to describe it, nothing else to say, really, because it's  just great! Last year, when I bought a new phone, i didn't even try its own mail client app because i got used to k9 a lot. Thanks for your great app and amazing support!
Forces the phone sound on every time it checks for mail. Not good when I'm in a quiet area!! Also forces conversation mode! Not good. I've used K9 for years and this is the worst it's ever been. Used to rate 5 stars. So sad. Will probably look for a new mail app
I love that you can store messages on the SD card as I was running out of memory on the device storage. I have Exchange sync perfectly an IMAP account and also Gmail and everything works perfectly. For people having issues with Exchange Google which URL you are supposed to use.
For some reason today this has just stopped working. I've cleared my cache, now tried uninstalling and reinstalling but get so far in the setting up process and each time the app just crashes, over and over. Today I missed a very important email because of this, and STILL can't get it to work. Very unhappy.
Been using K-9 for years... not because it's the hands-down best mail app (can't say it is) but because they fix issues quickly and nearly always fix them the *first* time. That's rare (sadly). I'll take great support over bells/whistles any day.
I have used K-9 for several years now and think it is the best email app to use on Android........ it does however need a multi-delete option as it's pain deleting emails one by one, and there needs to be font options for sent emails.... otherwise faultless
Seems it doesn't want to accept my works email exchange account. Keeps saying a valid url for the exchange account could not be found. It's funny because plenty of other email apps don't have a problem. And why are the time and date on the emails so far behind the actual time and date? Get it sorted, K9!
Been using k9 for ages. Love it. But recently I have tried to add a new Gmail account but it failed. I get an automated email from Gmail saying that an insecure or outdated client tried to access the account. K9 please fix this!
Ever since upgrading to android nougat, I get "syncing disabled" about every 2 hours. I've tried reinstalling, disabling power optimisations, white listing to prevent doze, nothing works. Guess I'm finally going to have to quit using k9 :-( Before that, rock solid, best client!
This classifies some of my emails as SPAM, so they miss my inbox!? Can't return the mail to my inbox - too much beating around the bush! Can't risk missing any important messages, so next step: TOTAL REMOVAL (uninstalling it, if that's your jargon).Gmail is a more reliable source, anyway. Thank God I still have it.
I've used this app for the last 6 years but over time the performance has declined. For the last several months I've had emails disappear, deleted emails reappear and now emails are not being pulled in from the server unless I refresh. Checked my settings and found no problems.  It was good while it lasted. Uninstalling.
I have used and loved this app for several years and thought it was the best email app our there.   But on my new S7, I am having nothing but trouble.   Constant problems when sending emails and crashes at least 4 times a day.  I will be uninstalling and trying to find another app.
I delete an email and it still shows in my inbox, multiple messages dont ge sent, delays in updating mailbox and syncing. This is the worst email app ive ever used
No fault in the app but Google has blocked me from signing into my Gmail account because this app doesn’t meet the security requirements. Sure that’s just an excuse for them to get me to download the Gmail app.
You can attach photos and rubbish but you cannot attach anything in any of your folders like a doc or a pdf... not on my android 4... so what is the problem... this is the most vital of features. Next you cant share to whatapp on android 4. You cant save to a different location... just stock location. You cant select some headings text on an email... why... because it is unselectable... why... only the programmer can say... if it cannot connect to your server it does not give you a warning... what !!.
Despite wifi set to 'on' when my two devices sleep, and power saving set to automatic (3 days of  no use before the app is not allowed to run in the background), sync turns off within an hour after both devices go to sleep.  It can only be turned on by clearing the app out of memory and restarting it. Very annoying. It never did this under Android 5.x.
It keeps losing my account details so I have to set things up from scratch constantly. They also removed swipe gestures which I used all the time. Guess I'm looking for a new mail client again.
An excellent app. Simple yet functional. The level of  utility is awesome.  Have used it consistently for years across several devices. I take away one star bcoz of security concerns raised by google. All my main mailboxes are google...
I like k9, but it's a major battery drainer on the latest Android. Also according to the reports on the intarwebs I am not alone with that problem. Apparently it does let your phone go to deep sleep (wake lock and/or mobile active)
Much more configuration options than mymail, better visually too, can be dark background everywhere. Wish this existed for desktop PC as well. I would prefer k9mail over Thunderbird anytime! Don't like the dog association, what does k9 have to do with email? Dogs are a huge waste of resources by the way. 8 billion humans weren't enough of a burden to our planet? But I digress.. Some complain about the interface being dated, but for me that's the reason it's the best app for email out there. Very efficient!
Thanks to the developers for this wonderful application which replaces my android stock app. I almost gave up on finding a mail app which doesn't ask for a ton of permissions until I found K9. A few minor suggestions for improvements: It should be possible to move mails to folders of different accounts, and generally the moving of mails could still be simplified. Another desirable feature would be a rapid delete gesture and an undo button for the last move/delete action.
I'd been using this for years, then 1 day it used 1.2gb of data! No idea why, no email attachment could ever be this big.  Took me over my monthly data allowance. Very frustrating.
Alot of great features. However it has issues with email syncing and it can drain your battery unexpectedly. There's no easy way to kill a sync job without force quitting the app, inherently the app should kill any sync attempt that takes an excessive amount of time but it doesn't.
The best email Android client I've found so far. BUT - GMAIL HAS BLOCKED access on K9. So are you going to fix this or not?? Please respond for all your long time users.
Have used K-9 for a few days now.  It's fast...Probably because it's a fairly light weight minimalist client.  I have searched to no avail for a SPAM filter.  I may have to abandon K-9 if that's not an option.
Great app ... have been using it for years, however with Marshmallow 6.0.1 at least twice a day I get this message in the app interface "syncing is disabled".  This affects me greatly and there isn't any pattern to when this disabling of syncing takes place.  This means I can at best give 3 stars rather than the 5 star rating I felt was deserved on operating systems before Android 6.
Being a Whovian for many years, i remember when Tom Baker got that tin mutt, but my previous adventure with this email client wasn't good. Now it can't do automatic setups! Even providing an SSH server is a Machts nichts help. What IS your problem?
Great app all the way around.  I'm sure there's probably more customizing I could do with it, but 2 email accounts + 2 Live accounts, not a big contact list to deal with, so I'm all good.  Suggestion : make a delete action possible, the same as 'mark as read' or 'reply', in notification prompt as it should appear in Android Wear/Notification bar.
Been using this for years but the time is right to move on. Just too poor and old. And it's starting to be a pain. Also, what's the point in spam folder when you can't mark things as spam? Could be a little more simple when setting up (like auto poll not working until background sync is set to always) but once sorted it's a good mail client (other than the above issues). But it's never going to evolve. Bye, was good to begin with.
Although mail usage is dominated by Gmail and Outlook, K-9 plays a very niche role. It allows user to configure the mail they would like it. So you can do things like subfolder sync, periodic notification (instead of relentless push). If you are a power user then you would really love it as the app completely moulds itself according to your preferences.
Unbelievably great.  I wish I could run it on windows, I'm switching from Mac and every mailtool sux (why is t-bird so buggy?)  Configuring my 6 email accounts was a breeze,  it was filling stuff in for me like it was AI.  Only downside: I may start reading email on my phone instead of my pc.   I don't want to be that person!
Really impressive open source application. Lots of options to set the program the way you like it. Very, very fast, unlike all the other apps out there and also very secure. Would just like an addition, for POP, that new folders could be made and emails could be moved to them.
Authors are a tyrannical, pissant dictatorship. Give the users the asked for configuration about automatically downloading and showing attachments! If authors don't listen on this, they won't listen on any other ask that contravenes their pet (and petty) ideas.
Emails in office365 read or mark as read are listed as new at the next check.. This has been going on for a long time now. Is the app still maintained?
1. Hierarchical folders are flattened to an oversized list of all folders. Very bad when there are hundreds or thousands of year/month/day folders under some topics.  The good part is that K-9 does not lump together all my e-mails in a "unified inbox" and doesn't send my e-mails to any server but my own.
Tried the app on my nexus 7 for my work exchange mails, but it failed to work. Could not find server even though the settings work fine with lots of other mail clients.  Surprised that this highly rated app struggles to do automatically find ones exchange account and set it up accordingly. Maybe I'm doing something wrong.
Don't let the stupid looking icon fool you, this is a VERY GOOD app! It does everything an email client should do. However, it is not all that different from Android's default email client. I would just use the Android default email client instead of this.
Push notifications don't seem to work reliably. I can see open IMAP connections to the server but it won't report new messages. Doing a manual "fetch" will eventually retrieve new messages but takes an inordinate amount of time. Disabling power saving features doesn't help. Android 6.0.1 on Nexus 6P.
but when it comes to UI and design, it's a complete failure. Android has moved on past Jellybean. Wake up guys, it's 2016. Also there are absolutely no gestures that could make life easier and the long-press-actions are too many
So recently I've been having problems with K9 mail and despite my best efforts it still persists. I have had problems checking my other accounts on it after checking one of them, for instance if I check one email account and then try to check another the program just hangs. I have to clear the cache and force a stop for it to work again. So that being said I'm switching.
Does a great job but when working with GPG it sometimes fails to open the encrypted mail and only displays an unusable file. Sometimes it stays in an endless loop of synchronisation so I have to use the settings to stop the app. Otherwhise perfect
Has lots of great features but it continually stopped syncing so I wasn't receiving my mail.  I managed to get it sync again only to have it quit again a day or two later.   I finally got tired of it and uninstalled it.
I've been Using k-9 for years.  Overall it does a decent job.  It doesn't allow html signatures and more recently the setting for sending mail as Outlook style or Gmail styles won't switch.   On my new Galaxy S7 Edge it's now stuck on Gmail style and puts my signature at the very bottom of all email replies.  Unfortunately this is enough for me uninstall.
Sad to uninstall K9 as I have used it for years. I like its visual approach among other things. But its become buggy/unstable and now I am faced with syncing disabled and no way to fix it. Emailed support and was directed to the manual and G+ community. No fix in manual and post to community asking for help unanswered. Had no choice but to make the switch to another email client for android. Sorry K9 but I guess all good things end. Bye!
There are so many issues after the last update that had to uninstall the app and go to a different client.  I don't have the time nor the desire to do your quality control testing.
Unfortunately the app no longer fetches email automatically, i have to go into the app and manually refresh each inbox to recieve mail. Since i need to be notified of emails as they come in, this makes the app useless to me. I'll reinstall once they fix this bug, but until then i cannot recommend this app.
....until I set up an IMAP account to access Time Warner email and found that K-9 doesn't seem to handle IMAP very well. However, a couple of calls to TW may shed some light on the problems.
It is not perfect, but how come a basically volunteer  effort produces a  much better email app than multibillion dollar corporations can?  Gmail,  etc,  be ashamed...
Very frustrating, cannot find how to change account information (servers, passwords, etc.) anywhere. It prompts you for that info on setup, but then no obvious way to change.
Over the last 3 or 4 months my Hotmail that I delete comes back randomly as new mail (I've deleted some mail 10 or 12 times over 4 months) and now all of the emails i had today have disappeared after I switched my phone off for a flight. Can't keep working like this, I'll have to move on...
They do have the very best!  Some time ago,  K9 blew it for lollipop and I  had to give bad rating.  I then tried 5 apps highly rated but none measured up.  Over many months all is well!
Decent app, but it always stops syncing randomly, then I have to open it, close it, open it, close it, then it says syncing is disabled(?) then I close it and open it again a few times and it starts resync'ing.  Simply stopped working on Nougat. I never syncs until I manually open the app. Useless mail software. Time to move on to a competitor, this looks like abandonware.
I like K9,  it's so far the best app for multiple accounts and with no single ad! Thank you ! Thank you ! Thank you ! It take some time to figure it how it works, but when you get it, it's a piece of cake. My second device so far with it. I tried on this one some newer email aps, like BlueMail, but they have lots of ads, and pop ups for comercials, so I got the old one, old but gold K9, and I'm in piece now. K9 is maybe a litle complicated, and maybe look outdated, but it's all crap.  THIS APP RULZ!
Use this email client since 6 years.try other and come back all time . One need in more now connect ews on office365. Could you add this account option? Thanks a lot.
Worked great for quite a while, but now doesn't work at all. Can't figure out what I need to change to try to make it work right, and simply don't have hours and hours of time to waste. Very sad :(
I have always been delighted with this app but recently it seems to entirely hog resources when checking mail. This is a particular difficulty in a poor service areas. The wee circles just sit there blocking any activity on the phone until you give up. There seems nothing that can be done to stop the sync happening in this case other than switch off. Nexus 6 latest Android.
Not sure if it was a K-9 update or an android update, I dislike the very small window that pops up when you long press an email. You get 1 to 2 lines of text that you have to scroll to make your choice: select, delete, move, or whatever options there are. I used to see almost all the choices at once, that was better. I would rate higher otherwise.
Used it a few years ago. Went to Microsofts. Came back because of SD storage..used it for a week. The push notifications often don't come through Maybe only 80%. Outlook and Gmail 100%. Sometimes polling gets stuck and won't stop until you force it. No swiping features like outlook or gmail. I will try again in a year because I was SD storage due to phone space.
This is, hands down, the best fit for my mobile e-mail needs.  But it still seems sketchy on Goggle’s idea of folders (tags) and tends to download all e-mail for your inbox when using POP3, regardless of read status or folder/tag location.
You can't use the star on the right side to star a message, because you will hit the hitbox of the scrollbar and scroll to that position. Works neither in portrait nor in landscape mode :( besides that, the app is truly amazing !
I've used this ever since i got my first android phone over five years ago, and love it. The only thing that could be better is a fix for starring emails - when tapping the star on an email, it scrolls the interface instead.
Too bad it don't easily work with gmail. Using it for the time being until i find a better app that can handle gmail. At any rate this is ad free and has nice resources.
Really like app, can display msgs and headers exactly how you want to. Biggest problem is retrieving gmail headers is slow and hit n miss along with viewing emails often will not view. Has great search function, but yet again is not reliable when searching gmail databse.. Pls fix these problems. Can be 5 Star.
Feature rich and works really well. I love that it's open source. The user interface is very dated, though. Text and buttons are crammed on my display. Colors are less than appealing. Terrible UX makes this difficult to use.
Use this as default now for my multiple mail accounts. Edit: Could do with UI overhaul, some things hard to find like server search. Should be on by default anyway!
Unfortunately K9 crashes randomly on Android 6.01 (Moto g4 plus). At times the stored emails get corrupted.
5 starts if issue is resolved. App keeps restarting in the background, lagging the phone and eating the battery. Pls solve this else I have to uninstal it. Experia Z1
If you get problems with Google blocking account setup then try turning on "Allow less secure apps" from your Google account's "Connected Apps & Sites" page.
Often doesn't send mail, gives me a fail to send error, I've switch to using my browser which is what I used to on my laptop before it died. I'm out of work and need something reliable.
You know about this restriction ONLY after downloading, installing and giving away your privacy to this piece of crapware and spyware trash. Why developers don't mention it in the description is to grab as many as possible fake installations. Uninstalled straight away even if I got more than one mail account, but I don't like misleading people and trashware.
But why the need to have access to Photos, camera and stuff. Surely a privacy focused app like this would try have less needed, not more. Its the only thing wrong I have noticed so far.
It is good interface, but push nail do not work and dep end entirely on polling. Is there any guide to do so? I do not remember, but proably I saw a screen during installation that it do not support the popular email like hotmail, yahoo, gmail etc.... Any way how to get this push thing work?
Took me three tries to set up and then I lost the data.  Good luck too the next person that this may happen ; android.
I love this app. The problems started after the last two upgrades.  Now when you open an email and try to enlarge it, it just makes it larger than the screen width.  It used to re adjust and keep the email screen width and made it longer.  Is there a setting for this or is there a program error?                       July 13 2016. This app has quit functioning properly as of today. I can only get to my starred email list. The inbox is not accessible.  Can this be fixed?
But it's been crashing and hanging constantly, and it takes FOREVER to get thru my email. Needs serious fixes!
Hi there guys. This app was the best app for emails till date. I hoped that it stays on my phone for ever but the recent sync issues have been a problem for me. Even though setting everything properly it doesn't give me push notifications for the new emails,  and always displays syncing disabled which I have not. Fix this problem will return back to 5 stars.
I have to say the ui looks horribly dated its dark theme is holo black you guys should update to material theme I can't use this app it looks like its from 2012.
There are lots of issues, but the latest bug is in that when sending emails they often time out instantly and I get a "failed to send" notification in my notification bar and they remain in the outbox. Then when I open the outbox and select "send emails" from the drop down menu they get sent instantly.
Has worked satisfactory for years. Has options for everything I could want, though can sometimes be a little difficult to find through the menus. Have never known a better email client.
I'm using it since the beginning. I switched from Samsung to Huawei and the "unread" widget is 2x2 eating too much space. Can it be fixed somehow?
Everywhere, except home, no issues. At home, using Comcast, the program hangs, and I have to stop and restart it, to be able to check Yahoo mail. Comcast is the issue, but other mail clients don't have that issue. Strange situation, to me.
Great app. Have used it for some time.  Unfortunately, started crashing every minute. So frustrating. Had to finally uninstall. Can't give higher rating until latest updates get fixed.
The only bad thing about it is that it has an ugly icon and that selecting multiple emails in app has no shortcuts (you have to select one email to enter multiple select mode). Encryption works great (especially paired with OpenKeyChain)
I still use it but the app crashes then emails don't load properly. After the update it's a huge disappointment
Has all the features needed, but uses the minimum number of permission to get the job done. No need to let yet another company read my email to "optimize my user experience".
It's a well known mail client for a long time - almost the defacto standard for 3rd party Android mail clients perhaps. But it feels like it needs an interface overhaul. Just feels a bit dated and stale. Functionality is good but for me I found connectivity to exchange by owa far slower than other clients I've tried. Also it seems unable to deal properly with nested folders. Some folders I've been unable to see at all.
I loved this app for many years on different phones, because it's different. I don't like Gmail. Last update simply makes me evaluate other apps. So many changes it's not K9 anymore. Now you can't even change the displayed names of contacts, I don't want to send mgs with the name on contact list. But worse you can't see text on msg if it considers is a thread msg, even when threaded view is off. Please give us back the older version
But Google claim k9 mail as a less secure email client,  should we worry?
I like K9 and wanted an email client for accounts separate from Gmail etc., but this service has used what I consider to be higher quantity of mobile data compared to other services. It's set to minimum demand but still  too greedy, so regrettably will be removed for something more lightweight.
There is so much to like about this app. It is with real regret that I am probably going to uninstall it  because I can't get it to work for me. I am using it on Android 6 with eight accounts using pop3. The problem is that mail is downloaded on some accounts only to disappear, never to be seen again. I have googled this (and the problem is widespread) but no answers that work. I am prepared to believe that it is a configuration issue but I am obviously too thick to work it out. And there is no manual.
Things that no longer work:          - list items don't gray out after reading them - unable to mark or place a star on listed mail - deletion mail from within them doesn't work, moving a piece of mail to a folder doesn't move it - not all mail in list is present
5 stars for this app because it is small, simple, does one thing and does it very well. It allows you to send and receive email from multiple accounts, is easy to use and is not bloated with lots of unnecessary features.
Crashes every time I select more than a few emails for deletion. Also, hard to visually distinguish between read and unread. Uninstalling..
Works great, but disappointed that developers won't allow it to be moved to SD card.  5 stars if you can make that happen.
Clicking star causes interface to scroll, even when scrollbar fades away. Otherwise, fantastic app. Used it since 2008, and wouldn't trade it.
Devs: Only a set range of font sizes are available, which is a blemish on an otherwise awesome app. Font sizes all top out, sometimes at relatively low values. Example: composition view hits maximum at a font called "larger" which is about 2.5 mm on my device. Unlimited font scaling is available in some apps - would be good in K9 also.  Fonts could be configurable at a percent value (ex: 250%), with no top-out or limit. Please look into it! Eye strain is becoming an epidemic.
Every phone I get it try their default mail app but I always end up coming back to k9. Nothing works better for IMAP
Crashes trying to delete IMAP messages every time.  Although It is the ONLY app I found capable of sorting messages and showing Internet headers, the reliability of some of these advanced function is only so-so for large numbers of messages (10k). Sorting by sender does not appear to work at all and sorting by date (sent) vs. received date only sort of worked. So overall a bit disappointing.
I love the pgp support. Makes it easy for a privacy freak like me to love and a novice to use. I have never seen better programming on any os.
Keeps saying my username or password is wrong when i try adding my email. The info is correct though.
It has steadily worsened. The format on my screen is impossible. Droid Maxx and Nexus 6. I'm deleting as soon as I can figure what is best.
Tried Blue mail but found its style of display a little non-intuitive. K9 is exactly what I expect. Great job!
good email client app. My only issue is when selecting a contact to send to, it always shows the error 'no email address could be found for this contact' - though they all had emails defined!
Does not refresh folders any more.
I keep on asking myself why I didn't start using this earlier. Everything is possible with this client where the standard mail client could just read the mails and nothing more. Highly recommended. Keep it up.
Loved this mail app on my older phone w/ Gmail,  but on my current phone I cannot get it to work with Yahoo email. I'm disappointed.
Best email client I've found hands down. It has a bunch of features other don't (like identities) and has a lot of nice customization
I am using it for about a year now and just love it. The decryption and verification with pgp works like a charm, though sometimes it quotes the encrypted message in a reply (rare cases). There is however 1 thing that bugs me, I never use the instant reply button in the notification, but sometimes I wold love to instantly delete some spam messages preferably right in the notification (I do unfortunately get quite a lot of those). Oh and maybe a function to search all the messages on an imap server.
Used for 2 years but has consistently failed to deliver e-mails addressed only to me, unless they're spam. They get delivered right away on any other client I use...
I used this for years, but since it started crashing every day, I'll have to start looking for something better.
Have it set to never poll to conserve data and power. Every time I open the app it has new mail in my Gmail folder. Aggravating.
...but way too much to go through to set up. Also, there seems to be no way to update your password once it's changed, other than uninstalling and reinstalling (which means going through the extensive setup again).               EDIT: The set up is still too exhaustive, but this is by far the best client app I've used (since the security issue with gMail has been addressed).
Great email app with some very handy features like the unified list and multiple identities! Could be a little better if you could move etc multiple selected messages when in the unified list, change the from email address manually, and change the brightness of the account colour.
Used for about two years. Three weeks ago sent email with improper address. Was rejected by system. Corrected address, then sent. Since then, notification comes every five minutes regarding "email failed to send." Annoying enough that I finally uninstalled today and will check out newer apps.
A decent little app and seems to have a good community of supporters. But being unable to sync Exchange subfolders is a deal-breaker for me.
Now the only I would suggest is a simpler way of deleting multiple email mainly spam email which is long and annoying to delete one by one.
Google's Gmail app and Samsung's email app are terrible so here I am. My only (small) gripe with K9 is that the long press is too sensitive and calendar items don't open in my calendar app.
Have been using K9 for 5 years now! The strong and committed community around K9 has done the trick. This is the need-to-go default email app for people who have multiple accounts other than Gmail.  Have recommended this app to many.
Keeps saying the URL is not valid although it works with every other Android mail app I've tried do far...
Doesn't automatically get my email since I have updated to Nuget.  Please fix. Awesome otherwise.
It has developed bugs with various updations. I have stopped using it. Go for blue mail which is the best application for emails.
So many features, my favorite is manually marking emails as read. Haven't seen any other program with this option.
The UI could be modernised as well. It appeals to the open source, PGP/GPG market, and that's why I still happily use the app! Just wish I could use all my accounts with it.
Been using it for years.  Every year i try a few others and return to K9.
I've been using this for a long time.  Now everytime I try to delete mail it freezes and crashes.  Reported bug many times and not so much as a response from it.
It was a good app ,I have been using it since 2 yrs but now their is problem with the emails
Needs more options for automatic detection of spam/junk mail rules.
I enjoyed it until it stopped notifying me about new emails because it lost all my settings for no apparent reason. I uninstalled it because I need my mail app to be more dependable than that.
Perfect dark theme! ☺☺☺ very comfortable UI, easy to use and simple enough to configure! very fast as well 😀 'non evil gmail' however a very 'tricky' thing to deal with 😕 but client fully open sourced!!!☺☺☺ as result it's perfect if specific customization needed! Thank you! ☺☺☺
Used it long time. When will 'syncing disabled' be fixed? Problem started with android 6. Now on android 7 automatic syncing impossible. And yes, I have tried 'all' suggestions.
This would be perfect if you could print emails from the app.  I have to forward emails from k-9 to Gmail just to print
It has a GOOD dark theme (very important to me); the interface is simple, easy to work with, intuitive, and highly customizable. If you're like me, you want an email app that keeps track of your email safely and simply, an app that doesn't bog itself down with glitz and bloat, and at the same time, doesn't sacrifice the option to add complexity or information detail the way many Google and similar ones do. K-9 does exactly what I want it to do simply and efficiently. And it's free, with no adds
Keep getting no text connection error
UPDATED 2016-10-21: On a Moto Z now, Android 6.0.1 and this is still my default email app since 1st time in 2012-06-14. It's a no nonsense, reliable and simple email app. Thanks developers!
Awesome, app works as intended. The only thing missing is Exchange 2010 & 365 support. Only feature that would be missing from the app for me.
Still the best.... BTW the "stupid" icon is K-9 from Doctor Who, so it's not stupid.  I love the new version.
Only app that has all the features I need. I keep using it, even though the interface is still Android 2.x style...
Was my email app of choice was the past few years but since Marshmallow 6.0.1 no longer fetches  emails reliably - constantly reverts to 'syncing disabled'
Notifications don't always work and mail is slow to arrive in inbox  .I believe I will keep searching for a e mail client .sorry
Sync is disabled with no way to enable it, so notifications don't work. Pretty useless that way!
Great APP, Horrible widget  For as long as I've been on Android, I've used K-9 email along with MailListWidget for K-9.  For some reason, the MailListWidget is no longer available and I can't get it to install on my Note 7.  So I now have no unread email list widget.  Which means I'm using the standard Android email client.  Why, after all these years have you not built a mail list widget?!  I have always liked having a list of new emails listed right on my home screen and I could select the one I wanted to read.  Now I have to open the client, hit each folder to find out what new emails I have.  Love K-9, HATE the lack of widget support.  Since K-9 doesn't meet my needs any more, I give it a 3 instead of the 5 I would give it on my Note 4 where the third party widget still worked.  Wish K-9 had a native mail list widget.
I have tried all the settings from net and forums but not receiving real time email.please help,
Always been an amazing email app. Would give 6 stars immediately (and if possible) if devs added Wear capability. Would love to be able to read emails on my Moto 360, not just subject lines.
What happened to My gmail.  I've been using this app for years because it gave me some accessibility with the dark mode but last week all my Gmail accounts are no longer downloading,  just aol now.  So I left and found BlueMail which now also has this accessibility dark mode.   4 days no email from google does any one even support this app anymore.   YOU NEED TO FIX IT.
Have used K-9 Mail for years, since recent update? Unified Inbox fails to show new messages. Can still see new mail in individual inboxes. Will there be a fix???????
After trying so many e-mail apps, this is by far the best! If you have more than one e-mail account do yourself a favour and install this one.  I need to juggle a half dozen accounts and the app handles it better than every other app I've tried. Good customization and ability to handle different accounts differently. I can set auto refresh to different times for each account, set different notifications, etc.  I am impressed with this app, I have made this my primary e-mail over my PC based one.
Particularly as it allows you to select folders for sent, delete etc to get correct one for Apple Mail. However the app has suddenly used 900MB of my 1GB monthly mobile data allowance in 2 days! Used nothing before. Trying to work out why...
Getting a lot of "someone has you password for my Gmail accounts"
Been using it for years for my yahoo Gmail and Hotmail accounts.  I have 2 step security on my Hotmail account which means I have to use an app password generated especially for k9. That used to work but since the new look outlook in may 2016 outlook just won't connect through k9
And no way to contact the developers.  I love the idea and i hate to 1 star K9, but an email app with no way to fetch mail is pointless.
It has everything other apps offer. Plus has alias option. Helpful if you have multiple Outlook or Mail aliases. On top of it, it's an open source project. 👏
K-9 Mail client is simply the best and the most versatile way of working with your inbox on the phone. I've been using it since 2009 on a number of Android devices and never had any issues with the app. Extremely fast, reliable and configurable, doesn't drain battery even with the frequent push-notifications enabled, has intuitive interface, and does exactly what it has to do. K-9 Mail is also smart enough to recognize necessary settings for the majority of ISPs, making the initial setup effortless. Thank you guys for this decent open-source software.
Cool app, very costunizible, supports imap folder subscriptions - dont know of any other map supporting this. QUESTION: how to disable the setting that all unread mail is always on top. I would like to mail me sorted chronilocicaly, despite ob beeing mark as read or unread?
After an Android upgrade from 5 to 6, K9 stopped fetching incoming e-mails.
Used K9 for several years with very active biz accounts.  Always reliable, easy to configure and personalize.  Tried Outlook for a few days, went back to K9.  Much more intuitive.
A truly great work horse of a program. Not the prettiest but surely one of the most reliable and efficient.  And that is what counts. Thank you.  Instead of the k-9 can  have a feline?
Using google pixel, the app auto defaults to "syncing disabled" I have to manually refresh the sync. Running marshmallow, will update if it gets fixed
Attachment Problem.Improvisation required while attaching the File.Takes longer time & Sometimes Unable to attach a file.
I cannot believe I suffered with Samsung's stock app for so long, while K9 was out there waiting for me. Simple but with plenty of options for those who want them. Reliable and worthy of being a paid app (better than some of the paid apps or there). 👍👍👍
I installed K-9 mail years ago, and it was great way back then. I installed it again last year and it's been great and up to date style, yet still light and simple. Everything you ever needed from a mail client is covered. Thanks Dog walkers!
Although I DO NOT HAVE vibrations activated in notification settings, I'm getting notification vibrations whenever a new message arrives.
Latest version saved an email sent using account B and signed with a pgp signature to the sent folder of account A. The two accounts are in no way related and this should not even be possible. Major bug that needs to be fixed.
Frequently outgoing mail's fail ..error 500 or something like that..hours trying no use..It stressed me lot..
The latest upgrade just broke K9. Random certificate errors. Please fix this ASAP.
This is a great mail app for people who want finer control over their mail reading/composing experience. There are a lot of options and settings to fine tune it to your needs. The no-nonsense ui is fast to load and clear.
I'm only missing a setting to sign emails per default with a certain default key. Currently I have to always choose this and a key.
It has worked well for me across many different phones, but push notifications have stopped working for some time and I'm missing emails, so I've had to move to another app.
Ver 5.010 "Sync always" does not work when Google auto sync setting are enabled. You have to set k9 to sync when auto sync is on.
Constantly deletes emails.  I will open up the app and 3-4 days of emails will be gone.  I have to reinstall it to get the emails back.  It's ridiculous.  The only reason I keep it is because it holds more email than my server and I like the layout.
I like K-9 a lot. My only complaint is that it regularly stops syncing for no reason, showing a "Syncing Disabled" message. But if I manually sync, it will usually start syncing again... for a while, anyway.
The app needs a professional UI redesign by someone with some UX / design background. That being said, the app itself is useful and functional. I'm using it to bypass the required Exchange Remote Administrator privileges and it works like charm.
Wife and I have Android 5.0 on our Note 3's. POP3 Accounts with Comcast no longer working. Galaxy Tab S2 w Android 5.1.1 works OK with K9. What gives?
It's been 3 years that I have this problem in Cyanogen. Any ideas why? Any workarounds, instead of rebooting (ie adding a button to kill the thread)?
Keeps losing my settings. I filed a bug report and they ignored it. Also the settings import is broken, so I have to keep manually setting it up every few weeks. Very frustrating.
I keep getting a connection error when I open emails in my Hotmail and yahoo email. It says connection error and then shows a blank email. Please fix! Thanks
It solved my IMAP problem
When i click in the k9 new mail notification nothing happens and the notification disappears.  Sync is not working properly.
Interfaces by programmers for programmers.  Not even one thought about user comfort.  As a result you should do a lot of useless taps on screen.
Very slow to refresh my inboxes and sent emails get stuck in the outbox 9/10 times. Changing app for sure.
I've used K9 for years and now multiple errors - "syncing disabled" & also "next sync 7 hours ago" (and other various times) in other words the syncing has stalled. Do I really have to find another email app k9 dog walkers?
A widget would be nice. Difficult to view threads Also nice would be possibility to move all data to sim card in one go
It is so hard to find a feature rich mobile app that isn't released with nefarious permissions and intentions and is still free.  But if you charged I would pay!
If you like your email a little old school such as a Outlook than you will love this app. There's much less of Randomness than Gmail and it's easy to control every aspect of this program. Thank you for a great app
I often have more than 25 messages, and k9 deletes some that I need to save. Is there a way to force a message to remain in my inbox forever? Thanks in advance.
Very good !  But when Android 7 is in the house the syncing process if magically turned off and then on, and then again off. Must need some debugging to get it to work on Nougat.
Application need new look.This ui don't looks good!
When did all the forced closes (crashes) start? This app has become really unstable.
Running a 6P AND a Pixel Xl.  I once loved K9,but now DOZE has liked it,if the phone is unused for a time,you get a "sync disabled" message. I have emailed for help,-0-. Fix it,or pull it.
Only thing missing for me is the ability to swipe between emails which makes me take a star away
On my edge note my emails arent sending but they do leave outbox. I need help
Love that you can have different sync settings and intervals along with most settings available on a global, account and folder level. Really a powerful mail app for the power user.
Hyperlinks aren't clickable on Phone. Is there a setting I missed?
after downlod the mail when open the mail "Download complete message" shown below the mailbody.its very irritating.
Not flawless but so close as not to matter. Take control of your email today!
Awesome app.  Makes it possible to get rid of larger Gmail app.  Can set period to sync, reorder accounts, and more.  Just wish there was a global setting to configure all accounts the same by default.
Would you mind if you make this application for iOS? I hope it. I always installing this app on all my android smartphone. It is simply, reliable and real time. Five stars
Not getting any email.  Tried another app, I had 25 unopened.  Bye dog!
I have tried several e-mail clients and I can tell you that this is the one you want. It actually does what you want it to, not what some spotty developer thinks you should have.  Well done really nice app.
Authentication failed for all Gmail accounts. Installed, and reinstalled, many times, the same problem persist. Switched to other email client.
Would be 5 stars but not supporting the Android pop up window function takes one star away.
last version is simply useless.
Initially worked, it rejected cert. but I accepted the cert having manually checked it with another site.Although could read mail it wouldn't autosync. Can't edit connection after initial setup as far as I can see so reinstalled having read that initially setting up over WiFi may have been the problem (!). Then wouldn't connect at all without WiFi. And wouldn't then connect with WiFi. Attempt to file bug, submit new issue button is greyed out after I type it all in. What a ** waste of my time.
Can't fault what it does. Last issue was sorted out in 24 hours.
Works well on my Sony Xpedia X takes some getting used to but they all do
Faster than any other app, much easier to use than any other. I tested almost all mail apps for Android but keep going back to K-9
I use it to check multiple email account and it works well. And its open source too. The UI is bit old but regardless its functional and beautiful. Thanks a lot.!
Don't let it's looks fool you. This is really the only free client that does it all. Would be nice to have a prompt to resize photo when sending as attachment.
My phone was not operating properly so I did not give this a good rating. Everything is working now and this client is really pretty good.
A couple updates ago this stopped deleting emails from the GoDaddy email servers.
I used it for years with no problems, but it has been giving me more than one trouble in last 6 months on marshmallow so am uninstalling it. :(
For synchronizing emails properly - Disable "Optimizing Battery Usage" for K9 in settings. Now my emails come instantly!
I can't connect my work exchange account. I like the app, but I can't use it until I can connect to my work email.
Connection Error msg, when opening any email, works after 2 or 3 attempts.
Problems with the new update. K9 is not opening. Any suggestions?
Latest update seems to have intermittently broken sync as it changes to syncing disabled on its own
Sorry, it now crashes and has become unusable.
Keep getting "no text" or "no subject" connection error when I open mail
It would be really useful if this app had the ability to share an email with another app such as the Android stock calendar, or a-calendar, etc.  It sounds also be helpful if printing was better
Don't automatically add signature for default identity. It's unprofessional.
I was using Outlook and then bought a new phone. Outlook would not allow me to set ports for my email provider. K-9 did it and it great. Much better than Outlook. Very good.
Awesome app. Works great with my zimbra and OX. Great push mail capability. As good as BB. And it is from open source.  :).  Just one request to developers Pl go for more professional logo.
k9 mail should have it's own address book! I don't want to use "contacs" because any app maybe has access to this…
Since Android L, all my apps EXCEPT K9 can save to the SD card.  That's why I use Android.  Strange that the "best" email client cannot.
So lame no clue how to setup. No instructions.
I try others, always  come back.
This app is amazing! Out of several that I used, this app was the only one that successfully managed to connect to my mail server. I have no complaints about it. Thanks!
Used to be great, but now crashes (stops) several times each day on my new phone. Getting ready to uninstall if not resolved soon.
On a tablet the control bar (i.e. search, refresh, etc) is at the top. Any chance of moving it to bottom (like on a mobile) or to give the user the choice. Any great app.
This is a rock solid and easy to use, super intuitive client. The dark theme makes it real easy on the eyes to use too. It really should get 6 stars.
With Yahoo and Gmail I get not the right user name or password. Tried web address for problems no place to send issue request. Works go on pop3 and Hotmail. Will change star if fixed.
Does not work with Hotmail. Like so many other mail clients. Microsoft...
K-9 works well with OpenKeychain, but doesn't seem to support PGP/MIME-formatted email that Thunderbird with Enigmail produces.
I really appreciate the idea of making software open source so that others get the chance to check the code for malicious behavior
I have multiple accounts and lots of incoming mail. This ad free app handles it all like a champ.
Cannot use with new Yahoo secure sign in.
A nice traditional and powerful e-mail client that does what it should. I find it clear and thoughtfully laid-out. It integrates nicely with my accounts and workflow.
Have been using this from the S1 days. Have developed leaps and bounds. Very nice
Some emails get bugged and i can't view them
This has been my default email client since day one on Android, but it's time we had rich html editing....so I may be moving on soon.
Excellent all-round mail client for easy handling of all your various mail accounts. Clean user interface with focus on good usage. No useless eye-candy. Mail as mail should be.
burning power
Not the easiest or sexiest to use but it's doing the job. And you are in control.
Doesn't delete messages off the server. Even tho delete off server is checked and delete immediately is also checked. I'll have to find email program that actually works properly.
syncing disabled. Even if its set to Always. Seems to work better when in wifi mode. So now i have to look for other solution instead.
People who complain probably don't know how to use it.
Has nice interface and functions but keeps on overheating my phone and crashing
Initially, it was good but later on i see error and blank text while open my email.  Can't use now.
I would like to have app password protected so that my email stays private. Is there any way to lock it?
Hands down the best email app I have used.  Full control, stable, efficient and does NOT kill my battery.
You continue to outdo yourselves folks! Samsung s4. K9 works great for IMAP.
Tried many apps for my webmail account on android. This is easily the best. Its cool and easy to use. Integrates with webmail server like a breeze. Well done.
The best email client I've tries so far. Very fast, stable and feature rich yet easy to use.
Lots of options for customising the display, interaction etc. For me the best features are the ability to display messages in full screen and increase text size.
Best email app for me. Would love to see better Android wear support.
Security settings insufficient to setup Gmail account
This is the best email app I've found so far. Easy to setup and navigate. And best of all, no ads.
The worst thing about this is it doesn't take Hotmail
I tested a lot of IMAP clients, and this one won all the prizes, and it is open source!, it is extremely easy to use, fast and reliable, highly recommended
Used this app for a year now, overall it's great but it does not work with Microsoft exchange.
imap accounts setup lovely, unified view - can see folders - just what im looking for :)
Does not mark Office365 IMAP account messages nor as forwarded nor replied (loses mark immediately), when forwarding through K9.
If you make a paid version and add exchange functionality, I would buy it  in a heartbeat.
I would just like to be able to delete several messages at a time. Can you tell me how to do that?
Very old fashioned. Needs polishing. Also google says it doesn't support latest security standards ( though it may be just google).
Mit K9-Mail bekommt man kostenlos was andere Email-Apps kostenpflichtig nicht schaffen!   Alleine das Grundprogramm ist schon besser als die meisten Konkurrenten, und dazu gesellen sich noch einige (ebenfalls kostenlose) Erweiterungen mit denen man sich das Programm komplett nach eigenen Wünschen anpassen kann!
Used to work well but each update has got more buggy
How do you block spams
But sometimes the application stucks in refreshing state and doesn't receive latest updates. This can be fixed only by application force stop.
Wish there was easier instructions. Thanks to everyone who makes this happen!
Радует гибкость настроек и возможность их экспорта/импорта
The same time as the other 7th of September at the moment I am a beautiful person
Nothing else compares. Remove and disable any other email apps K9_mail is All you need.
Works great. Never had a problem so far. Full of features, but you have to take the time to go through them.
Works great but I cannot add a second Gmail account. Had to download another app just for this second account where it works fine.
5 stars,I prefer how reliable the k9 mail program is and rarely crashes.
I actually love the app but for some reason I cannot sync with my hotmail account. Any suggestions
Works as expected very well written and I wish I can give you more stars good job.
I love a lot of things about this app, but I wish it wasn't such a battery/resource hog.
I love k9, it doesn't bother me with cloud-nonsense and it's free!
I've used this app for years, but now it wont let me sign in to my gmail accounts.
The best for old school email lovers
K9 is amazingly simple and really tailored to ones needd if settings are tweaked a bit. Love it.
Fetches mail really good doesnt need much attention and does cool tricks like encryption.
I wanted be able to mark a message as spam and it doesn't have it... bummer
Syncing disabled--useless
Nearly perfect, but needs PGP S/MIME.
Excellent email app! I've used this for several years now on a few devices and it always performs perfectly.
perfect for the not so fancy email reader out there. love the plain text function.
Cannot add 2nd account No add account function. So only good if you have one email account.
Sync becomes disable???????
Oldfashioned. Needs polishing very much.
Way better than Android's builtin in mail app!
Auto sync doesn't work
Great app. But build 110 still hasn't brought webdav acccess to exchange 2003 back :(
Please fix,  otherwise fine.
Great app..very easy to handle and never got hang. Love it...
Free and open-source, superb feature set, but mostly just a no-BS email handler. Perfect.
Works well even in low latency networks, to-do more improvement in attachment fetching.
Fully functional but dated (and generally poor) interface
Will not auto sync with Marshmallow 6.0.1 on LG G5.
Works as expected and very well  on my Galaxy S7...but I still don't like the icon
But do not updating mail status on xiaomi note 2 (when running in background)
I tried to log on to a second Yahoo and Hotmail account and it only allows one per server.
Won't sync says it pills email but messages are not revised received
I need to use a client cert AND a password for my imap.
You can keep the email on your phone , delete or move without affecting the emails in the server
Thanks for providing this gorgeous application free of charge. I love the PGP implementation. Great job! Thanks a lot!
Light but with full function and really works as independent pop3 without messing the server.
No matter what I do I can't send email. No help anywhere. Email sent stays in outbox indefinitely.
Very good, wish there was a Linux version.
Never dissapointed. Always best choice.
The only one email client that works right.
New update wont let me attach documents from pro office suite any longer???
Clean and easy-to-use interface, stable and reliable; for me the best Android email app
Cannot login to my gmail, guess why.  Sorry.
It does what it says it does without telling me im using email wrong like google mail does.
Update doesn't work.
Extremely useful. Would love to see a desktop version!
Been using it for a year with multiple accounts and identities. Highly recommended.
Sometimes synchronisation suddenly disables by itself and I miss some messages.
Awesome app. But need to provide logout option so that we can switch to other account.
No resizing for fotos,doesn't show pics size when attached. Streight to the bin
I cannot send email from my AOL accounts. I am uninstalling.
overall is good, but don't like the icon/logo too much..
Been using since I'm on Android. Is there another email client? Nope.
Love K9 mail. Excellent for my PGP intergration with APG. Perfect keep up the work!!!
I've never seen such an extremely flexible app like this. Hats off to the developers.
But why there is no reply button at wide screen?
Best email app I've ever used. Just wish there was a way to make it the default email app.
When signature is disabled by the user,  it automatically gets enabled after updating the application.
Can't open my exchange email
I have been using k9 for years it is the best mail program out there
Gets email, sends email.  Often won't mark messages as read.
It's to slow to open
...but the keyword search will not go far back in the archive.
Work well. Under active development so bugs are fixed quickly.
not support 2 steps verification gmail account
Please add printing option to app menu.
Thanks guys
Please put attachments back on top!
Would be awesome app if could do folders on pop accounts.
So far so good, but unfortunately no support for S/MIME.
Great app, but it crashes when it is used with Orbot and Orwall
Using too much network and battery.  Removing.
Can't login to my yorku mail account
5 stars if it can be added as full screen Email app widget
If you need a pretty design, this is not the app for you.
Nice mail program. Using it for more then 4 years already.
Never had any problems keep up the good work
Works but too many folders
Best email client app. It just needs a more modern GUI
Easy to use, more dependable than email. I would highly recommend.
Facil, sencillo y completo.
Wish it would open pictures with out tapping, show pictures
Live it so lightweight
Best emailer for my Galaxy Tab S2. No glitches. Love it!
Works great
It works awesome for my Gmail accounts, love it!
Would like to see the ability to use a save9 as or save to Dropbox
Could use a more clean design
The last updates has been very buggy, downgrade is best.
Like it,no any single fault.
Best mail app used so far. Still use gmail app to search my mail.
Opened up new possibilities
Used it for years from source.  keep up the great work
Simple and easy to use without crazy permissions or advertisements.
Rather good email client, supports proper replies
Integrates well with encryption tools. Easy to use. Stable.
Syncs the mail very fast..
I have been using for over 3 years and it is great!
It is opensource. Great app. I dont look at anything else
.
No tablet support.
It won't install
I'd pay for this if there was an option!
Great email client!!
Almost 3 years I using it. Love it..
Works fine on Android
This was perfect replacement of the mastodon Gmail app
sehr gut
Sencillo y veloz
Great mail app, but needs material design.
Very occasionally stalls but overall excellent.
Works perfectly and supports pgp
Incredible app. Best email client ever!
Straightforward, solid email client.
Where can I log out???
Still the best, but really needs an overhaul.
Top Notch E-Mail Client!
I wish I'd found it sooner.
.......but still room for improvement
Battery life sucks with k-9 mail
Very good email client! Recommended.
Best email program out there
search no more
My favorite mail app
Would like to have it support Material Design
No email signatures???
great client with easy to use features
Using for years now, thanks!
Thanks for this great and lighweight little app!!!
Quick, smart, full of features
Been using for 2 years.. Just great
good. some bugs happens, not often.
☺
really good app. the best around
Free simple in a good way
Awesome, despite a dated interface.
Great. Thanks
Best ever mail client.
Superb mail client!
Best mail program for android
No 'mark as spam'
Thanks
Outstanding email client.
Excellent, fast, complete
Excellent mail client
Best mail client
Good
Good App
Reliable email client
Kound
Ok
Great..
Very Good
Works great
Recomended
Excellent
excellent!!!
Good work
easy to use
5 star
Awesome
Sick
Ugly
love it.
Perfect
Indispensable
Upgraded V4.804 to V5.1 & switched from APG to OpenKeyChain without a hitch. Tested 4 signed messages so far. I'm liking it. I wish we could create rich content with images, or html but what K9 does currently, it does very well. K9 is well supported  but they understandibly seem to prefer communicating via their google groups forum.
Brilliant app had no problems with it what so ever been good on every phone I've used or had would recommend this app to anyone to use so easy to install and use
In the newer versions I don't see/have a "reply"  button... Where'd it go?  Will put this back to 5 when I get an answer
Does everything need in a mail client. It is also light weight without the bloat. Showing how a mail app doesn't need to be 10s of MBs to do the job.
I downloaded this app for the simple fact that I'm a hard core Whovian and noticed K-9 Mark III.
Excellent mailer. No rubbish, just easy to use and straightforward. Has all the options I require.
It just works, plain and simple
Great app
Love it.
This is the only client I've found that will scan and alert on specific folders.
It's got to be one of the best e-mail clients for Android. I originally replaced Google Mail with K9 on my Tablet. Since the last update, though, it's refusing to send half of my emails. I just get them placed in my outbox, and permanently stuck there. A pity as it's otherwise a good program.
I like K-9 Email, but the UI needs some improvement. One of the features I am missing particularly is splitting message list and message content panes vertically on top of each other. On a phone, the side-by-side split is useless. Also, sliding the boundary between these panes would be handy.
The design of the app looks somewhat old-fashioned and the configuration menu structure is more complicated than I would like it to be, but all things considered this is by far the best email client available for Android. I've tried Gmail, and liked it too, but unfortunately that app cannot send plain text messages! Can you believe it? K9 won't give you that kind of trouble. Also, I believe it's the only email client for Android that supports IMAP IDLE .
I use IMAP and this app gets confused between live emails and deleted ones. It is pulling emails deleted 2 days previous into the inbox as of they have just arrived. I have verified through other devices that they are deleted. Makes the inbox unuseable as keeps filling up with old emails.
Had this for awhile and then my phone died so I had to go through setup all over again. No matter what I tried it wouldn't recognize my mailbox. It shouldn't be this difficult to log in from this app. I'm done
Very customizable, easy to use and reliable email app. I tried a lot of them and they don't even come close to the features of k9 which is also open source and free. Thank you for this great app!
hands-down, this is the best Android mail client.   *** UPDATE: Having just changed cell phones, I've had to downgrade my rating because it lacks a way to transfer sent mail between devices.
Excellent email client.  It's fast and easy to use.  I tried for 2 days to get access to all my emails in outlook with no success.  I had access to them all in less than 5 minutes with k9.  Well done k9 team and thank you.
Could look a little nicer but functionality is awesome. One finger has to touch text of short messages to punch zoom.  High battery usage if Internet spotty (too many retries?)
Good app.  Has some minor issues that are interface design oriented.  Not sure if this is an Android exclusive problem, but starring email from initial screen is a pain.  Will scroll up email instead of starring.  Not a deal breaker.  Also searching for old mail is not very intuitive.  Finding sent mail could be easier.  I do like and use it every day.  Will never replace Gmail.
I cannot get beyond the fugly UI. I am pretty old school so it is not that the UI is outdated. It would have been called awfully ugly 20 years ago. All those blocky letters in different colors makes me think I am looking at a shareware program from 1995. On the plus side, it did setup my Yahoo account easily. However, there should be a choice where to store the emails and not just downloads.
The default signature is beyond embarrassing and extremely unprofessional. I wish there was a better app to use. Perhaps I should look again since it's been awhile.
As fare as options and configuerability goes it is awesome. The UI is sometimes a bit clumsy to use and could use a make over. I also wish I could configure filters to automatically sort my mail into folders. This is especially usfull with mailing list messages, that clutter up your inbox.  Otherwise best mail client available.
Please add swipe to archive/delete (left/right swipe). That simple feature would be awesome. The UI is ugly but functional. Otherwise an awesome app!
Everything works smoothly, looks beautiful and bright until... you realize that there's no way to undelete messages for pop3 accounts and that messages that you definitely never ever touched end up in the trash folder (probably when they get purged on the server, which should have nothing to do with the contents of local pop3 folders). Two no-goes.
RECENT ISSUE - There's a bug that causes the screen to scroll up unpredictability whenever you zoom in...its maddening. I will try to reinstall.         K9 is the only Android email client that I can tolerate. It's ugly and slightly confusing when using the back button with multiple email accounts. But the back button is more of an inherent problem of Android's than with the app. Except for this recent bug, it's a usable email client that I use because there aren't any better alternatives atm.
Overall I love this app..  wish there was a mail reader this powerful for my iPad.  But this latest version broke it, at least for me.  I think there might be settings,  but i can't find anything.  Previous version, all starred emails stayed on top.  Now, not only is that no longer, but even read emails go to bottom.  I want emails to stay in order received,  read or otherwise.  and i really liked starred posts on top, although i can live without that since you can load them by touching the star.
I wish the "unread widget" had the normal K-9 icon... or at least a way to edit and change the icon... the white envelope is pretty boring.
No longer works with Gmail, app doesn't meet modern security standard according to Google. Shame too as I prefer this app's layout to Gmail app but looks like I no longer have that choice. Completely useless to me as is, so downgraded to 1 star, I'll happily start using it again and rate back to 5 stars if this issue is fixed.
Great app. however, goo doesn't seem to like it and it can't be used with their g mail. claims due to security reasons. can that be fixed within this app, or is it really goo trying to force us to use their app?
Worked great on my Kyocera Hydro Vibe with outdated Android. Now with my Moto G3 the app shuts down over and over, reading emails, loading, sending, but mostly switching between email accounts. Really sucka because I've been using K9 for quite some time and it is the best email app there is. Well it WAS until I updated phones. Sad that K9 mail isn't able to handle the upgrade.
My previous email app was just standard ( boring ) This app looks grest and easy to set up and mannage. I would love to give it a 5 star but i cant figure out how to print an email. My other app was easy. I have a galaxy note 4. I want to keep this app but I may have to switch to another that has printing capabilities
I used this for years, but on Marshmallow it feels buggy and jittery. Can't print or share emails. Ugly too.
Loved this app but it suddenly started draining both data and battery. First warning was a text from my operator saying that I'd used 6GB mobile data in a couple of weeks last summer. Checked the phone and it was almost all down to K9. Disabled background data — hardly ideal —  but I was prepared to give the program another chance. Final straw happened a few days ago when I experienced serious internet connectivity problems, only to discover that K9 Mail had used over 60GB of wifi data over the previous month. At the risk of stating the obvious, this is insane! Having persevered with this for years, I've now given up, uninstalled and gained about 3 hours battery life per day. Should be removed from the Play Store.
I've been happy with this for years now.  I'd give it 5 stars if you could compose emails in TrueType fonts rather than it just reading them.
email app. uses less battery and data than all the rest, and does a good job handling it all. although it does lag from time to time when sending and receiving email
Using for years.  Love the unified inbox.  Wish there was a way to search all emails through app.  Currently limited to last 25 emails /folder that have been downloaded per account.
Great email client with good functionality. The only onre problem - UI looks obsolete. And I hope developers will update it in future versions.
I have used K9 for over a year and then I switched to Blue Mail due to the fact it has a very easy to use feature for quick replies which is something that K9 completely Lacks being someone that uses email for business I have a very high need for quick replies because I get asked the same questions all the time add this feature and this is a 5 Star program...without it, average
There's something magical about dog-named email clients: they're all great. This one too.
I have googled for a good app which can save internal memory from my emails and it's attachments. Downloaded K9 but it is not working.... Fake app...
Tried a few others, found this easy to configure and use.  For my own reasons, I have about ten email accounts via different providers and all work super well via K9. = = = = Some features are even better than my desktop client.  Kudos!
Best of all! Customizable and simple to use (though not to tune it up :)))) Also I'd suggest changing the app logo, wouldn't it be better to make something more like an envelope and less like a dog?
Highly proficient email app. K-9 is powerful, functional and user friendly. Beats the **** out of any other in every way. Small size, easy to download and install, all it does is work ! Handles multiple e-mail accounts with ease...perfect falls short of describing this app.
I love K-9 mail. It is the most customizable, powerful E-mail app with user friendly encryption integration. I do however wish to see SPAM control features integrated better, including blocking of email addresses.
Great email app, i am using this app more than 3 years, but i always have an issue, i am not able to configure my gmail account to this app any day, if somebody can help me configuring my gmail to k-9 that will be really great and i can use my gmail account in one app instead of using another app for checking my mails, thanks
I would give 5 stars if there was a way to move emails from the delete folder back into the inbox folder.
Still love the app but since the November update it fails to update on my Droid Turbo.
K9 is not a bad email client - I've used it for several years, but you can't send to Groups you defined in your Contacts. If it didn't have this limitation (and it may not matter to many people), I'd give it 5 stars. It's awesome for managing multiple email accounts!
Default Phone Web Mail Apps CHANGE Depending On What Phone Is Being Used.  K-9 Is The SAME, REGARDLESS Of What PHONE YOU CHANGE TO!  I DON'T See PassWord PROTECTION In The PRIVACY AREA.  THAT IS ALL THAT'S MISSING!  😃
Simply good user friendly, many features you can find it better compare to android default email client.... it has the option of self configurable "auto bcc" for all out going mail, that is really helpful when you can trace all email that you had sent via mobile phone.
I've tried a few email clients over the years, PC and smart phone, and this is by far my preferred mobile email client. Configurable, versatile, does all I need(multiple email accounts). Top marks to the developers. And in deference to the name, rest in peace Elizabeth Sladen(Sarah Jane Smith)
I have a question will I still be able to send messages to relatives if they don't have this app? Thanks if you reply also won't let me set up account either... :l probably gonna delete sorry 😟
I've used this for a year or two on my Xperia Z2 without a worry. I've just installed it onto Z5 phone to discover you can't open a new email or reply when it's held in landscape mode. That icon is missing on the top of the screen and only visible on the bottom when held in portrait.
Hi,  I have a very simple request, please allow "Mark for Deletion" and "Unmark" ... also, show the message with a strikethrough if it is marked for deletion -- regardless of where that marked for deletion was made.  Thank you. AndrewM  Edit: I would like to upgrade my rating, but you need to address this issue first.
This is the best email client I have ever used, you can tune the app to your needs to every single detail but it needs a huge make over for its graphical user interface.
Apparently its suppossd to detect gmail settings. Nope, doesnt.
Couple of improvements and it would be perfect. Swipe action for delete and mark read and an indication of which inbox I'm looking at would be nice.
Currently my non gmail email app, but looking for a new one. Twice in the pas month all my settings and accounts have just vanished.
Just take a few minutes to learn and enjoy. Some other prettier fancier popular email programs don't mind accessing all of your mail and keeping it on their servers! K-9 Mail lets your mail be your mail.
I have used k9 for years, but in the past 2 months,  my 2 business Gmails have been compromised twice. Too risky.
With the only drawback being slowness.
Would not take my Gmail username n password no matter how I entered it or what I did. Have to give up and look for another...sorry
Far better than the standard android email client. Slick, responsive, functional and stable. Used it on and off for years!  I do keep trying the new standard versions when I get a new device, but always end up installing k9!
I can handle all my mail accounts with no problems. sometimes it gets stack with my SMTP server using TLS but fair enough.
Works very well with IMAP, easy to use and easy  to set up. I have been an open source user for nearly 20 years and if I have a choice, I always pick an open source product. Keep up the good work!
allow to download imap headers only. so it fast even if connection is very slow. Also it working with many accounts.
Tried multiple times to get this to work, never could. Sorry, uninstalling.
Reinstalled k9, reply button now doesn't show, can't find any solutions.  Getting super frustated - please respond to this with how to fix!
Perhaps its me, but can't get my gmail account set up here. Tried several times.
Well now that the big g does exchange, don't see any reason to be using third party apps for email anymore. Ok app, but better ones out there.
Long time user of this app. Suddenly, this app now removes any attachments I add to emails. Very annoying.
Ugly, hard to read interface. Darkening theme doesn't work at all.
When trying to add a star to an email it scrolls down the page for no apparent reason.
But it works well with openkeychain look forward to further updates.
Reply or Fwd emails with inline images is broken on Android 6.0.1, Samsung Galaxy Note 5.
Been using K9mail since day one. But I'm moving on, it looks and feels too old.
Tried to add Exchange account. Error cannot connect to server. IOException.
Pls tell me how to make proper settings for reliable sync.
Works with my popmail accounts. Allows for instant checking of mail, as well as the customizable auto syncs. Interface is less than intuitive, so deducting one star.
Unable to connect to webmail. Just throws up an IO exception.. Uninstalling as of no use..
Great app! I've been using this app on multiple devices for years with only a few issues. Fantastic.
Brilliant email application for Android. I use it to manage my personal and business accounts. Very simple to setup, as some good features, and just works! Highly recommended.
I can't even signing in in it
It's not a looker but it's the only mail client that I've tried that actually works and that respects my privacy. Thanks a million for the hard work!
I have 3 IMAP email accounts configured with default settings and K-9 mail accounts for at least 10% of my daily battery consumption. By contrast, I have two Exchange accounts configured in my phone's stock email client and it doesn't even use 1% of the battery. What's the explanation?
Since the last update it's really slow and hangs up a lot.
It works.
The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is the UI. Update to material design and receive 5 from me!
This is so far the best app for email. Nice UI. I don't have to delete already deleted emails again in laptop.
Does anyone else realize it's k 9 from doctor who?  This app works pretty well but I may not keep it
No need to "update" it, in my opinion. It is classic and simple.
I try many different apps. This one is the best. It have all what I need. Could be more "pretty" but it's ok.
Best email app. Speedy. Love the interface, the dark theme and the sd card option! Everything else is highly customizable
Been using this for years, the only one that opens every format I need. Hail to the developer!
Past couple of weeks no notification of new mail arrived. Why could this be? Galaxy Note ii.
Still using it 5 years later.
The best e-mail apps
Really great once you get the hang of it and tune it to your needs.
Also available on F-Droid
Light, quick and easy to customise
Excellent, been using several months and no issues.  ... Five years later still use it!!!
There is no progress bar for downloading attachments
Very reliable, easy to customise. Highly recommended.
an email client for your emails
The most feature complete mail client for Android.
Nothing better!
Thanks for making this!
Doesn't work with the priv
GUI may update
Free and gr8
very solid and customizable, great for email experts
As a whovian who misses k-9 i love it
Extremely easy, fast and accurate without crashing, and best of all is FREE!!!!
The control I've wanted for my email client
I really like it, where do I check auto sync?
Works well
No1 by far
Excellent. I've used it for years.
ad free and works properly
Works great for me
Powerful and feature rich
Nice and secure
Good app
Great app
Simply cooool
Excellent.
Have been using K9 4 years now with 6 different email accounts from various providers. Took a bit of working out to set up correctly, but it was worth it - ever since it has worked flawlessly. Using IMAP Push with Polling turned off it uses almost no battery. Simple to use, easy to read, intuitive. By far the best of all email clients I've looked at. Shame about the new icon though, looks nothing like K-9.
Please add filters/rules so I can set certain emails from not downloading, or specify which to download. Also would love to see an option to check mail automatically even when sync is disabled. Thank you.
Why its no longer works with easy pgp? If I get encrypted email, have to copy paste that into easy pgp. If I just press decode it says there is no suitable app found... Fix and you will be best!
Best mail client for advanced users stable, powerful and customizable. Opensource is a plus. The interface is not evolving much. My biggest complaint: battery drain significantly increased in the latest update.  It might not be related to K-9. Mail server issue? I did not change my settings.
I've been a heavy email user for many many years and on Windows and Microsoft Outlook user and I did not want to sacrifice with a minimal email client that hardly does anything at all other than let you read messages. I like more control over everything and this is the only program available on Android that gives you total control and works!
Getting used to it.  Wanted to combine all my emails accounts into one app.  And just run one service.  Had 1 minor issue which I resolved using the online help.  I would like to rename and reorder folders. E.g first folder "[GMAIL]/BIN (Trash)" That is the last folder I want to see and to have the displayname of "BIN"
I  have used this for years and loved it now with.the update I have problem with the mail format.  Can't get rid of the From To CC BCC and description.   It used to just have  To: and Description.  Anyhow I cannot fix so have uninstalled.  Help!
The app is great. Quick retrieval.  Nice layout. But, check online.  PDF and xls downloads won't often work if downloaded with this app, compare to other ones.    Google it and you will see others complaints about this.
Although this is the BEST email app on the market, If you would only add a simple feature. And that is, the option to be able to move messages from your inbox to a folder of choice. I always have to forward mail, then during the procedure discard it, and save it as a draft.  If I were a programmer, I would offer to help make this happen.  This "move mail" function is so needed to make this a 5 star app.  Thanks
I've used this app for years to view my email via my tablet and smartphone. I've had few problems with it and it performs solidly. The only issue I've had is with sending email using ssl. Sometimes, the email won't sync because the certificate is "invalid" as it states. Simply resending the email usually resolves the issue. However, the message is not apparent as it doesn't pop up in the app. You have to watch for it in your notifications.
Used K-9 for several years. But lots of issues lately...and not syncing correctly. Made me miss some really important emails. :( :( :(  Was the best email app...but now I'm going try some others.
I've noticed emails go missing. Not deleted, just gone. I had one starred a few months back, and I just noticed it is no longer in my inbox (or deleted items). I love this app vs. the default email app, but this might be a deal breaker.
I tried this because I absolutely hated the built-in Android 5 Gmail app, and I really love K9 mail!  K9 mail does everything the Gmail app can't do, and I use it for Gmail!  I like an app that does one thing, but does it extremely well, and for email, this is THE app to get.  And thank you to the developers for keeping this ad free!
Tired of the certificate error flashing at me. Looked it up and fixed it once and can't fix it this time. Moving on. Too irritating.
v5.007 seems a little faster than v5.005, but overall still sluggish. However, it does provide notifications on all my accounts and allows me to delete messages from the notification bar. These are things the Yahoo app cannot do.
Best app I've used, and it's open source. The one bug that irritates me is that sometimes the notification that mail is being checked gets stuck and won't go away
The app is great and I use it for work constantly the one complaint I do have is that the delete button needs to be moved from the center of the bottom row. It is entirely too easy to delete important email. Thinking you're closing the app. Even with the option to validate it occurs. This would certainly be a 5 star review if that change was made.
I use this app since years, but recently I'm suffering lag scrolling my inbox or just opening an email and scrolling the message. I'm on G4 h815T Lollipop
Tried several times to get it to work and failed. Other programs on the market know how to automatically import the email settings from the email accounts.
This *used* to be great, however since May 2015, I've been unable to get ANY new email across any of my many email accounts - and as such have had to get accustomed to Google's main offering.  I updated K-9 tonight,  but it refuses every account I have, saying either the username and/or password is at fault, when none of them are incorrect.  Result: Uninstalled.
I use gmail as my primary mail app, but my university mail won't work with it. This is an excellent alternative that is easy to use and quite similar. Although I do keep forgetting that swipe has a different effect for each.
Far better than any native email APP. Some changes in the folder list are non reversible but and if you do any mistake you may need to delete and add again the account. But everything else works great
What changed???  Ive been using for years and have liked, but K9 keeps crashing and is unusable for the past several days.  I'm using a Nexus 5 with 6.0.1
Since i updated last time auto sync is not working however poll frequency is set on every 2 minutes please fix i have been using this from 4 long years and love this
Great email app. Found it after gmail went mad and ate up all my data allowance in a day! Love it, keep up the good work.
If your looking for a mobile mail client and aren't sure what to choose this one is the way to go. It evens supports that Microsoft Exchange rubbish our company uses.
,Advanced mail client, Use it for years, Basic design, some malls almost unreadable due to small font
Was OK for a little while, then one of my accounts inexplicably had SMTP blocked because of "previous abuse".can't send emails and I expect if I get my ISP's postmaster to reset permissions it'll happen again soon..
No longer freezes on Moto pure edition running MM. Synchronization with exchange and other accounts is more reliable. Keep up the good work.
Update: now PUSH works again, so it's back as my preferred mail app. I'd like to have a button to get back to main accounts list in a single step, instead to push the back button several times, and a new "modern" appearance. Four stars only because of the outdated look, the app works great.
I would give 5 star, but the lack of info in the "failed to send some messages"  error is frankly quite annoying! Please fix this to show why it failed.
Great mail app...  except it does not let you know about login failures.. it just pretends that everything is OK
Currently deleting my emails on both my Samsung Tab S and my Samsung Galaxy S6. Please fix so I can rate you better! I used to love this App, but now I can't trust that my emails won't get deleted. PLEASE FIX!
I use a Small Business  Server with self sig ed certificate which stops K-9. How about an 'Accept All Certificates'  option
Had to get gmail to approve less secure apps to get it to allow access.  Love the ability to customize everything. Wish it had labels.
But very resource hungry. Maybe  best if used as only email app integrating all your accounts
As others say, was good... Now entirely useless. Don't waste time :/
Quite cool. It reads all sorts of email systems and even displays the folders you setup on those systems to organize things. Fast, efficient, useful.
What's wrong? I'm using lolipop.
one should be optionally be able to set an additional local password just to launch the k9 android app. This will help when somebody temporarily has your mobile phone and he launches this app
Does what I want it to do but with the recent update it keeps crashing.
It's free open source, well written feature laden, push's email with the greatest of ease. Thank you my hat's off to the developers for putting out such a fine product and gratis on top of that!
This is not the typical fancy, colorful themed email app that groups your mails. Highly customizable settings, full access to any option.
Same old K9, problems every tuime when you send mails.  Certificate issues continued !
This is a great email client and I have been using if for years, it does everthing an email client should do and it is custermisable as much as you need.
Causes 50% of the battery drain even with poll switched off!!!
The best there is! Nothing comes close to this email client. Secure and open source, what more do you need?
Looks promising but gmail security blocks it , so its useless for my intended purpose
Google sent message to my backup secondary gmail address via android Google gmail app saying insecure app attempted email fetch so was not allowed. Google default security setting. Using link in their email I found box to tap to allow unverified app access. But K9 still can't fetch that mail. I tried K9 because Google email app filling up android system memory and won't allow saving to non system internal storage or micro sd card. Working now after setting Google acct allow unverified. Some JPGs GIFs noshow
Keeps reloading emails I previously deleted months and years ago. Seriously?!
Used for three months absolutely works on A 5.0 and as I am very picky in my appraisal, 5 stars means a lot.
Better power consumption than other mail clients, and handles conversations well. Only issue is how it handles exchange accounts, but I can use it as an IMAP client for exchange.
Can anyone tell me if spam functions under this application
I've used K-9 since my first Android phone!  But... it doesn't seem to work now that my phone is on Android 6. :(
Bin 100% zufrieden, sonst würde ich diese App nicht schon seit ich mein Smartphone habe, benutzen. :)
When download many messages the app crashing every time
Was my favorite mail app. Unfortunately stopped syncing properly. Kind of needs an overhaul, hope they step it up.
Wouldn't connect to virginmedia / nil world client
Unable to setup account with Exchange. Clumsy.
Great and I can check my work email when I want want to manually. And it looks better than all the other mail readers..
needs to have inline image inserts and text formatting
Paid for kaiten pro and you don't get any support from them. K9 stays up to date with upgrades and performs great.
Unable to connect to server .... 3 weeks waiting for fix.
The best E-mail app I have used to date. The ability to delete multiple E-mails is great.
Does not need photos, calender appointments etc. Is good and safer than others.
Now if you guys just implement a way to send scheduled mail, that would make this the ultimate email app.
Can't get any mail! Constantly  get "IOException Pushback Buffe" and won't fetch mail. No solutions anywhere! HELP!
This is the best email client. IMAP and POP3 support. No ads. In several ways, K9 Mail is superior to higher rated email apps.
Imap server search stopped working...
Haven't seen or heard of a better android email app.  I have been using this app now for a few years.
It does everything it's suppose to do, simply. Thank you K-9!!
Intuitive, responsive, with a modern GUI and, I believe, open source. What's not to like?
Works well as a email client
I have tried other email apps, but this one is the best. I love the unified inbox.
Stable, lots of useful features, nice UI.. great app!
It's not working..  I need support please
Много добър мейл клиент с достатъчно опции. Препоръчвам го.
I also can access my email folder and its very easy to use
This app is just what I needed to get all my email organised the way I want... 👍
Incredible. Most useful app on my droid. (Along with TouchPal) It has revolutionized my life.
Those push notifications cime so fast! My no.1 choice
Allows signing, encrypting, verifying and decryption of mail messages.
It's my default mail app. Wish its icon is updated to current trends
I love this app! A few minute tweaks and ite would be perfect.
Doesnt show a single email
Easy, lots of good features. Samsung Galaxy S5
Been using it for a few years, always stable.
Isn't perfect, but is the best
Do the job very well
Really good email app, works fast and consistently.
Great app if one has more than one email to check
Simple and easy used... thanks
Waiting for new look, otherwise the best email app!
Complet but essy
The best client mail for android
Faster than yahoo email for Yahoo email.
That says it all!
Love Doctor Who!!! The app is also great
Everything I need from email client.
Waiting for new look
stable, customizable and open source - perfect
Needs Material Design!
The Best Email Client!
Seguro y muy versátil.
Best free mail app by a mile.
Push email, No ads.
The best email client app
Best App
Functioning very smoothly ...Thank you
Best free email app ever
OMG Welcome back to the 90's
The best thanks!
&lt;3
Simple, clean, fast
Best e client
The best
Brilliant.....
Thanks
Besy
The
Fantastic!
Good
great job
Awesome.
Great
Outstanding
Awesomeness
Cool
Great
Excellent
The app only checks for mail when I open it, which isn't very useful. Maybe it's caused by me being in China, but given that the mail server is in China also I fail to see why it doesn't work correctly.
All the other clients may have plenty of bling, but none is as powerful. Would love some updates of the UI, but once you get used to it, it doesn't even matter any more and there's no going back.
K-9 email has evolved into a great email app for my work email. Has everything I want: great interface, fully featured, runs quick and isn't bloated.
Great open source push email client. Very configurable and tons of options.  The UI needs to be brought into modern times.  Switched away for now.
At least with k9 you are the only one who can access your own emails
I've tried several and this is the only email app I will use. Even supports Exchange.
Doesn't accept google accounts due to old security standards
For  me the best mail app. Stable, perfect.
I've used k9 for years. I've connected all 6 of my email accounts. I've managed an email/web server for the past 21 years. This was the best I've used. However I'm on Nexus devices only now so I get the latest & greatest updates when they become available. It's been three months now and the certificate issues I only see with k9 are not fixed. So even though my overall rating should be five stars, I'm uninstalling and dropping my rating. Besides, the gmail app now does much of what I used k9 for so...
I usually don't rate apps, because I don't like how Google uses my comments to promote stuff to my family & friends. That being said, I love K9mail! It's not the prettiest email app, but it does what I need, and it does it well. Gmail and multiple imap accounts, good navigation, and this puppy is fast! Using the arrows to scroll to the previous/next email is almost instantaneous. And it doesn't drain the battery. It's all good!
After I upgraded my S5 to android lollipop it won't fetch my main email. It fetches all 5 other emails but not the one I need most. Please let me know if this can be fixed. *edit* I installed the update hoping it would fix the issue but alas, no. I'm currently searching for a new app. Sorry K-9, I really wanted to keep you but....
I moved to K-9 from Typemail because I wanted the ability to send emails from an alias, which you can do with the identity feature.  The user interface isn't as nice but it is perfectly acceptable.  It does take some effort to set up and it is worth reading the help information from their website particularly about push and pull fetching.  I haven't found any problems and I have it set up for three Google accounts. Recommended.
Would love to see an option to disable showing of the full e-mail address in the account list and only show the display name. Firstly to save some space in the list, and secondly to not let anyone looking over your screen to know your addresses. Also, email notifications seem to break the back button. I.e. if I click on an email notification, after viewing the email, pressing back does not return me to the previous, but the home screen. Thanks!
I've used k9 for several years, and generally really liked it. Over the past couple of years, though, it has simply gotten too slow to be functional. Opening a message takes several seconds, as does returning to the message list. I didn't know if it was my phone ( note 2), my server, or k9. I just downloaded aqua, and though I haven't used it enough to know if I actually like it, it seems to do the trick and opens messages quickly.
If you are looking for a mail app that does everything and I mean everything that a full blown desktop mail app can do then look no further. I especially needed an app that gave me the ability to create identities on accounts and to set a "reply to" address on an account and K9 came to the rescue. There are so many advanced settings it is clear that the author wrote this due to not finding anything out there that could do what he wanted. Highly recommended mail app. Also works 100% on a Blackberry Z10.
I've loved K-9 mail since I first got my Xperia but last update made it perfect! Right from notification bar new K-9 email can be selected and buttons on side let me choose  and delete individual mail. Color selections are fun too. Highly recommend. Sometimes my email arrives on phone before computers. Still working flawlessly on MOTO X2 - Lollipop!  New mail notifications always appear on lock screen (Nova launcher) and even show on watch (MOTO 360) so for the folks that aren't being notified I suggest checking your other app settings.  K9 mail even allows for replies by sliding down from notification bar!  I use my phone for business emails and K-9 Mail has never let me down.
K-9 is installed on my LG Optimus F3 and is configured for an IMAP Email account and a GMAIL account.  The synchronization is flawless.  Emails arrive within seconds.  Polling is turned off!  K-9 is an app that you will appreciate more as you learn its features.  I've been using it about 6 months.  My opening page displays the two accounts where I can select all the Email, just Unread Email, or the IMAP folders.  Each account has a different Home key color and sound notification.  To be absolutely, sure K-9 was the best for my needs, I evaluated several IMAP Email clients for synchronization, usability, and most importantly, battery drain.  K-9 draws the least power; much less than the default Email client that came with the phone.  Take some time to understand the setup menus, and you will be rewarded with an Email client that will do a fantastic job.
I have been using this app for quite a while now,  no complaints,  great app except there is no junk filter! Anything to solve this problem in the near future Dear Developers ? (I don't want to relay my emails via Gmail...)
I've used K9 for some years happily, although I really don't like the very childish capital letter highlight of each message on list view, but I can't seem to get rid of it. Now won't send email at all, despite applying this morning's fix. Note 4 running lollipop.
Superb  work done by team . Those who want simple, fast and good UI app, go for it. Though wish 2 changes... 1. Should have more than 2 themes 2. Search option should work in all emails rather than mere 25 immediately downloaded mails...otherwise good work..keep it up.
This app is great! All the functionality of AOSP email and Gmail, and even more! The ability to aet multiple 'from:' addresses is what really sells this app to me. It does look a little odd on Android 5+ though, because it still uses the older Holo design.
I love the interface. It will be my client of choice once I can get it to recognise my openmailbox account. So far username and password come back with errors even though they are correct. Also unfortunately the app can't be moved to SD without total loss of  app data
Features are awesome as it's truly the best email client I've used. Although, on my xperia at least, this app drains the battery noticeably. I notice it's always keeping wake locks up and I assume this is so that it receives emails as they come, but,  even when I change the poll settings to "never" it still hits the battery pretty good. Still a bad a*# email client though.
I have used this for a while, and it was great. Now, for some reason, it is so slow as to be unusable. Scrolling the list of messages takes 10 seconds or more, so long that the Android says the app is unresponsive. I have taken the steps to clear data, but that has not helped.  If they get it fixed, I'll give it 5 stars again. That is, if I go back to it, as I HAVE to find another email app. This one is not at all usable.
I have used K-9 for a number of years. It previously worked wonderfully. However, it now constantly freezes and crashes. Displaying a single email can regularly take 30 seconds. I would dearly love to see this wonderful app updated to resolve these problems. Running on Note 4, latest stock Verizon Android version.
MS forced users to switch to their lousy new Outlook app, so I needed a new email client. So far so good with K9. All my email accounts now working in 1 easy to use and highly customizable app. Thanks K9!
In recent months it has developed an annoying habit of mis-reporting the number of new emails. It constantly reported new mail when none existed. I have switched to Type Mail and so far so good.
Now it moves read and unread emails around in the inbox, rather than keeping them in chronological order. Because emails are grouped by thread, unread emails also appear as though they have been read. Very annoying feature
If it worked, it'd be the best. Plean to of blogs on line to help with all the folder syncing issues. But never did access any folders except Inbox. (Yahoo email address)
Exporting account settings to device memory or external storage is done easily. However the other device is INCAPABLE of retrieving that information from local storage for import. The import procedure INSISTS that you provide a file from a cloud service (Google Drive or Drop Box). I find that to be an insecure option.
Better than Gmail app! I use it with my own domain name...set up in a couple minutes (vs. the huge frustration of trying to get it to work in Gmail). App is faster and better than Gmail. My only complaint is.... why isn't there a version to install on my PC so I can abandon Google altogether?
At long last, after a nearly two year wait, something finally got fixed and my GoDaddy IMAP account is working properly again.  Just in time, since I was getting sick of the Android built-in app, and its shortcomings.
Does not properly fit the screen of a Galaxy Note 4 as there is some bleed through on the left hand side from whatever wallpaper the user has on their home screen. This makes the themes look a little weird. Good app othwerwise.
It's slow, gets stuck loading on junk all the time, difficult to configure and a nightmare to add aliases. However, I can very highly recommend "nine" which is so much better. It's honestly worth every penny.
When there are images in the body of the message fit to screen makes all the texts of the body very small and the image is full width of the screen.  This makes reading the content very difficult since it is so small. I am using Samsung 6 edge. Worked perfectly on Samsung s4. The 250 maximized font size is ignored.
This is a fine choice of e-mail apps, especially because it is open-source and has no ads. The interface is primitive and confusing, but you'll figure it out eventually. I had problems setting up my accounts, but that was my fault for not using the automatic settings.
Used to really like. I changed my password on on Gmail and for some reason refuses to take my new password. The app doesn't give proper error messages so I have no idea what is wrong. Google complains that this app doesn't meet security standards anymore. Was great hoping it gets fixed up but for now I am begrudgingly moving to the official Gmail app
Works perfectly and is easier than Maildroid to set up.  However, if I get (for instance) 10 emails on my gmail account, I also get 10 (sound) notifications.  Is it possible to just get one notification no matter how many emails have just arrived?
Ne fonctionne pratiquement plus depuis Android 5.1: interface lente, défilement dans les BaL impossible, messages lents à afficher. Nombreux utilisateurs se plaignent de ce problème, mais rien ne semble bouger. Dommage, cette appli m'avait donné satisfaction jusqu'ici.
This is one of the worst most complicated user-unfriendly apps I've ever tried. I don't care how secure and powerful it is. It's a pain and I immediately uninstall it every time I try it. Play along with Google Apps, Gmail, and others and make it easier for people to set these up.
This is one of the best Email apps on android. .I can even get microsoft exchange on it.  The only problem I am having is getting Microsoft Outlook to work on it.   Also I wish it had widgets.  Probably should have given it 5 stars.
I installed K9 in my Sony Xperia more than a year and a half ago and has always worked perfectly. The Sony mail app was AWFUL. I recently purchased another phone and installed it there also... VERY GOOD
This is one of the best mail apps out there, however I keep losing draft mails as I'm writing them. If the app loses focus (or whatever the equivalent to 'focus' on android), my new message goes into the nothingness. And this results in me getting frustrated and saying all sorts of curse words. The program should save the draft every while and then (every 30 seconds would be good), and immediately when it loses focus (such as when a call comes). Generally my phone is low on memory, and this is probably what's causing this problem to happen.
I selected the option to remove messages from the server when I delete them in k-9, but it won't actually do it. I've Googled this to death and found lots of "solutions" on various forums, none of which have worked for me. The app should simply do what the option selected SAYS it will do.
Recently this app hangs on sync. Sucks the life out of my phone and will not work without a full phone reboot. Sadly it may be time to find something else which saddens me greatly.
It's pretty decent. Have been using it foe a long time. Only one complain. I wish I can bring an item back out of the trash and back to my in box. Occasionally if I accidentally moved an item to trash, there's no way for me to undo it.
I have been quite happy with this app. However, recently I have been facing a problem. Though I have set the download mail size to be only 32kb, I have been receiving mails with the entire size of attachments, even beyond 32kb. This has led to an increase of my data charges exponentially!!!
I love everything about it, but the only thing keeping it from a 5 is that my system managers tell me that it restarts constantly. Sometimes as often as every minute. You don't see this without the managers, but I can tell with my battery performance. I just reinstalled it. If it seems like it stopped, I'll change it to a 5!
my preferrered mail client for android.  behaves nicely, very flexible, doesn't get in the way, snoop or come sneaking back when told to go away, unlike the vendor email & gmail clients. unfotunately it has decided to set a default account on it's own recently, overriding my long standing preference and ignoring changes. this has caused problems that cannot be fixed. i don't know why it's been changed to do that but i want it to heed my preference.
For private email clients I have found no better app. No ads, no useless junk. I have used this app since I have had a smart phone. Tried others for different reasons always come back.
It's old, slow, and cranky. Is K9 even being supported anymore or has it been sent to the software nursing home?
I love this app, but since the last update I can't open any attachments, not pictures or PDFs or Office documents.  The opening application says the file is corrupt.
This app crashes, at a minimum, daily. Sometimes it will crash several times per day. My favorite thing is when I get 500 notifications for the same email. Love that. Also, the nice 4 gig burn on my data from the turd running all night was a great surprise. Do yourself a favor and skip this app.
I've used K-9 Mail for several years on four devices.  It is reliable, and offers the flexibility of customizable options to meet almost anyone's needs. It is the only email app I have used that I haven't replaced.
But lately seems to be having problems.  I get certificate errors every couple of weeks and the only recommended solution is to delete and reinstall my accounts. It also seems to forget that I want messages deleted from the server anytime an update to the software is made, causing me to have to delete email twice, the second time when I use a different device.
It's a nice app. However, it's very inflexible when it comes to  customisation. Some of the steps one has to go through to do simple tasks  are annoying, seem unnecessary, and not well-designed.
I thought this app was brilliant, but have been forced to uninstall because it keeps getting stuck when polling. It does not seem to like android 5.
I have been using K9 for many, many years. Then I decided to try Outlook thinking it would be better.... Was rubbish. This is definitely the best email client out there for Android.
The app says that there is a problem syncing when I try to set up my account. I cannot send or receive emails. Please assist me.
This was my go to mail client for years.  I was comfortable with it and loved it.  Recently, I have had some issues I can't resolve and there doesn't seem to be an easy way to get tech support.  The issue now is that gmails keep getting pulled down to phone even after read and deleted on phone.  Only non read mail should be pulled down.  I'm looking for a new app as I can't figure out how to fix what should normally be an easy fix.
i loved the app. I had no other choice but to uninstall it due to more power consumption.  My battery life reduced to almost half.  I could see over 20% constant usage of cpu by this app and frequent restarting of the app.
Could you please relocate move to trash button? it is right under the thumb and i have deleted so many e-mails just accidentally! thanks in advance
An excellent email client that I have been using for years on various Android devices and through many different Android versions. Thanks a lot to the developers for their continuing work. It seems many users are blaming the app for "not syncing" issues that are clearly related to power saving settings in newer Android versions. The app needs to be exempt from power saving to do its job - and then it does it perfectly.
When changing my DPI to anything lower than stock on my Nexus 6 the DPI of K9 doesn't change.  This is terrible as I do not like the huge DPI.  Also there's still no way to disable the Account Colors on the left which take up screen space.
Not sure what's going on. I've been using this for years and all of a sudden it's slowed to a crawl. Just picking emails to delete has been a nightmare. I've compacted the database, deleted trash emails, nothing works to speed this up anymore. Please fix it.
80% of the time, deleting email's results in crash notification: "Unfortunately K-9 Mail has stopped." just too irritating to accept. Submitting crash reports have resulted in no feedback from K-9 let alone a problem fix.  It's really a shame because it has my favorite look & features. Manage 2 important POP3 email accounts & need better reliability /stability.
Great app! Very convenient and useful. The only feature I would like to have: is there any possibility to turn on "Auto sync" on mobile networks? It eats my battery and traffic a lot. If it were implemented, it's definitely 5 stars.
Constant AUTH PLAIN failed when sending.  K9 also has a bug where it can partially download a message, just partial headers and then can never get the whole message, the email then appears to be corrupted and listed as 'no subject', and nothing will bring it back. Also, related... k9 can't retrieve attachments over phone data these days. Only WiFi.  Needs fix. Gone crap.
I love this app, but it seems a recent update has moved the reply, reply all and forward buttons to a submenu in the menu: menu -&gt; send -&gt; reply.  That's tedious and it took me five minutes to find it :( Please change that back to buttons as before!  I'm on an Asus TF701t, the above is the case for landscape and portrait mode.
Though I have used K-9 Mail for over a year, I'd not posted a review.  I'm still using it so what ielse need be said?  Well, there is more.  I was prompted to post today because they just put out an update for an issue caused by an Android component update.  While it took weeks for this response, it now works again for me and in a world where sometimes these updates seem to never come, weeks is pretty good.
K9 is a great email client. The potential PGP integration is a killer feature. The only thing it needs is interface improvements. A material design makeover would do wonders for this app.
EDIT: Privacy/security leak will be fixed with next major update.  Privacy/security risk: K-9 honours meta-refresh and will open browser links directly upon opening a mail which uses them. That is VERY bad.  Other than that, it is very user un-friendly, ugly and doesn't work all too good.  Still, it is one of the few non-cloud based email clients, which is very sad.
K-9 still has some basic issues. I found an email in my sent folder that I was looking for. No problem.  Later in the day, it  (and a few others) were suddenly gone from the sent folder even though it is in the sent folder when viewed from my desktop client.
The only email client I would trust (open sourced) while also supporting reply email configuration (Reply-To and From fields).  If you're finding the other email clients a bit lacking/bare or you're finding it does not allow you to tailor the way you do email, give K9 a go. It hasn't disappointed me so far.
It's an amazing mailer giving you full control over your email handling. I think other commentators can hardly blame k9mail for their technical issues; sometimes "bad" mail providers just don't enable all features. and it's definitely possible to get lost in the extensive settings that are individual per added account. I use 4 accounts and I am very satisfied.
Works fine most of the time but, apparently by faulty design, gets stuck in loops when something doesn't go it's way. One example is a failed send. It will try forever to get the message sent that results in persistent notifications with a rapid blinking notification light that eats battery. The message is no longer in the out box so there's no way to stop it. There's also no setting for disabling that notification. The only resolution is to disable or uninstall the app.
I love all of the app. Especially read receipt for my work emails. The problem is that it doesn't sync anymore. I have tried everything short of reinstalling it.  Edit: tried reinstalling it, no change.
Incoming mail is working but outgoing isn't.  Keeps saying invalid name or password... which I have correct.  Even changed my password to see if the reset would create different results.  Seems like a chill app... disappointed it won't work for me
I've been using K-9 for years and loved it.  Unfortunately the latest releases (5.1 and up) are so full of bugs and annoying/unnecessary UI changes that it's become unusable.  I don't know what new programmers or philosophy you now have but you've managed to take what was probably the best Android email client and destroyed it. Luckily I was able to downgrade to an older version and will use it for the time being until I have to find something else.  For those out there who haven't upgraded yet DON'T!
Used work great for many years now as my all in one email app. Recently it cannot send from Gmail account unless one changes the google account security settings to "allow less secure apps" then all is back to usual function. Why is K9 now a less secure app? I don't think it's reasonable to lower your overall account security just to get this app to work properly.
I am unable to authenticate any of my email accounts. It gives me the error that my password is incorrect, but my password is perfectly fine verified it on another app. Not sure why this is going on but hopefully there's a fix soon.
I have been using k9 for over 4 years. All this time it has been very reliable, connected to 7 emails accounts both pop and imap with push notifications.  But since upgrading to Lollipop major battery drain issues. Install k9 and my battery is empty  in 4 to 5 hours, remove k9 and battery is still at 68% after 11 hours. K9 does not show on battery usage stats but stats for android  system jump from 1% to 15% when k9 installed. Giving 5 stars for years  of great service. Hoping lollipop issues fixed soon
Buttons at top on new big phones not good. Share hard to get to and not availiable in message list view. Scroll cursor in the way of star botton. Try to star a message and scrolls instead. Phone numbers not clickable or hyperlinked. Bad deal for a cell phone app. All these things are very frustrating on the Galaxy s5. All worked great with old version on Evo 4g. Use them all the time and makes me want to find a new app. Have to also get emails sent to stock email to call, then go to K9 to fight and share.
Really like this app but would be 5* awesome if in the next release you could add a swipe to delete function and a number by the desktop icon saying how many new emails have arrived.  Thanks and keep up the good work!
I have used and loved this app for a few years now across 3 or more phones, but just recently it stopped retrieving e-mail for no reason although settings are correct. Have switched to default mail app which is boring but actually works. :(
Cannot connect to server. Really? I am on my browser using the internet fine. I am logged in through the browser which is impractical but this is even more impractical.
Latest update fixed problem where links opened within the email client.  Back to five stars.
One of the best email front end for android l have seen but only 4 stars as it is missing a must have feature all other email programs have: the icon on your screen not only does not tell you how many unread messages you have but it doesn't even change to tell you that you have received a new email.  The only way to find out is to launch the app. Come on guys, even Microsoft knew how to do that 25 years ago!
It's great even though it's a free. I paid for Kaiten mail and it's based on k9 but broken because there is no update.
K9 mail is hands down best email app for Android. . Better than factory installed mail.  Trouble getting attachments or sync notifications? . K9 solves all problems.
The most email clients allows you to load up to 500 emails but the k-9 allows much more. Last week loaded up to 2120  unread it  emails
Since installing this app I'm getting 10 times more junk mail. The developer is selling email lists to spammers. Nice.
I have used this app for my email for years and it was really good until a few months ago.  Since then the performance has been terrible and it crashed multiple times per day.  Even doing something as simple as opening an email.  This week it has stopped showing new emails.  I get notifications that I have new email but when I open the app the newest message in my inbox is from 5 days ago.  Please fix these issues or I will have to continue using another app.
Great email client for Android, if you have the skill and patience to set up your IMAP accounts manually.  Ability to adjust FONT size is limited when using on a Tablet.  On a high-res screen, you'll need your magnifying reading glasses.    I'm running K9 on my Chromebook via the Google ARC Welder re-packaging environment.  It works well except you can't deal with attachments because K9 doesn't know how to deal with the Chrome OS file system.  (Chrome OS is lacking a complete email client for combining email accounts.)    Build a Chrome OS version, and give us older folks larger fonts and this would be a five star app.
I am a new convert to Android coming from Blackberry which used to have auto bcc but got rid of it in its latest operational software.  Therefore, I appreciate K9 a lot because my work email is Pop 3 so my sent work emails on my phone don’t show up on my desktop unless I can bcc and your auto bcc does that so I have a complete file of my emails on my desktop at work.
Within first 5 min of setting up, it's pretty obvious that this software is infinitely better than stock Gmail app. Doesn't spy on you like Gmail app does (check the hidden .face folder that fills when Gmail app runs, change file extensions to .jpg to see) This app has a very friendly intuitive feel to it and even the notifications are more helpful! Highly recommend! UPDATE: Dinged one star for annoying "feature" that I can't disable: scrollbar on right interferes w/ starring emails. Have to open them. :/
This is a very customizable email app that does everything you want from an email app.  I didn't love it the first time I tried it, but after spending a few minutes setting it up the way I want it, I realize it's the best email app available!  Keep up the good work! It would be nice if there was a local folder where emails could be saved and not lost when it's not in the most recent 25/50/...
Used to be 5 stars before the update. It's now very sluggish on my Note 4 running Lollipop. Still usable but not as slick as before.
Works well with multiple accounts.  Simple clean interface.  What more could you want.  One of my mail accounts is Hotmail.  When I heard that Microsoft was changing the Outlook app to something worse, I tried K9 with Hotmail and it worked perfectly.  (I also use it with another private email account that I have.)    BTW all the complaining about the new Outlook app seems to be nonsense as it works perfectly.  Still use K9 with my other email account.
Good app I have it on several devices,it desperately needs a save/copy to function, I find it hard to believe I can't do this!,and sync to other devices,starting to look very dated
Update to version 4.4 is great.  I'm using K-9 since years. It's getting better and better. Thanks to all developers!
This app has always been great but recently it's killing my battery in less than 8 hours :(
The best POP/SMTP mail client, of those I've tried, available from Play Store.  Four issues short of a 5-start rating: 1.  The too-frequent 'crash and die' failures. 2.  No indication of which account I'm dealing with when in any of the settings pages. Perhaps the account name beside the page title [Settings - nsaportal@gmail.con] would be a solution. 3.  No spelling checker (please start with en-gb ;-).  4. The 'Unread messages' indicator shown on the widget selector, doesn't exist.  However, these minor 'niggles' won't stop me using K-9 or send me out in search of a replacement. Big-ups to the developers; excellent work! Is this project still in development or are these issues never going to be addressed?
All around a great email client.  Unfortunately, I need PGP support, and K-9 doesn't support PGP/MIME-encoded messages.  That's the only thing holding me back from giving five stars.
Used to be great. Now get annoying certificate errors.
battery reports 15%battery usage ,ouch! Tried limiting connection time to no avail.  K9 remainsin memory when exciting, not good.  I understand  services still run, but program should not be in memory when properly exciting. I get a ton of k-9 errors regularly. It needs a serious maintenance update. Is anyone else having any issues? Time to move on. no dev support what so ever for theadapp. No support. No updates.gone to k-@mail worksgreat!  Lowbattery  usage! Aqua mail looksgoodtoo, but like getK-@ ✉
I've had this phone a year now.... why did I never hear of this app!!!??? Built in pgp signing and encryption is great. I just don't like how it shows labels in Gmail. .. hundreds of expanded sub labels instead of in a collapsible folder like display otherwise a great app.
Love it. Tried so many but always I come back to this one. Just needs text formatting BUT no more text wrapping? Serious?
And when it's not crashing... It's very slow.
Used it on different devices. Really good functionallity... BUT one thing always made me uninstall (and reinstall) it: once it is running on a system for a longer period of time... it starts draining.the battery like crazy. It ever happens right away, but on all devices I used it on  it suddenly starts...without any kind of recognizable cause. Didn't happen after an update, no change to the system whatsoever, no other apps recently installed.that could interfere with it. Finally giving up on it for good!
Great app that gets the job done.   Was having issues with the official outlook app.   Used it in the past and knew it was the right solution to my problems
Uninstalled it because the icon is so lame that i felt ashamed every time i looked it. It is simply too childish and very far from being professional or geek. Awful experience...
The best email client, I miss windows/linux versions. It has sometimes refresh/reload issues, but it does exactly what it should.
Until I stopped receiving notifications so had to uninstall and use a different app. Was working fine on LG Flex but now on Huawei Mate7. Love the options though.
A wonderful mail app that has always done the job for me across a bunch of different android devices and versions. I especially like how it keeps the different mail accounts apart and how customizable it is per account. Keep up the great work on this app!
Excellent app. Does exactly what it should. Very configurable and very easy to set up. No problems at all. Highly recommended. I switched from the terrible MS Outlook app and definitely would never go back!
I often have problems with synchronisation between devices
I used to live the app but now I get emails sporadically even though my phone is set to push. Finding another more reliable email app.
So many times i've tried k9 mail now and came back disappointed every time. It crashes randomly, is impossible to set up with Exchange and does not even properly support Push! The app boasts to be best android email app but in fact is not even better than the stock android mail client. Quite the contrary! In stock client you just enter MS Exchange email address and password, done. Not so in k9! Maybe one day when k9 mail does not suck I'll give it 5 stars. Until then,  1 star for repeatedly wasting my time.
Nice app but this REALLY needs a move or undelete function for POP accounts to be able to retrieve accidental deletions from the trash folder. Otherwise I'd give this 5 stars.
This is definitely the best email app on Android when it comes to functionality. However, more and more apps are now adopting the Material design and I would love to see k9 do the same. Are we to expect  any updates?
All those filters to use to search with!! Easy to use, good looking UI, and smooth. Best part its open source!! Access all your email accounts and get notifications. Great development!!***Working great on all my devices (Acer a500, Nexus 7, HTC One V, LG Tribute,  Kyocera Event, Nextbook 8, Nabi 2, And Bluestacks on PC). Loving it!!
Recently saw massive battery drain and it somehow managed to use 2gb of data in a couple of hours which meant I had to buy more mobile data. Couldn't stop the app so restarted everything. It's a bit better but still chewing through data (not as bad as before but still much more than previpusly)  checked all my emails no massive attachments or anything like that. If it keeps happening I'm offski. I can't afford to keep buying data for my phone
I couldn't get it to connect to my Gmail account, it just kept throwing errors. A lot of problems reported with Gmail connectivity, so I tried all the fixes I could find, but the errors just kept changing. Waste of time.
My favorite email client due to the customizability, but the interface has been a bit slow of late on marshmallow, especially when selecting checkbooks in message lists
Wouldn't sync my Gmail without 'allowing less secure apps' in Google account settings, which I didn't like. However the Gmail app is now so bloated and slow on my phone that I had to find an alternative and, apart from the security concern, this seems to work faster.
I've used k-9 for over 3 years on 4 phones and it still remains very practical. No unneeded bells and whistles.
5 stars compared with the alternatives,  but it would be SO much better if it had local folders & could UPLOAD to imap accounts for full bidirectional imap functionality.
I've been using k9 for several years now, run 3 emails on it, without any issues. - download mails once and read them offline
I've been using K-9 for several years. My email supplier recently changed the required security authentication to not allow SSL security.  K-9 only has SSL/TLS grouped.  So, it no longer works.  I'm gonna miss my K-9 mail app.
Not sure if by design, opened message clicked on the show pictures button. Closed message, reopened same message later, and the show pictures button was there, but the message was still showing pictures. How does one revert the message back to its original state without the pictures showing?
Now I start missing some advanced touchscreen features, eg swiping to move, archive, postpone. Need to many taps to move email between folders...
k9-Mail app does not have Exchange Active Sync Support. I liked the App but no Activesync... Can't Use it
Notifications work well. While you can select All emails, this app needs the ability to select specific and  multiple  emails to move or delete.  If they can add this feature, I will give it 5 stars.
Does not push even though I tweaked the settings. Deleted emails remained on server and I had to do double the work. Uninstalling now.
Fantastic app. Only problem (small but major) is not being able to copy text when in the drafting screen.
More often than not, hangs up in returning from email.  Get not responding msg, and have to kill it.
I've been using K-9 for a couple of years now and it is simply a must have. It can be challenging to set up but once you do, it works great. As a UX engineer, I notice a few pain points but I'm happy to use it. I recently migrated to a new phone and tried the export/import process. Happy to say it was a success! Thanks K-9 team...
My favourite email client when it comes to customizations, however the seemingly unsolved issues below makes me go for other alternatives : - great drain on battery of almost 60% which reduces battery life while the phone is idle - lots of heat generated from idle phone use  - frequent app crashes
I've used K-9 for almost nine months and I love it! Super powerful and is rock solid. F/LOSS FTW!
Great app, works flawlessly, only issue i have is on my gmail i have 3 other accounts linked to the same gmail account using pop3 accounts with gmail, while all of them do successfuly sync fine in the right folders, id like to see the option to reply from the same address, for eg if i recieve from email2 or 3, to use the same reply address it recieved from, rather than the master account mail, i otherwise cant complain, serves me flawlessly
I am trying various email apps, and this is one of the better ones but...  no text view for messages, no source view, no encryption support, no html editing on replies or new messages, no calender support, no mark as not-spam... well that is enough.  I thought it was more complete based upon the reviews, but it seems the reviewers just don't know any better.  I will try it again when those features have been added.
Does not filter crappy spam emails. Therefore I'm giving this app 3 stars!
Used this for a long time and really can't fault it. This is a proper, enterprise grade, email client for your dog and bone.
Everything I want in a mail client. But please consider adding a desktop widget that lists emails, just like the default android email client.
Gmail says less secure app and denies access unless "allow access to less secure apps is enabled". Is it a thing to worry...
I have used several email apps and this appears to be one of the best, if not the best. Keep up the great work. Much better than the system email app on my LG G4.
Only 3 stars since you still haven't fixed the bug that makes the message list scroll when I click on the star for a message.
Too many certificate errors when my signal is intermittent taking up the one bulb I have for notifications.
Since the last update it is very slow to open messages and even slower when I try to delete them.
Although it isn't perfect, it comes far closer than any other Android mail app I'm aware of.
When I receive a mail I get a double notification, it says that I got two mails. Opening the app just shows one mail and I only have one account. This account is set with webdav/owa. I tried deleting the app data and reconfiguring the account but the double mail notifications still appear. Also more often than not, the app stops synchronizing for no apparent reason. It says "next synch at xx" but when the time comes no action is done.
Works flawlessly with self-signed TLS1 certificates on my own IMAP server where old Gmail App refused to. User interface has good balance between familiarity -- it looks close enough to Gmail and customizability -- way more mail options are available for tweaking, it is possible to use client certificates instead of passwords.
If you want a great e-mail app, with user-friendly interface, all of the functions you can think of and a nice widget, then look no further. I have been using it for years and I never found myself missing a feature. If there would be anything I wish the devs to improve, it would be more themes.
I used this app a while back but forgot about it when I switched phones multiple times.  I've recently reinstalled it and have to say I'm impressed with the progress. It was already a solid app but it keeps improving. It's clear their developers are very active in continuing to improve usability.
...but even after 4 years use it is still the best organised mail client I've seen.
Sky have clearly changed something as now keeps saying Certificate Error so until it starts working I have to give it a lower rating. The same has happened to another app on another family phone
This app stores email passwords & usernames in plain text in preferences_storage database. I verified myself & (after using an online base64 decoder from a 1sec google search) my password was there plain as day. What this means: ROOTED PHONE: any app with root access, or person (or malicious software) using your phone now has access to all your email passwords. NON-ROOTED PHONE: All it takes is an adb backup (requires pluging a usb cable into phone) Or, malicious software using exploit to gain root access to file, stealing passwords. K-9 Mail isn't only mail app with this vulnerability. To test if your passwords are vulnerable: re-start phone, access mail app. If you are able to download & read mail without entering any password, your passwords are VERY vulnerable. But also, even if you have to enter a password you could still be vulnerable depending on how the app stores your passwords. More research would be needed at that point.
Creates too many push connections. Resulting in problems for any other devices connected to the gmail account.
One of the few offering so many choices.  I needed it particularly for it's ability to add a reply to address option.  As it now adds group emails from contacts it is just superb.   Well done K9
This should be the standard email client on Android. Secure FOSS with integrated PGP encryption. There's nothing better. Only improvement could be updating the design to conform with current Android design guidelines. 9.5/10
Good app. Currently experiencing a bug where the contents of PGP signed emails disappears once the signature validation box appears.
Now doesn't work.  Doesnt consistently sync & I get 3 copies of the same email when it does sync
I just downloaded this and it will not allow me to add any accounts. Neither the manual setup nor the next button will highlight.
Stopped using it for blue mail. Kept having sync problems.  What's with the STUPID ICON
Would need a master password to enter before getting access to all e-mails and accounts
This app works well on the most basic email functionalities, but it's quite frustrating not to be able to searh old email on the server. I moved to another app...
Latest version causing major hangups on multiple handhelds.
Any email I try to add results in this error popping up. This is my go to email client. Please fix this. Only happens on my Moto X running Lollipop.
I used to like this app, when I primarily used it in on WiFi.  Now that I use it more frequently with Mobile, I've been having a lot of problems -- especially seeing lots of errors when sending email, and other random "Connection Error" when attempting to read a message.  Not very happy.
There is no longer a reply button in the message view. You have to exit out to the messages list and long click. You have got to be kidding me.
I like this a lot.  I need a combined inbox for several email accounts. May be Yahoo,  may be K-9, but I haven't worked out yet how to stop getting emails from Yahoo saying I have had an unauthorised login attempt.
I have been very happy with K-9 (Lollipop@Nexus5) , but by July 2015, all of sudden, emails from one my 3 accounts stopped being displayed in unified box...is there any way to sort this out?...if not, I'll have to change.
Multiple accounts, spam filter, a lot of customization available. I've been using it for more than 5 years
'Sync Server Deletions' doesn't seem to be working, even though checked. I manually cleared out 27,000 emails in Trash and app sped up.
Improved look and feel in last version. Whichever email client I try keep coming back to K9. Best email client on Android. Beats Samsung's email client by far on Note devices.
But it has been force closing constantly since the last update.  Sometimes when i'm not even looking at the app.  Not happy.  Please fix this.
The setting to always delete from server when I delete doesn't stay set in Android 5.1.1. .. And you make it too hard too report bugs via that web site. Sorry.
appears to have the most options/features of any email client for android. but on the down side it does not support google 2 step verification
K-9 Mail does a really good job thanks in large part to its comprehensive range of configuration options which allow me to set it up to work the way I want. Thank you!
I keep going and changing my settings to delete stuff of the server (pop3) when I delete it here ..... and then the next day (or two) my settings have changed BACK to NOT delete stuff off the server !!!
K-9 has been good so far. The last few days went I go into the k-9 it closes me out. Not sure why, figure someone can check into to this issue.
Now, it just keeps freezing up - it has become unusable.
Absolutely great
As of recent, adding Gmail accounts is broken using automatic settings. I receive an error about needing to sign in on the web.
Not only connects to Gmail but allows you to move your email around, too!  Will even connect securely to SmartMail!  The man is right - a Linux version would be awesome!
Manual Account Settings is deeply buried. Otherwise, I keep loving my faithful email doggie
im a blind k9 mail user. and i use talkback on my android phone. i found unlabled buttuns i dont know what the buttuns are can this problam get fix
It has all a good MUA needs for me. And it should not have more. The best replacement for the limited stock MUA.
It's utterly ridiculous that you can't simultaneously add multiple attachments, and have to go through workaround loops to do so.
Deleting emails still!!!! Will only leave an email in ANY folder fit 24 hours and then they disappear from the entire phone!  Thanks.  That's why I added it.
Is there a way to retrieve my onion mail with this.  Tried sending through orbot but errors server not available
Messages Won't auto load. I have to refresh the app in order to receive new emails. I thought that this problem was solved in the 1990's!
I used this application for a number of years. I started getting "failed to send email" notifications and the app appeared to be degrading over time.
A great mail app for my Yahoo mail. I don't want/need all the bloat of the Yahoo app (news, weather etc.) Just want to read my mail in a dark themed  window. Thanks devs!
Has been working great for years, now all of the sudden it will not poll my emails - love the app, but if it doesn't work will have to uninstall....
It was not filtering spam for me at all, and since I get lots in my two accounts, my Galaxy was whistling practically non-stop alerting me to each of the dozens of spam messages coming in.
I am unable to save email attachments to my SD Card. I'm currently on Lollipop using Galaxy S4.
if there was a way to backup settings AND emails for exporting to a new device i would give it full marks.
Stopped working on both our phones. No amount of effort could fix it. Finally downloaded another app
I have used K9 since my first Android device. Easily handles multiple accounts and simplifies managing your email. Currently using it on a Samsung Galaxy Note 3
The best and most reliable email client available on Android. Would love to see the UI updated to Material Design.
The email supposed contain a pdf file, however it shown as winmail.dat   any ideas how to fix it?
Love this K9 email..after most emails I had that I last they stated I invalid email like please o no my email l got buggy this one's on its way
The app would be fine if I my emails would notify me the instant I get an email.  Is there any way to make this possible?  If not then this is really no different from any other email app.
Great that this works with my Hotmail account and that it allows large text for reading mail. Improvements would include the ability to edit Hotmail contacts and the enlargement of message composition text. It's too small.
By far, the best email program on Android.   I cleared the data for the Gmail app and disabled it because I much prefer K9. It supports IMAP and multiple accounts better than Gmail or the stock Android mail app.
The same configuration works for the others but not this app. I don't know why.
Forwarding attachments fails frequently and old emails keep showing up as "new" at the bottom of the list.
Major issue with Google accounts and security will not let us sign in for an account
Has support for multiple emails account been lost? Just installed on Galaxy S5 and menu options are gone.
The only serious choice for those of us still holding out against the Gmail hegemony.
Love this app unfortunately I can't live without threaded view by subject in the unified mailbox... So I have to go back to Gmail app until k9 fixes this :-(
Gpg added to an andriod app, that is upheld by free-software/open-source traditions; like mailing-lists, irc, bug-tracker.....the least I could donis add a poditive review.
I seemed fine at first, but then I realized half the time emails from my gmail account arrived I got no notifications, so I have to switch to another app.
Expunge doesn't  work.  Deleted and expunged files come right back to the inbox on the next poll.
This is the best email client for android especially  if you use gpg. But I have a suggestion, would it be possible to add support for subfolders?
Please fix the certification error. I have it every 2 hours. That's not acceptable.
Unable to fetch mail on Samsung Note 4 for Nexus 7 for the longest time now I force shut the application like I used to when changing a fetching time but that doesn't work anymore either to fetch the mail on an interval
On my Galaxies: Tab, S2 & now A3 - such a great email client - I hardly ever use email on my PCs now. Thanks K9 crew!
How am i going to sign in??? It is not suitable for my gmail login
All email accounts in one convenient, easy to use app that also has many options for customizing to your preferences. Overall functionality is the best I've seen in a mobile email app.
Unable to save attachments to ext sd card. Planning to shift to other clients.
K9 is the only email app I have found to offer full email management and adaptability. I sometimes try other, 'pretty pretty' email apps, but I always prefer this trusty dog.
Nice app, quick developer response to fix issues created by new Android releases
I have used this app for yrs but recently I have had to force stop it as it has been not responding. Unfortunately I'm going to have to find a different app until this is fixed!
Used and liked it for several years, drains the battery!
This App keeps deleting my Emails and giving me errors.
Good app but for some reason when I click mark all read it marks them all read until I refresh then they all become unread again. Hope this gets fixed soon.
Loved the software until I changed my email password, then I've had nothing but problems.
Been using this app for years. Great email app until Zimbra email upgraded it's security feature. Doesn't work after that
Uses too much battery, IMAP works with poll instead of push notifications, ... Miles ahead of anything from what it should be.
Latest version gives error 505 when installing?
For an application that is free, and better than all the paid apps, this is a no-brainer. Do yourself a favor, drop the zeros, and get with the hero! Woof woof, K9 repasent!
The Unix Philosophy isn't possible to implement via an app, but this open-source app seems like the next-best thing for an email app.
This is just a great client. Seriously great. And it's a client, not an app. That means the mail is on the email servers you use, your device, and no where else. No metrics, no service agreements, and it does gpg.
Best email app ever easy to use and great interface
I can't get the push notifications to work on either account. Disappointing.
Features like default poll intervals auto cc (maybe even auto cc myself ) maybe auto attaching (for public keys /vcards)
I like to check my email while pooing.
Everytime when switching from WLAN to 3G or vice versa
When will K9 make a 6x6 widget available?  User after user is searching for this according to a Google search and no developer has jumped on it.
I have no luck to acces my corp email via WorxHome/Citrix. However AquaMail can do it well.
Highly rated.  On my phone - the wonderful Umi Emax - it works way quicker & more reliably than the stock email app. Very pleased
This app crashes more than Evel Knievel!
I love this APP, it works really great & doesn't give you to many problems!!!   I have an older Samsung & it works very well on my phone!
Пишет при попытке  добавить аккаунт для гугл почты: Заблокирована попытка входа в аккаунт­ Яндекс - пашет отлично
Could not open or print PDF attachment message said document my be corrupt I tried it on my mail app and it printed without receiving  any message that the document may be corrupt
Great E-mail client for sending Encrypted Messages.  Integrate with APG app for a complete Encryption solution.  A must have if you serious about Privacy.
Much better than the half baked stock email in Android - and it can delete messages off the server too.
Haven't been to load a single message since the initial install. Shame. This is serious application design flaw. Note: 4 other email client perform this same task in seconds. This app tried for more 5 minutes on several attempts over a 2 week period.
Lately the dates of emails wrong. Today's email says 11/40/2015...
Works on a Nexus 5. But after the latest update seems to be using rather a lot of battery.  Still the highest battery usage of all the apps on the phone.
I still have syncro problem with gmail...
Checking the app will give final rating after a while..
Can't send email because I can't create my Gmail account in the first place. After entering my password, I can't click Next. Poor... XPERIA Z3
Works great does what others can't,  needs a little work on the appearance
Deal breaker!
This app is the sole reason I went with a Galaxy Note 5 vs iPhone 6S plus! This app is not available for iphone.
Please add a SF.
Search doesn't work for server
If you don't like this email app then you haven't taken the time to learn and setup all the features plain and simple
Excellent. Would get 5* if you added an option to blacklist/ block mails.
It always log and hang
Can you make this app sync outlook pop3 account? Since it only sync the unread email only, i cant review with other old email
Superb app..i had no time to check my mails over the pc..with this app i can check aswell as i can delete the mails  from the email server as well..Love it
Lovely app.  Thanks. A delete button next to reply in the quick menu when we get new email notification would be perfect!
K-9 Mail is an open-source e-mail client with search, IMAP push email, multi-folder sync, flagging, filing, signatures, bcc-self, PGP, mail on SD & more! K-9 supports IMAP, POP3 and Exchange 2003/2007 (with WebDAV).
I have been using this app for a few years.   It is easy to set up and works great.  I have it set up with 2 yahoo accounts and 2 gmail accounts.
Not able to download or open attachment.
Unable to deleted multiple mails at a time
Hasn't push notifications ... Even the native android app is better.
Didn't work for gmail.
Fine UI, maybe 5 stars on tablet. Uninstalled from phone. Battery consumption was too high.
Crashes with every try to login
Crashing on nougat. Can't use it
its good and delete unnessasry messages and all contacts 4,to 5 times show contacts combine all first in only phone memery
Still the best option when you want gpg on android! A great product- love the dark theme.
K9 is a great app technology wise, it's very lacking in the design department however.
I'm not receiving notifications of new e-mails, how do I make a notification apper everytime I receive an e-mail, please?
Thanks to developer... I love k9 dogs and I love this app.. Its simple and clean.. I used my mail for 2 days and then I found this app... You guys are rocking... CHEERS
Minus one stars for not supporting mime with pgp.
Powefull and light. Only missing part is support for Exchange 2010 😢. Hope will be sorted out very soon.
Loved this app on my Samsung and now it won't install on my new Sony Xperia Z5
Trying several apps but this one would never connect to my email account.   All the rest did.
K-9 works fine in Asus TF300. Still hoping that weekend turn off of specific accounts was possible!
I've tried all of the other email  apps and K9 is the best. Beats the default Android email app hands down!
jedná se o výchozí emailový klient který se dál vyvíjí pod opensource licencí, mám v něj větší důvěru než v gmail aplikaci.
I cannot archive emails to archive in unified inbox, unlike individual ones. Please enable this ,thanks!
Took me a while to get it set up but it is waiting well and very impressed.
Awesome email client.  Love the features.  Also, their comapion app makes my Sony smart watch worth having.
If it had an option to edit text fonts and use highlighters for messages this would have been the best.
Needs modern mobile email features - swipe to archive/delete, swipe to snooze, etc. Otherwise it works fine.
Loved it, my headache and anxiety are gone
Really free and features rich. It makes encrypting your messages child's play
No longer works with gmail. Looking for a new mail app.
I love this app, so much better than the standard email application.
I liked it very much. I suggest to add  "Find on Message" button while reading an email. Thanks.
Been using this for a long time. All my devices have this.
Please consider to redesign app interface with new and fresh material look for best user experience
Found no documentation and no way to add email accounts.  Was easy program to use last year.
La app mas util para cuentas de gmail y outlook.
Email stays in the outbox even after manually initiating a send command.
Like the app. I appreciate the fact that I can batch delete all messages.  I can't find where to change my signature.
I really love that is not automatically download all the pictures.
Fully functional email apps. Better than the default android app. Connecting easily like a desktop application.
Not for you.
Seems fine. Easy to set up imap-account.
I have 2 email accounts that k9 seems to be handling quite well. No complaints.
Where the hell are they. No swiping from left to bring them up, poor
Sometimes its not that pretty, but it is pretty solid.
It does everything I need
Has everything except encryption
Superb! Love themes, font size, imap working like a charm.
If you need to access multiple accounts on bespoke servers, then this is the one.
Great EMail Client. Thanks. Would be even greater if it had Rich Text for outgoing mail
Easy to set up and install, reliable and free of adware, just what I needed.
Email checking hangs frequently
Unable to sent mails nowadays
Won't work with aol
Great app for having multiple email accounts in one place. I can now uninstall the Gmail app.
They fixed the bug. Back to working amazingly.
Great app but the icon is ugly as hell
Did not connect to Outlook Exchange, so had to uninstall it
No Search facility after email is opened
Admired the seamless cryptography integration. I only wish I was a designer to contribute to the eye candy.
Not yet found how to add folders.  Not yet found how to print.
Works quite well with lots of accounts and customizations.
Install it, configure it, use it. That's it. Simple, useful and does what one expects from an email client.
Won't deliver mail to addresses in Bcc and Cc
25% battery usage
Always worked as well as could be hoped.  Great app
I don't like it. I feel like I can only read half my mail
Very fast and slim mail client. Subfolders could be more convenient.
Very powerful but by God it's ugly. Uninstalled.
I use new email clients but I just keep coming back to this email client
Love this email client.  Works with 3 of my 4 accounts perfectly.
Great product otherwise!
Perfect mail app. I hope someday it will support exchange properly.
Covers all my email needs
Can`t fault it. Every conceivable variable. Bomb proof. Great. Thanks Guys.
This is a what I was looking for , thanks for keeping it 100% add free
No support, can't get it running
Best mail app on Google play , don't worry download
Swiping for actions like delete,  archive would be cool
...suckes battery since update / Nexus 4, stock 4.4.4
No option for signature picture
If only push would work. Menues could be more userfriendly.
I just gave this app a one star before realizing there was an update fixing links in an email
Must have application!
Please add 'swipe down refresh'
My favourite email client for mobile.
Looking forward to a material design UI update.
Best aplication ever, data can be saved on SD-card.
I use it instead of Gmail. Very solid app.
Does it all, with the power of open source.
Everything I need.
Nice work. I don't have any problems.
One of the best I've ever used.
works like a charm, fast and customizable, highly recommend this app!
Please provide a version for Blackberry!
Use this every day for work. Works great every time.
It works fine, easy setup. Great!
Best way to manage Yahoo mail
Works with gpg/pgp.
The best... But it SHOULD include andro wear support!
Really convenient to access multiple email accounts.    thank you.
Nice app. But need UI to be updated for Android's 5.
Missing Exchange 2010
Thank you
Simply does its intended function quickly.
Me love this website so much.
Used to be good...now too slow
I loved and like it so much.
Kindly add sorting to search similar to outlook on laptops
It's great for managing multiple email accounts.
Great app, but you need redesign it!
The only tolerable Android IMAP client!
Stable, rich app, everything I need.
Mail
Doesn't auto fetch my emails anymore.
Does it's job as promised
Loving it already
Love it
All I need for email. Many thanks.
Great mailing app and GPL, it's perfect!
... nothing more need be said.
Best email client for Android
Love the app. Good at getting my emails.
An excellent alternative to gmail
The app just keeps getting  better
Love it!
Needs fix
Needs some UX improvment
gold good
Still awesome. Great app. Fast and does everything.
I love this app..
Long live K9.
PGP &lt;3
A wonderful app to use
best mail client
Nuts ages
Great app, never fails!
Nice app
Feature rich. Works great on Droid.
Excelente aplicacion.
Supports multiple accounts and PGP
Best email app ever
Perfect Email app thanks
Use it
Fast and works with huge inboxes
Simple the best
Great app with simplicity
Highly recommend!
Good. Works.
Best, yet it's free
Powerful Mail-App
Best mail app i hv ever used.....
Just great!
Great Overview!
Very good
Working perfectly
Never skips a beat
Excellent
Cool
Great app
Good app
Junk
Perfect
Nice
Great
Excellent
Useful
Reliable
It's a great app, Ans works great with tasker. But despite of various configurations and settings, I still can't connect to my Microsoft Exchange server account. It simply doesnt connect. Shows some kind of I/O error. Whenever i try to poll a specific folder, it results in "IOException: Error with cod".  Please provide a solution to this.
Used this for years and loved it.  When I upgraded my phone and put K9 on it, it loaded a newer version... which will not send emails. Checked online & other users have the same issue. I will try K9 again in a few months to see if the issue has been resolved.... I liked it that much.
Used this app to collect iCloud mail and mail from my own personal OSX server on my Nexus handset but it has just stopped receiving mail from both. Tried many different incoming server settings to no avail. Continually fails authentication for incoming mail servers which I know are correct. Used to work with exactly the same settings and I have changed nothing. Prior to issues was a 4* application!
Links now open in Webview and all functionality of the webpage is lost. Please revert or at least have an optional setting - long press and goto link not user friendly.
I don't have much problem with this app as far as checking my mail. It does a good job receiving them. But what really bothers me is every time I try to send mail it gives me the error "some messages not sent". Really annoying. I have to use the android email to send a message. Android email doesn't work good for receiving mail, that is why I got K9, but I have to use it to send mail.
Four years later and *still* no message filtering rules. Could this be added as they're essential for serious email users! Can't believe that the marking of spam emails is so convoluted! No longer the best. Sorry but look at Aquamail app instead!
Works well, but it does periodically crash, which is a little annoying. I don't seem to need to do anything as a result of the crashes, just click on it and it runs as if nothing happens. Other than that it works well.
So I can decrypt my mail with the help of APG, but sending mail is a nightmare (aka doesn't work). In my opinion, being able to send and email from an email app is important, but that may just be me..                                            UPDATE: uninstalled... Got too fed up with the constant "failed to send" notifications
Something with a recent update prevents my from opening links. I click and it gives me the url but doesn't open anymore. Very frustrating! Finding a new email app! Used to love K9
Sorry k9. Have used you for years but you are no longer reliable (doesn't fetch or send often, blank page on opening messages etc). Now that Gmail can link to hotmail there is a better alternative.
Recently I am having a problem with emails displaying. they are fully downloading but not completely displaying on my screen. I'll try deleting all accounts and reinstalling. Love the program! Thank you.       Update :  Your latest update fixed the problem! Thank you!
I keep getting certificate errors.  Havent been able to access my email using k9 since their last update.  Been weeks.  Uninstalling.  Id rather pay for an app I can actually use.
The problem with the app is that when refreshing email it frequently gets stuck polling a folder. This was draining my battery a lot so I changed it to check for messages only when I manually do so. I often have to close the app, restart it then hit refresh again to get my email. A bug that hid messages behind white recently was fixed according to release notes. Nexus 4 w/ lollipop
I use it with 3 accounts Hotmail, Gmail and GMX, all with IMAP, substituting the stock email and Gmail too. No problems or issues. The fact that I use it quickly faded into the background, as befits a good application with many available alternatives. Being open source implies less lossage, pretense, bullshit, nagging, and no promotion nor in-app selling.
Please fix the 'unable to find viewer' error. I used this for work, everything is perfect unless when receiving some certain file attachment types. Seriously please find a workaround that doesn't involve saving and opening separately. Thank you.
Its very fine app for sending and receiving emails. But, it is not giving me the notifications when connected to internet. I have to go into the app to find out whether there is new email for me
This app used to be great but recently it regularly locks up and had a habit of putting read emails in the junk folder. It then completely locks up when I access that folder to send them back. PLEASE SORT THE APP, AS IT USED TO BE GREAT!!!!
I will give one more star when someone tells me how I can change the default font in my sent emails. I just hate Times New Roman.
Last couple of updates the problems seem to be getting worse!   Now I have to manually update to recieve emails and it will not send them!
I use stars a lot and it is frustrating the star and scroll bar overlap each other.  I thought I didn't have this problem before in old version(can't remember whst version it was)...
I really like this app but very often it halts in a folder while downloading mail. Only way to unlock is to kill the app. Very annoying
I get two attachments everyone I send an encrypted email from my Mac desktop to my android phone...this doesn't work!!! I can send encrypted emails fine from k9 though. Please fix!!
Nexus 4, stock rom (latest) and crashes every time I multi select emails (e.g to bulk delete). Happens on Kaiten (fork) as well, so clearly a major issue with the build and not update for months has fixed it despite constantly sending crash logs. Giving up and moving to type mail.
Works great with Gmail. Not so well with hotmail/live. Instead of deleting messages it will just mark them as read. Seems to be a common issue in most email clients.
I've had the App for years and have been happy with it. Until the Android 5 update on my Note 3. After the update, my phone started crashing/rebooting about once a day. I spent weeks trying to track down the problem. I did a reset on my phone and re-installed my critical Apps and the problem was still present. It would happen even when the phone was sitting on charge overnight. I called AT&T, and they admitted that this was one of the problems they were seeing since the Android 5 update but all they could offer was a $100 phone replacement with no guarantee that this was solve the problem. Then I realized that it often happened when I was checking my email with K9. I removed K9, rebooted my phone, and it has only crashed once in the last 7 days. So, while there may be an underlying problem with Android 5,  it becomes a critical problem with K9 installed.
By not using std android sync features, there's no way I can trigger a manual sync unless I open the app. This is pretty useless to me. Use case. "Data is on, but android auto sync is off, i press a button manually to sync Everything on my phone ( calendars, etc). No notification appears from k9 about new email. I open k9 and presto, there it is." It is disappointing to see so many good reviews about this product that ignores basic android systems. Note. I don't poll, I don't background auto sync.
Had to move from gmail and android default mail after they started their "conversations" nonsense.
My Sprint LG G2 updated to lollipop this week.  Ever since, K-9 as been SLOW to open, SLOW to select emails to delete, SLOW to get new emails, etc.  Need an update ASAP.
Love the app but lately it seems outgoing messages take forever to send. Even plain text email takes several minutes to send.
I've been using this mail client for years, and it was phenomenal.  However about 2 or 3 updates ago, it started crashing when opening certain messages or only displaying a tiny piece of the message, with the rest of the screen just a blank white space.  More recent updates have changed and tweaked this problem, but they haven't managed to kill it yet, making the app very hard to use for productivity purposes.  Back to webmail for me, and will give 5 stars once the app is stable again!!
Liked the app  but now things happening such as deleted mail comes back into inbox and I hate this. Should not be happening. Also how do you limit the number of messages in your inbox, I currently have 110 and it is difficult to work with this amount?
With attachments being larger, and providers limiting total email size, would be great to see the size of the email before sending, rather than wait for the rejection notification.
K9 is hands down the best email client I have found for android. Latest update fixes display problem on lollipop.
It's a great daily driver, but I find that it doesn't play well with every Exchange server. It worked great at my university's, but poorly with my employer's. I love it for my personal e-mail though. Improve Exchange support and add MIME/PGP for five stars.
I've used K-9 for 4 years without any problems, first on my Samsung Moment and now on my new phone.  Works great! Custom settings very useful. Always notifies me when I have new mail. You can have it check (poll) for new mail constantly or once a day; change poll settings to longer time to save battery life. My fave email app out of the three I use.
This is a sane email client, does what it says in the tin very well, does not try to create a "unique new experience", just tries to be a good email client, and succeeds at it. Give it a try, it is worth it.
Not liking this behavior at all. Links should open in my browser.
I often have a lot to say about things lacking in features or the GUI, but not here. It took a bit to find the desired settings, but I eventually found everything I was looking for, including replyto. On my Moto E 2ndGen 4GLTE under Lollipop 5.02, I like the single button review (skip, marking as read, or delete) of email, including the landscape split, and it appears nice on cell data (and use WiFi) once was told to restrict in background like other apps need.  We'll see, when ads start appearing. The only tiny downside I have is that the notifications should be in color (rather than boring B&W) and should refer to K-9 rather than generic email. That's all I have, and it ain't much negative --> 5*.  Maybe more later...
Recently I noticed that when I read an email it gets moved to the bottom under other unread emails, taking them out of order by date until all emails are read. Update: It seems that the latest update set the sort order to read/unread instead of date like I used to have.
It is good to use. But I don't like the wallpaper as it is automatically paste. I need to save mine as wallpaper my self.
Good email app, if a little basic - but for mobile devices, I suppose this is an advantage. Would really like to see an update that allows you to use properly formatted signatures with images. Would also like HTML text option.
Thanks for fixing the incomplete message display in version 5.005!   LG G3
Tired of constantly getting errors about connection and not being able to read emails. Looking for a new app to access multiple emails accounts.
This app is a must have for those that need public key integration in the smoothest way possible. This combined with APG app make the sending and receiving a fluid and enjoyable event. Thanks guys, you have come along way.
Can't do without this app.. But I've been having problems syncing with live mail. Help please!
Apparently this has been an issue for years and it is still not fixed.
It crashes a bit too often everyday at least once or twice using galaxy s4
A few emails download and the app stops working and must exit.
Love the new features and new look. K-9 works very well. 5 stars! And thanks for the latest bug fix 5.005. Now it works perfectly again with Android 5
...not even this one, though it seems to be the best of a bad batch. Do not use K-9 if you have more than a few hundred messages in your email system. Kept throwing NULLPointerExceptions, I imagine they were triggered by 'too many' messages. In any case, use of IMAP is hindered, because the app seems to try to read the whole messages prior to showing them in the folder, even if you tell it not to. On a fast internet connection, this was gonna take hours to show the thousands of emails in my inbox. Search options seem limited... search whole messages, or... ? Whole messages then. Other choices were too complex, eg too many options for whether or not to display folders. If I made a folder, display it. Use the alphabet to decide where. Done. Make options for things that matter. Good luck for the future. I uninstalled. Will make post-it note to self as reminder: do not trust a platform for email which is provided by a monopoly who makes their money from reading your email. Q.E.D.
does not work as advertised. impossible to get help - no manual
Had no issues with the email client, it simply does everything I need it to and with great ease. Works very smooth together with the app Openkeychain to provide PGP email encryption on the fly.
Love this app, have been using it for years now for my Comcast email. I just wish I could have push notifications. Any plans to add that feature???
Lovely but one L it to snag that makes this up useless for me if I attach a document to an email I must open it ;many time to modicum one or two details and most of the time to confirm that I att the right document. Add is it is a no go.
This android update has broken it. Please fix
