内容
The app was doing alright on its own right. Then y’all went on and changed something that wasn’t broken. Why do I have to double tap now to collapse a comment thread? It was much easier to just tap it, but now it’s a major annoyance that brings no benefit to the table! Also why can’t I just tap on the user? Now I have to hold on to the user that I want to see profile! That’s ridiculous!!!!
First review I’ve ever left for an app. Reinstating the previous features shows you listen to us. Thank you.
Thanks for not being like Snapchat and actually listening to your users!!! Preciate cyah.
The latest update was a drag, having to double tap/force touch to collapse comments. I swear that update was changed within a couple of hours because single tap collapse functionality is back! Thanks Reddit, the real life pro tip is in the comments (of app reviews).
Works well but having to now double-tap to collapse comment trees is REALLY obnoxious
I usually don’t write reviews, but I’ve been compelled in order to object to a new feature. The “hold to collapse thread” came in a recent update without an option to disable it and basically, if you hover your finger in the same spot for too long, it collapses the rest of the thread. It’s terrible and causes you to lose your place often. Why “fix” what isn’t broken? Revert back to tap in line to collapse, or make it an option. I’m switching to Apollo until they do something about this, it is too frustrating.
Love this app but hate this update. Double tap to collapse the comment? Why??? Pretty annoying. Single tap worked just fine.  UPDATED COMMENT: Less than 24 hours after I posted my displeasure with the update, viola! There's another update to fix the annoyance. Take your 5 stars ⭐️ 
Thank you for implementing the single tap back!
I’ve been using this app for YEARS and with the new update it took me all day to figure out how to collapse comments. Why the change? The old way was much better.
I think the removed gestures were beautiful.   The current set of gestures breaks spaceability. Doing a swipe to the left and then doing the opposite will not take you to the place you started most of the time. 
The past update made the app less functional but they listened to there community and reverted it back to normal. Highly appreciated
You guys actually listened and undid some of the changes. I really appreciate it. Now if you could just fix post problems. Sometimes when scrolling down the image will disappear and the space will still be taken up. The post itself hasn’t been deleted or anything. It’s like the post is a ghost with just the title or something.
Thanks for reinstating the original tap and double-tap functions. Caused me a decent amount of grief the past couple days trying to learn the new ones. 😅
The inbred moron in charge of developing this heap of crap needs to be publicly executed. This app is the WORST! Awful update after awful update making the experience a COMPLETE DISASTER!   Now this idiot has removed tap to collapse!! 
I will not turn on notifications.  Stop asking me.  And I keep seeing the same ads over and over and over.  Please offer a paid, ad-free version of your site.  I would gladly pay for your site, rather than boycotting it when you inevitably get all monetization crazy.  I hate the long hold to collapse threads.  You implemented changes in the app that changed my preferences and I have to go to the desktop to change them back.  Automatic 1 star rating.  These changes make the app worse and I will definitively use the app less as a result, which would, according to studies, probably be a great thing for me.  So... I guess, thank you? 
Reddit is great on its own, but it’s even better that the creators/developers listen and respond to feedback from their user-base. So, thanks for listening to us!
Everything on this app was wonderful and I had no complains (coming from someone who’s new to reddit) until they introduced 3D touch for some elements on the app.  The main problem is hiding comments within posts; Before, a simple tap was all that was required to hide it. Now, you need to 3D touch it, wait a couple of seconds of inconvenience, and the post has this weird, blue glitchy appearance before it disappears. Additionally, I am having problems hiding other comments within comments and it’s just made my experience with the app and social network a lot more tedious and unsatisfactory. 
Reddit is fun but you can only post every 8 minutes that is really annoying make it so you can’t spam comments but don’t give it a ridiculous timer
I lobe this app but I can't figure out how to post on mobile. Idk if this is just me or if you actually can't post
I liked only tapping once to collapse a comment thread. Please change it from double-tap back to single. Or make it an option in the settings. 😭
Look. I love this app, but the most recent update is god awful.   The fact that I can’t tap the user header to collapse anymore is beyond stupid.   It’s like switching between controllers that have different confirm button placements... but it’s the same app constantly changing the gestures.  Please revert back, or give options!!  Edit: thanks for listening 
why change comment collapsing? it was good how it was.
Every time I tap on a comment, it doesn’t collapse. You either gotta tap it enough times that the screen will break or it would just not work at all and now you have a broken phone.
Why do I have press and hold the comment now to hide it?! It's just so annoying with its yellow glow also, makes me not want to read comments at all!
I am partially blind so it is hard for me to read long texts on subReddits without straining my eyes so I use “speak screen” by swiping down two fingers on the screen from top on my iPhone But since the last update it starts reading some other post instead of The post on screen. Please roll back the update or correct the concerned bug in the software of the app. Thank you, Been a user for three years.
1) Why would there be no heads up or in app update telling us of changes in the navigation? Thats just poor app management. Which brings me to my second point.   2) There’s absolutely no reason why we should be forced to double tap or long tap to collapse comments and threads. Especially if we haven’t had to before. If you truly most add these “features” to the app, make toggle switches in the settings for classic app navigation. Every review on this latest update has been overwhelmingly negative. Either remove the features or add switches. 
its so inconvenient now, I miss my tap once to collapse ):
I used to be able to tap on the comment poster’s name and go to their profile. What happened to that?? Unless it’s just my phone
but the little changes between updates are annoying AF.  for example, to minimize a comment in a thread you used to be able to click it once, a double tap was an upvote.  now a double tap minimizes a comment.  there always seems to be a subtle change in gestures for the app each time.  not the worst thing in the world, half can’t believe i’m whining about it, but yeh. 
It’s impossible to read a thread without being able to collapse the replies to a top level comment. Basically unusable now.
The chat function isn’t workin properly. It’s slow, freezes, and the text box doesn’t move down when you exceed the amount of text. Notifications don’t show up. I can’t click kn a name on the comment section to see their profile.
was perfectly fine being a single tap. Now you need to long/hard press. Also the vibration is annoying.
Reddit has improved this app, from release 'til now. I love the card/compact view options because they work very well for what they bring. For a quick browse, it'll help burn time throughout a dull day. In card view, images and gifs will populate so you don't have to click to view the frivolities. And of course NSFW images/gifs won't display unless you uncheck that safety feature.   There are some quirks that I didn't quite like. For example, clicking on subreddit information panels lead to broken links and blank pages. I've tried this with several subreddits and had no luck browsing subreddit rules, guidelines, FAQs, etc.  Trying to upvote/downvote comments is a pain, because it requires you to click on an area besides or same lateral plane as the user who posted the comment. Unfortunately I'd wind up minimizing/maximizing the comment train, clicking on the user (which redirects me to their info page) or clicking on a hyperlink. There's a bit more finesse required with your thumb but sometimes the effort needed is unnecessary.   And the above paragraph applies to all actions you want in the comment thread.   Overall, I'd given it 4 stars but deducted 2 because there's still quite a few things they need to get right. Small things, but it's also the small things that makes life better.  Update: they still don’t allow you to browse what you upvoted. It’s been so long this app came out and I find it so appalling that they haven’t included this feature yet. Minus one more star, to bring it to 1.  Update 03/01/2018: now GIFs don’t load properly and there are hiccups playing YouTube on the app itself. Now I have to actually click on the source link to view content. 
Nice when an update removes functionality to make room for an animation. Please restore the ability to collapse comment threads. The little animation isn’t worth the broken interface.
Long press collapses? Is this app designed by literal monkeys? I rest my finger on my phone, I try to select a word to get a definition of it, my whole experience is messed up. This seems like a dumb idea.
Love it! East to navigate, post, etc.
I have to force touch to collapse comments now and it is really buggy. Can you bring back the old expand/collapse feature with just a simple tap?? Thanks!
New feature for collapsing is not good. Makes collapsing a slower process.   I get that adding functionality is desirable at times, but simplicity is a good thing, too. 
Make the old single tap a thread header to collapse threads again. Until then 1 star.
The subtle changes to core functionality are frustrating to say the least (not to mention, absolutely unnecessary).   At any one point this app is still a 5 star app to a new user, but the experience just gets worse and more frustrating the longer you use it and the more muscle memory you build. Because I can't trust you not to change it. 
I miss the double tap to upvote gesture. There should be a way to change it back or customize it in the settings.
What happened to swipe to collapse comment thread?? That was very useful.
The app used to be great but the new “features” are terrible. Please bring back the option to tap a comment to collapse the thread! The 3D Touch is terrible!
I really dislike this feature. I can no longer swipe comments to collapse the thread. Please bring this back
DO NOT UPDATE  Latest update breaks the ability to collapse individual comments in a chain instead only allowing you to close entire comment chains. Complete downgrade 
Ever since I discovered the new double tap to collapse comments feature, now comments collapse themselves without request. I’ll be scrolling through a thread, and the app decides I’m done reading and closes that thread. I double checked that my screen was clean since this is so annoying, but low and behold it is. What’s wrong reddit? Too cheap to build a functioning app?
Great app, keeps me in the loop. And also easy to use, recommend it to everyone!!
After this latest update even slightly touching a thread causes it to collapse / minimize. Please restore the functionality from the previous version.
I don't like how easy it is to accidentally collapse a comment thread. It happens when I'm scrolling or trying to like a comment. Please change it so you can choose whether double tapping/holding a comment will collapse it.
threads are no longer easily collapsable, links no longer play properly, imgur files arent savable.... please roll back this update
The change from tapping to collapse comments to holding/double tapping was unnecessary. I decided to try and not get to annoyed by it and live with it. Then I tried collapsing comments on an old thread. Old posts have a locked rating (not sure why tbh) but for some reason they’ve also locked the collapsing ability. So now I have to scroll through the replies to get to the next comment. Also trying not to get annoyed by the change is difficult itself, having to hold/double tap has really messed up the flow of browsing through the posts. I tried. 
The latest update made comment collapsing unbearably slow... sounds like a small change, but it is super frustrating.
Love this app but hate this update. Double tap to collapse the comment? Why??? Pretty annoying. Single tap worked just fine.
I can no longer tap a comment to collapse the entire thread. I now have to long press. This is completely pointless and slows my reading through the comment section.
The majority of gifs just freeze on the initial frame. Will update review if the problem is fixed.
They are delayed. They collapse while I’m slowing scrolling which completely throws me off, affecting my reddit experience.  Please undo this feature. It is awful.  Didn’t your mom every tell you “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.”? 
In a recent update, the ability to collapse a comment was as easy and simple as a single tap. Now you have to double tap or swipe to collapse a single comment or thread. This is awful and I cannot understand why they would get rid of this. Navigation is now clunky and a step backwards. Fix it or I’ll get the Apollo app.
I use the Reddit app more than any other app on my phone. This is clear by the battery consumption. :)  One thing that I wish it would do is let me interact with text. Copy, to let me send a topic to Google, or lookup so that I could use iOS’s built in dictionary to define words.   Keep up the great work! 
The last update turned the app into a battery sucking piece of garbage and added a haptic feature that can not be tuned off. I hate it. I’m looking for a better app and deleting this one. It took years to get me on this app but one stupid update to get off it. The Alien Blue app was the best. This app is worthless.
I am able to stay up-to-date on any news I want to be updated on. Let it be politics or something specific about some game only a few people play. This app lets me connect with people who have an opinion on the topic you are reading and lets you comment to them as well. If you like staying up to date, reading memes or reacting stories of some random person on the interwebs, this app is for you.
I absolutely love Reddit but for some reason with this latest update, comment threads only seem to close via force touch instead of just a tap. This makes it nearly impossible to quickly browse threads. Fix this and the review will be at 5 stars.
New collapse feature is genuinely frustrating.
All I do is lurk in the comments and now collapsing comments requires an additional click, for seemingly no reason, followed by haptic feedback.
Please change it back!
Without one-touch comment collapsing, I am now deleting this application and using an alternative.   Reddit, think about increasing your overall UX and not being so heavily focused on feature release. 
The comment collapsing gestures in the latest version are madding. Please change them back.   The long press gesture is way too easy to trigger accidentally. You’d think that users shroud be allowed to rest their thumbs in the screen while reading. Well not anymore. You know I was reading that. Now it’s gone. Please remove this or at least make it optional.   The ability to collapse a thread by tapping the post age is gone. Why?  Now both remaining comment collapsing gestures always collapses the entire thread all the way to the root level. Previously you could just collapse all of the comments nested below an individual comment.  This new behavior is extremely limiting and makes using Reddit very frustrating since threads are constantly collapsing unexpectedly.   I don’t know where Reddit got these ideas from but they didn’t appear to test them on actual humans. 
Really wish there was a way to have the app stay on upvoted as opposed to recent. It's a hassle when your history is not relevant in the slightest.  In regards to swiping stability, it's garbage. Every other swipe ends up swiping away whatever I was on and setting me back to the beginning.   When viewing an image, the signal, clock, and battery of my iPhone remains and is rather intrusive.  Why go through so much trouble trying to change our habits? I much preferred the old method of swiping to hide comments. If it isn't broken, don't fix it. 
Deleted because of some arbitrary 10 minutes felt like 20 minutes between post time. It’s silly and clearly because reddit is scared of people actually sharing ideas and thins app is bare minimum for anything. Worst app ever.
I really dig the new update but I find it very inconvenient to have to double-tap to collapse comment threads. Please bring back the single-tap please :)
Cant single tap to collapse comments, wastes my time
You can not collapse sub posts only the top.
Swiping to collapse is so unintuitive compared to the simple tap of before...
She's good.
Stop asking me to rate your app thanks.
Maybe better than the site? Definitely use it more than the rest now.
Love that it keeps the page I was reading open so long as I don't force quit the app. Really nice interface.
Long press to collapse comments is not intuitive. Also I can’t find a way to collapse sub-comments. If you long press a sub-comment it collapses the whole thread. Used it all the time and now it’s gone. Weird for a new version to take away features or make an existing feature worse.
Love reddit
This review is only about the latest update.   Why was the comment collapsing method changed without any note of it? I can’t even click on links in comments anymore? This is ridiculous. 
If any developer is reading this, is there any way you can make the “long press to collapse” toggle-able like you did with the “swipe to collapse”? I hate having to long hold to collapse, and I can no longer click on someone’s username to view their profile without using 3D Touch (an even longer hold). The whole system is so inconvenient, and the purpose of this app is convenience, right?
Scrolling through reddit was so easy, all of a sudden this week the functionality changed. I thought maybe my tap accuracy was just off when threads wouldn’t collapse at tap. After a while, I realized I need to double tap each time to collapse or expand a comment thread. WHY???
The changes to the single tap comment collapse were unnecessary and make quickly browsing this app impossible. Now you have to double tap everything and it uses Haptics to waste your battery life. I’m surprised this app hasn’t asked me to review it lately. Maybe this is why. Such a terrible update to an app that worked just fine. There is no way to change this back in the settings. Absolutely frustrating.
I love this app, but he recent update made it so that when I tap on a sub comment, it closes the entire conversation string. I hate it. Sometimes I want to see the second or third replies to a particular comment and now this forces me to scroll through all of them or just give up and close the app.
I never understood why people didn’t like this app until this morning. Previously, the app had been nothing but easy to use and visually appealing. However now they want me to double tap everything and hold down just to do basic functions that were effortless before. Definitely trying a third party app for the first time.
Great app.
I love reddit, love the communities and it’s a great site. The app, however, is terrible. It doesn’t run well, crashes frequently and it’s search function is laughable.  The update this week marks a new low. The change made to collapsing threads has to be one of the stupidest decisions made. What on earth was wrong before? Why change it to double-tapping or holding? Now you can’t collapse threads that are over 4months old.  Reddit, please ask yourself: how can we manage this app so that it makes things easier and better for users? 
I need tap to close comment/thread back! Please add the option to do this.
Great app! I follow all my favorite games communities!
The comment collapsing... why? Why change it? In what way does that improve it at all? Considering how much time I spend on reddit just going through the comments, this really effects the quality of my experience on the app now. It’s just more difficult to navigate comments now when it was so simple and easy before. I have to hold and use more pressure to collapse a comment and then like medium pressure to collapse a reply?...... why? Maybe there are easier/other ways but I wouldn’t know. I didn’t see any heads up and and I haven’t heard anything about this until I came and read reviews here. Would have easily gave this app 5 stars before this update.
I’m changing apps until this is resolved. The new update is basically unusable.
Bring back single tap thread collapse.
I hate what they did to the comments. The new system is very annoying and doubles the amount of time navigating the comments. It's also dumb that you have to press and hold on someone's username to see their profile... why??? What was wrong with a single-tap? What was wrong with single-taps for collapsing threads? When I'm scrolling or reading a comment sometimes it close on me because I'm holding my thumb on the screen. So annoying. If this update isn't fixed I will be downloading a different reddit app.
ohh gwad, that force touch feature is irritating af. i’m minimising every comments that i’m reading and it’s getting to me.
The new changes to comment navigation is a disaster.. don’t fix things that ain’t broken
The new comment collapse method isn’t very intuitive and quite honestly is worse then the previous app version. The whole swipe to collapse or double tap seems pointless with nothing gained than the old method. Please give the users the ability to decide on their preferred method.
Refused to use this app back in the day because there was no convenient way to collapse just one part of a comment thread. Then they added the ability to, so I hopped on board. But this new update removed it. Time to go back to Beam for a bit.
The last update added a feature where as soon as you put your finger on the screen to scroll or whatever, the entire comment thread that you were looking at gets closed. Really annoying.
Messing with the comment collapsing is such a simple but absolutely stupid thing to do.  Very very little foresight, get another app because this one will attempt to fix a problem that doesn’t exist.
Whyyyyyyyyy? So annoying. Makes going through a thread so slow
I used to be lightly tap to the right of the user name to minimizing a comment. This was very easy to go through a lot of comments quickly in a thread. Now I have to slam my finger down to minimize it. Please bring back the ease of minimizing. I don’t care if it lights up like it does now
They changed swipe from collapse thread to scroll to next post.  So dumb.  If I have to relearn navigation might as well do it in a new app.  Probably Apollo.
And bring back collapse threads on single short tap
•When viewing a post if orientation is changed at any time, 75% of the screen will be cropped away (and will remain that way for every thread and page that is displayed) and unable to fix without closing and restarting the app.   •Comments collapse on a double tap now? Why make gestures more complicated if new ones do not add anything? Also, nearly impossible to select a (user) profile from the comments section as of new update and features.   •Constant crashes and bugs. App isn't worth my time to keep reviewing. Pay better people for QA. 
Most videos/gifs that are hosted through reddit won’t play. Video loads, and you can skip around in the it, but it’s just a still image.
Five stars for those who want to quit Reddit. One star for those who want to use it. Reddit’s decision to shove this deplorable app down users throat is very unfortunate. Web browser based version is superior to this piece of trash app.
I’ve been liking most of the changes introduced to the app. But the new double tap to collapse a thread is terribly inefficient. Bring back the single tap!
Seriously, just change the comment collapse feature with no notice? Who's running this dev team?
I like this app more than any of those unofficial reddit apps, but please change back the comment collapsing feature to how it used to be without force touch. It’s hard on my fingers :(
No more double tap to upvote, it just hides the thread now. Also just leaving your finger touching the screen on a thread hides it too. There is no option to change this and it has made me switch to a different reddit app because of how annoying those new "features" are
The app is certainly better than the website or the mobile site but there’s so many little features constantly added to the app that almost make it as unusable as the website. I can’t even scroll through comments without the entire thread collapsing losing my spot. I’ve almost thrown my phone after this happened 3 times in a row reading the same sentence.
I understand what they were trying to do, but quite often if I’m scrolling through a long response the comment will collapse because I had my finger on the screen too long. I do not like it and makes me want to use the app less.   Change the collapse to something other than a long tap please! 
Since the update I am finding it very difficult to collapse comments on my iPhone X. Not cool.
Recent update seems to have removed the ability to swipe the comments to collapse them. Now when I swipe left I get a new post. Change back to swipe to collapse comments.
to hide comments we’ve already read?  That’s a bad improvement.  It’s not an improvement.  It’s a bad idea.
For this most recent update, I like how you can swipe between posts. That's pretty cool. But it's super annoying to hold down to collapse a comment thread instead of just pressing it.
why would you hate on reddit here. do you have any idea how complicated reddit is to manage.   thank you reddit for doing reddit and having a good app that does reddit but smaller 
Reddit is very much what you make it, first off, but this a review about the app and not the platform.   The app is top notch. It has never crashed on me once. GIFs load in-line which is super useful. They did comment threads well in the interface, but some can get a little confusing when they reply to the original post many scrolls down. They have a thread collapse feature to help with that though.   I learn something new every time I logon. It’s wonderful. 
I hate the most recent update. It’s way too easy to collapse a thread while you’re reading it. I don’t want to swipe for the next post. I can usually just go back to my main feed and pick and choose what I want to read.
Recently it’s become very difficult to condense comments. Because of that I am using reddit less.
As of the update today I can’t tap on the top of a comment to make it collapse without double tapping. Please let that be an option again in settings at least.
Switch sub Reddit!
Love it so much!!!!
It took me awhile to get used to the app and once I do they start making changes. I Dar mind good changes, but changes that make things require more steps to do something as simple as double tap to collapse a comment instead of single tap is really annoying
They changed the comment collapse to a double click instead of single click. Super annoying because I forget half the time and am confused when nothing is happening.
While I like this new feature, you all shouldn't have gotten rid of being able to swipe to collapse comments. That was a great feature. I'm sure y'all could figure out a way to make both features work.
developers add and remove features willy-nilly: tap to close comments was "cleaned up" and was removed. No reason given.   gifs in certain formats also don't play, which for this app is obviously a problem. 
It’s not normal to change behaviors of the app every update. Please stop. Collapsing comments? I keep accidentally collapsing comments while scrolling, please change it back.
Use this app daily to research and read news. Very useful.
I don’t want to change subreddits while I’m in the COMMENT SECTION of my desired subreddit.  Please fire whoever approved of this change
I miss alien blue :(
The latest update changed the action required to collapse a thread from a single tap to a long hold.  Not only does this take longer, it constantly stops working and requires resetting the app to fix.  Don’t fix what isn’t broken next time.
Use this app daily in multiple devices. It hasn't failed me yet.  Edit: latest update I guess changed the way you fold up a comment. It used to be just a single tap, then all of a sudden that stopped working. I re-downloaded the app, restarted phone, couldn’t figure it out. Today I discovered it’s a long tap and it will fold as normal. Totally frustrating. 
I was so happy when you guys introduced the slide to collapse feature, that was the one alien blue feature I really wanted and finally made the switch to the reddit app once that was introduced. Taking it away with this new update was the worst thing you could have done.
Please bring back double tap to up vote and empty header space to collapse. As a long time user of the app, it is extremely confusing to use now. :(
This is pure memes, 8/10
The long press to collapse change has really messed this app up. It happens all the time by accident when you slowly scroll through the comments.
Who asked for this feature? I don’t believe it does anything to improve the usage of the app. I suppose adding the ability to collapse a single comment is fine via double tap, but the long press to collapse a thread is (in the most first-world way) rather tedious.
Please revert changes from last update. Collapsing comments should be easy.
Previous versions of the app were super streamlined and navigating through pages and communities was very quick. For whatever reason Reddit decided to try and one up Snapchat and make everything take 10 times longer or more stressful to use.  •must double tap to close comments •holding down closes comment threads causing lots of accidental closures •no longer sorts subreddits you’ve been to by most recent and no longer saves them if you aren’t subscribed.  •must hold down usernames until they turn bright blue to access their profile but you usually just end up closing the comment thread instead  I got so frustrated within just 30 minutes of using the app from constantly having to tap things because they wouldn’t close, open or accidentally closing things I didn’t want closed that I deleted the app. 
Recent update made it so you either had to double-tap or hold down a comment header to collapse comments. This is too inconvenient. Give us an option to be able to single tap comments to collapse
Wew
y tho
The behavior of double tapping on comments has been changed. Now, instead of upvoting them, it collapses the thread from that comment onward. Please change the behavior back to the original one. I keep on collapsing threads when I try to upvote comments.
Changing the way threads and comments collapse is overly frustrating. Why fix something if it’s not broken? Why do we need overly complicated gestures when the simple ones worked just fine?
It's a good app, but it seems to either lose connection often or just be buggy or laggy.
The latest update changed the way you collapse comments and it’s awful
The new feature that lets you hold your finger on a comment to collapse the thread is extremely aggravating. I’ll be in the middle of reading a comment with my finger resting on the screen and suddenly the whole thread collapses when I don’t want it to.
Latest update breaks navigation. Swipe to go back now collapses comments. Tap to collapse comments no longer works. Inconsistent UX and a lack of customization makes this feel more like Facebook and less like Reddit. It's a shame Reddit shutdown Alien Blue in favor of this garbage.
Requiring users to Force Press to collapse threads, instead of simple tapping, is a TERRIBLE implementation of the feature that makes reading threads slow and cumbersome. PLEASE REVERT this change.
The long press to collapse comments feature has turned this from a great to almost unusable app. I leave my finger on the screen while scrolling through comments, which inadvertently triggers this.
because of the new “feature” that lets you swipe between posts in a subreddit, you can no longer swipe to close a comment.
ITS F*CKING GREAT!!!  (Update as of 02/28) It was, now with this constant need to “improve” what doesn’t need to be. To hide comments it used to be a simple tap, now it’s just double tap and without and explanation as to what is new, and the unnecessary change to the search bar. Terrible updates. 
The new long press to collapse a comment and double tap gestures need to be optional, but mandatory.  It wastes so much time having to hold the press just to attempt to go from comment to comment.  I don’t know why tapping no longer collapses a comment. I’ve never had to swipe, before. 
5/5
Feels like I’m still in beta !!! Gifs and videos freeze/take forever to load and app often simply does not work
You can no longer single tap a comment to collapse it. Instead you either have to long tap it or double tap it. Very frustrating. I wish They has left it the way it was.
Time to re-learn how to use the app. Every update seems to change the way the app functions (Sigh). Apollo here I come.
Why change how comments are collapsed? now I have to either double tap or long press, which is buggy AF, it has been opening the post in force touch view instead of collapsing.
I am more likely to use reddit on my phone. The interface is clean.  Update - I reduced one star today because of double click required to roll up replies to a comment and yellow visual feedback. That is bad idea, please undo that. 
^
The new method of collapsing comments makes browsing/reading through comment threads extremely clunky. I’m a frequent user who will likely look for a third party app due to my issues with it now.
Trying to collapse threads or taking a peak at someone’s profile is the least bit intuitive. It used to be easy(one click to collapse) now you have to double tap or long press it to make it work.
Bring back one tap. Good god it’s horrible.
It good
The hold to collapse is the single worst feature I have ever seen implemented into anything software or otherwise. Why?! Why did you guys ruin my favorite relaxing time tool? I want to swipe down and down and down to get through threads, without having them collapse under my finger every two seconds AS I AM READING THEM. Please, if you guys are using an intern to do your UI/UX, hire a senior as well to help mentor them, or atleast some entry level ones or QA testers or SOMETHING. Otherwise, please, please, please, at the speed of hope, hate, anger, and anguish release an update obliterating this antifeature/bug out of existence
And you cant revert all the changes in settings
No way to partially collapse a sub comment thread. Change it back.
Why do we have to press down so hard to get rid of a comment thread
The update that I got on 2/22/18 has ruined the comments experience that I liked. I have the option of holding down or to swipe to collapse comments, I used to be able to tap, but now it can’t be that simple anymore. It takes me just a little more time to do that, every time, which from a UX standpoint I don’t like personally, because doing any of those things require more effort and it’s those little things that make a difference.
The gestures have changed and is less intuitive.
Can’t collapse my threads
... are terrible. I used to be able to quickly tap once to collapse any comments, but now you have to long press to collapse a whole thread and double tap to collapse individual comments.  It messes up the flow of reading with the extra unnecessary time consuming long pressing and double tapping.  Reddit took a step back with these new gestures. 
New update breaks the collapse comment chain feature on iPhone 6
I have issues with the app all the time. If you upvote/downvote in the comment section the screen auto scrolls down so it takes me a while to scroll back up to try to find where I left off. Just now the ads have started popping out in full screen just from clicking on the comment section of a post. This was the last straw for me so I deleted the app. Not worth it.
...on the newest version on iPhone X 11.2.2. Also really slow and buggy.
Is ok. However, can I please have my swipe to close back? I’m not about this swiping to the next post life; I would very much like to revert back to the previous style. Double tapping to close a thread is ridiculous...  Otherwise, I like it. 
Comments are the lifeblood of Reddit—they are what really give the site its flavor and fun. The ability to quickly browse and navigate them in a mobile setting is key, and any change to that interface is bound to meet resistance.  But, the new comment-collapsing UI is objectively bad and you should feel bad.  You took a single tap and made it two (or an equally annoying long-tap), and added a obnoxious flash post-collapse, as if the user wouldn’t notice the shrinking of content or the now-username-only list item.  Browsing a thread while maintaining context is now a chore, which is generally not the goal of UI improvements.  At the very least, for the love of god, remove the Taptic feedback. No one is so concerned about accidentally collapsing a comment that they need their phone to vibrate for each browsing action.  Unless your plan for the future is to add mid-comment ads, there’s no reason to so strongly dissuade users from collapsing them. They’re just trying to get to more good stuff. 
Goodjob you ruined the app... if it’s not broke dont try and fix it smh
Reddit needs to have access to my location in order to use the night theme (dark mode). Yeah, deleted
Please fix
I like the whole setup and is really fun to use
Didn’t they ever hear of the phrase, “if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it”? It was completely unnecessary and has made browsing the comment section unbearable.
You guys changed a bunch of stuff and it’s all buggy now. Stuff isn’t loading, I’m getting error messages, and it’s doing this weird thing where it will flash stuff before transitions.
I love the reddit app. Its easy to use full of good futures. One thing I would like to see from reddit though is the ability to permanently delete messages.
It’s ALOT harder to hide comments in a comment tree. Please fix
With the newest update, it has caused navigation of comment threads a bit difficult. On the previous version all you had to do was tap once to collapse a comment thread. Now you have to double tap or “long” tap. This has a drawback as with posts/comments over a certain age don’t want to close when you double tap them and you have to instead manually select the option to collapse a certain thread. Even then, if you want to open said thread again, you have to tap like a maniac to reopen a collapsed comment thread.
For gods sake, every time you guys update the app it gets worse. It’s like you’ve hired Facebook engineers or something.  A few months ago the app was the best it’s ever been. Five stars! Since then every update has ruined something and made the UX worse.  Fix bugs - not features.  Why on earth would you change double tap to like to double tap to collapse the thread?? And then change tap the comment header to collapse to do nothing? This is just change for change sakes and doesn’t improve the UX in any way whatsoever. 
Holding to collapse a comment is stupid, esp when tapping the top worked just fine.
Great restaurant, awesome food
Title says it all. The latest update broke the ability collapse threads
A day never goes by without browsing reddit app. Excellently written. Easier to use that the desktop version
Who cares about reddit chat? Give me my profile button! Why can’t I hide comment threads by tapping on top of them anymore???
This updates makes you use force touch to collapse individual comment threads. It is horrible if you like to skim threads quickly. I shouldn’t have to constantly jab my phone. I know my other option is to turn on swipe, but that motion isn’t any better when you have have to swipe 60% of the way across the screen.
Yes it was the bad thing that is not worth it to you have the best only app you could use for the game and I love you all of my life I am not sure how to you have a lot more to say and you can do that to the game but I don't like it
Latest update to the app makes collapsing comments an annoying process. Now you have to hold on the comment to collapse it, and you can no longer collapse an individual comment - it will collapse the entire thread. Additionally, playing videos and stored on v.reddit continue to have major issues loading and playing correctly. I know it’s not easy, but this is a bad update.
New comment collapsing gestures do NOT work on archived posts it seems
The app itself is quite good. Good UI, messaging system, and Notification Center. It all works nicely.  Reddit itself is pretty great. It's many communities in one, and when you first join you choose what communities to be a part of. There's even communities dedicated to making fun of other communities, i.e if one community starts to go downhill, there's other groups whose sole purpose is to make fun of that fact. There's a little something for everyone. I highly recommend r/totallynotrobots since it's easy to get into the joke. Every now and then you'll encounter annoying people, but the vast majority of the Reddit community is fun and interesting and heavily outweighs any stupidity you might encounter. 
Basically, I just want to be able to double-tap to upvote again. That’s pretty much it. I also like swiping from the left side of the screen to go back, but now I can’t have that enabled without swiping the other way to keep looking at posts, which is also something I don’t care for. But really, just give me my double tap to upvote back and I’ll go back to a 5 Star review like I had before.
Good app
Used to be able to see many recent searches.  Since latest release the history has been reset and the max recents is limited to five items.  Really poor experience.
This review is specifically regarding the current update and not the app as a whole.  It\'s incredibly frustrating to have the method for collapsing a comment be completely changed without any notification other than what was nested in the app updates description. I don\'t understand why it was changed in the first place from just tapping the upper area of the comment next to the user name, but without any sort of note that it had been changed I spent a few minutes thinking the app was broken, and really only stumbled on the long tap functionality by accident. Would have never guessed to double tap a comment since that\'s usually reserved for upvoting things in other apps.  UX devs, PLEASE don\'t rewrite core functionality without giving users any update in-app that it\'s been rewritten. At least give a one-time pop up or something letting me know what it\'s been changed to. 
The collapse comment/thread gestures changes is a classic example of fixing something that wasn’t broken. I don’t understand why this couldn’t have been an advanced option in the settings rather than forcing it. Super annoying.
The new update will not let me minimize child comments under each parent. When I try to, it minimizes the parent comment and jumps to the next time. Please fix this functionality to save me from scrolling.  Thanks!!
With every update, they try to change how the user interacts with the app and forces you to change your browsing habits making the app incredibly frustrating to use.
The bars of comments are so unresponsive, and clunky. I have to spam the comment before it will hide. Also the x’s on the page search listing is too small
Overall great app but it's annoying you can't block subs from the app. I would give it 5 stars if I didn't have to look at another the_donald or enoughtrumpspam post again. So annoying. Update after update this feature seems to be lost which is baffling. You can block subs from the desktop version which transfers to the mobile app but that to me is an unnecessary step. When I messaged the mods about it they said they were "working on it" which it seems like they have for years. Now there's Apollo which is great. I especially love how they bug you periodically about whether or not you love the app. To be honest, I do but this one issue drives me nuts and seems easily rectified yet it isn't so I always just say I do not like the app which is at least partially true. Fix this lone issue I have with the Reddit app and I'll give it 5 stars and a review so sweet you'll get diabetes just reading it. Till then I guess just keep "working" on it.
Lemme just click the rope of a comment to collapse it
Please make this an optional feature. Not everyone likes the feature. Other than that, the app is good.
The single tap to collapse comments was simple and effective. Bring it back!
Thank you so much for updating the search functionality! It works so much better now and was the only thing about this app I disliked
I thought I was having a problem with my phone or the app when I could no longer single tap to collapse a comment. Why that was removed to swipe between posts is beyond me. Who browses reddit like that? I’m giving it two stars because I’ve used the app for so long and had no problems, but the double tap or long press is a deal breaker for me and I’m uninstalling.  I frequently browse on mobile and enjoy reading comments and I am not really interested in double tapping, swiping, or long pressing to collapse a comment as it is something I may do several times a minute. Adding extra time/taps to this step was unnecessary, and it now feels slower, unnatural and clunky.
The app is pretty good but the most recent update (4.4.0) makes the hit target WAY too small for collapsing comment threads by clicking the title bar of a comment.
For the Reddit iOS mobile app, I recently noticed there were some changes today to how the user is expected to collapse the conversation trees within a thread.  Previously a user would tap the bar to the right of the poster’s username and the children entries of the parent tree would collapse under it. Now a user has to press and hold their finger on the blank space to the right of the poster’s username.  This method to collapse the conversation trees is much slower, and is not as satisfying of a feedback loop for the end user experience, and I suggest you revert the changes back to how it was.  TL;DR- Bring back single-tap collapse thread. 
Haptic feedback for everything, comments are much harder to collapse. Please stop making the UX worse.
Double tap to close a thread? More work for no reason. Hapatic feedback when closing a thread? No thanks.
Forcing you to use the tiny upvote arrow is so annoying. Before this update you could double tap a comment to upvote. Now that just collapses the thread. I don’t understand why they thought this needed to be changed. I’ll be switching apps until they fix it. Not that I expect them to actually revert this change. They seem to take the YouTube philosophy to updates. Never changing anything back even if the community hates it. Oh well, the official app was fun for a while until they ruined it.
What a horrendous update. With the change to the search function, I can’t go right to my most recently searched subreddits without going through the search function every time. And the convenient and simple method of swiping to collapse threads/comments has been replaced with an annoying “hold down for an inordinate amount of time” to collapse function. What a ridiculous change. Can’t imagine why they thought these were positive changes.
Please restore the ability to swipe comments away. I get you want us to swipe between posts, but what if you swipe on the content and that takes you to the next thing, but if you swipe in comments, it minimizes the comment.
Hate the new way collapsing threads works. I use my finger to hold position on the screen and now I can’t read half of what I want to see. Waste of time tbh.
Easy to use
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU DID. FIX IT. NO MORE DOUBLE TAPPING TO COLLAPSE COMMENTS. NO INFINITE SCROLLING. THIS ISNT INSTAGRAM.
The whole system for collapsing comments and clicking usernames is AWFUL. It is very hard to use and makes me not want to explore threads.
This new update is absolutely stupid,why would you take away the feature of swiping a comment to collapse it and replacing it with going to the next thread?
The most recent update on Feb 26, 2018, made this app unusable. Previously you could hide comments by sliding left on a comment or by tapping the top of a comment. This was extremely useful because you could quickly get to the next comment at the same level of a chain without scrolling endlessly through dozens of comments searching for it.  With the most recent update this was changed. Now when you slide left on a comment, the app slides over to the next Reddit post (who would even want that?). This might be okay but the tap box on the top of comments was changed as well. Now I have to tap 7-8 times just to hide a comment. These both were such needless and useless changes that actually took good features away from the app.  I hope no one downloads this app until these changes are reverted. 
can't tap on usernames in comments to view their profiles anymore.
Can't think of anything that would make it better
I used to swipe to get rid of comment threads, now that takes me to the next post. I just got used to swiping and I don’t want to have to get used to something new again
I am not a fan of this ‘a select few users will see a preview of the top comments feature’ (I’m commenting from my phone so I’m “quoting” from memory... forgive any mistakes in that). I am one of those select few - this feature just crowds up my feed.   I am still a big Reddit fan though. My vote is to disable this feature. 
Can no longer tap to view a username’s profile/comments since the last update.
New update is neat. Took me a minute to figure out, but it’s all good now. Very useful. I like the hold to collapse thread the most
This most recent update takes away tapping to collapse a comment and instead you now have to double tap or hold it.  While this seems trivial, this quite literally means it will take twice as long if you’re an avid comment reader like myself. No more plowing through comments and tapping to collapse them. You’ll be stuck double tapping each one or holding until the haptic feedback lets you know it’s been collapsed. 
Double tap to collapse comment is really inconvenient. It used to be so much faster to go through comments when I could single tap to collapse a thread.
Come on guys. Use 3D Touch. You made collapsing awful now.
Removal of the single tap to close the comment makes no sense and makes the app pretty terrible imo.   Also since the update the app as a whole behaves a little odd. 
I was okay with almost every other change made to this app, even though some weren’t that great such as touch controls being different than every other modern standard. Before this update you could simply tap the bar above the comment to collapse the whole comment thread. Now, because these app devs life goal is to be unique, you have to either double tap, or force touch the comment to collapse the comment thread. Oh but wait, they added the ability to swipe to close the threads!! Terrible implementation as you have to swipe across the full screen from right to left, can’t do a half screen. So this is pretty uncomfortable for people browsing with one hand. Nobody asked for this. Multiple gestures for one simple task is needlessly complicated. Go back to a simple 1 tap to close a comment thread.
I literally never leave reviews but reddit gets the honor today.   PLEASE quit changing how you can close comment threads. By default you turned off the “swipe to close comment thread” option. I had to go turn it back on.  Even worse is that you added “force touch to close” which I can’t even turn off in settings.  I like to actually grip my phone while reading, but by doing so reddit keeps registering where I’m touching the screen as a force touch. This was not the case prior to the last update! Please give us an option to turn force touch off!  Thanks 
Reading comment threads used to be much easier. You could swipe from right to left to collapse a thread and move on, but now it brings you to the next story. This severely impacts the experience of reading large threads with multiple different responses, some of which are hundreds of comments long themselves.   Please revert back to the previous swipe-to-collapse functionality. 
App is great but after the update collapsing comments requires a double tap (or swipe). I liked being able to single tap the comment header to collapse a comment thread. If possible making an option to single tap to collapse comments would be great
Since the 2/27/18 update, collapsing comment threads lags significantly, after several attempts it will finally collapse.
I very very rarely write app reviews but this latest update actually ruined things for me. I can no longer single tap on a comment to collapse. It appears I have to double tap. Seems like a small change that shouldn’t bother me but after 20 mins it’s already terrible.   Why not at least give me an option?  The single tap to collapse comment was BY FAR my most used gesture. You’ve doubled it for no good reason. Nothing is more “consistent” by changing this. Now when I single tap a comment nothing happens, it feels like the app is broken.   Imagine if on desktop in order to collapse a comment you had to double click the little plus sign instead of just single click it.   If you want to force something you think is better at least give me the option to do it the other way. 
The most helpful update to this app’s usability was the ability to swipe to collapse a comment thread. Please put this back in and I’ll change my review to 5 stars.
Browsing Reddit is frustrating now. I need double tap to upvote.   Thanks for the moderator improvements though, but those improvements are overshadowed by how annoying it is to upvote things now. 
Could you bring back the single tap collapse on threads?
Can’t even collapse individual comments anymore. Reading threads is a nightmare. Stop screwing things up as soon as we get used to them. Don’t be Facebook.
Swipe to collapse was my favorite feature. Now it switches between posts. Please :,(
When you used to swipe left on a comment it would collapse. Not anymore, now it takes you to the next post.
I don’t understand why collapsing comments requires a long press or a double tap now. It used to just require a single tap next to the user name and it was much more convenient. The haptic feedback when collapsing a comment seems pointless too. I don’t want my phone to vibrate every 10 seconds when I’m scrolling through an askreddit thread.
Now it takes extra effort and a specific click to close threads under a post...  why do developers think they know better?  There’s a reason they aren’t given free rein on things because they truly don’t get the user experience.
That was one of the best features of this app! So much quicker than actually hitting the up arrow. Bring it back!!!
Constantly glitches and forces you to lose your place while reading, sponsored ads being force fed to you from the homepage, and pointless push notifications for stupid posts. Absolutely worthless. Would give zero stars if I could.
Make option to single tap to collapse a comment. Double tab and swipe feel clunky.
In the new update you have to double tap, hold, or swipe to collapse a comment. Please make it optional to go back to one tap. Also no matter what option you choose now when you collapse a comment my phone will make a thump sound and vibrate. It's so annoying please fix this, wish I hadn't updated
I like the new gestures - tapping is more intuitive than swiping a certain distance. HOWEVER, you can’t just click on a user name anymore, you have to hold it for a second - but that’s also the collapse thread gesture. So now, if you miss the username when trying to click on the user, you collapse the thread. If this is reverted back to a quick tap, missing the username wouldn’t do anything, which would be far mor ideal than accidentally collapsing the whole thread
Good
Can no longer tap once on a line to close the specific users comment thread. Now you have to double tap instead which is no fun and annoying.
This mess where top comments show on my feed is terrible, give me the option to turn that off ffs
I thought I was losing my mind that I couldn't close comments until I read the update notes. Thanks for breaking what wasn't broken!
Stop trying to make reddit into Facebook, remove these stupid features like infinite post swiping  and restore reddit to a good app
Gifs won't play when I click on to load in (on the mobile browser as well) as I have auto play off.  I also hate how they removed the one tap comment collapse function. Now I have to double tap which takes far more time and I can't click on the commenter's profile either. 
After the update I can't close comment threats in a post. Ok upon further investigation I can, but the target area that closes threats is not super small. I still can't seem to pinpoint where it is exactly I need to press to close a comment threats. I'm pecking at my phone like a retarded Chiken now.
Nice layout and loads quickly.  Edit: your latest update broke the app. Can no longer swipe to collapse comments and  can't tap to collapse. 
This is still the most annoying bug I've ever had in any iOS app! Please fix this!
Why would you change double tap to upvote to double tap to collapse thread and not allow us to revert to the old way?
One feature Alien Blue had allowed users to hide read posts. Please bring this back and you’ll get the 5 star review this app deserves. Otherwise, almost near perfect.
Every time I try it tells me “sorry, please try again later.”
In order to hide comments now, you need to hold down the top of the comment bar. It’s pretty inconvenient especially compared to before...
Before the update, I only had to tap the first comment of a thread and it would all close. If I tapped any below comments, it would then close that thread, and so on and so forth. But now to close the first comment thread I have to long press until it clicks, and to close smaller threads I have to double tap. This new modification is a step back and pointless. Please change it back to its simpler version of collapsing threads.
Unable to collapse or expand comments after last update
R/pawg
Used to do this and then it was fixed about 2 updates ago, now it’s back to being glitchy
The slide to collapse was a great feature.
It sure beats Facebook, and you can learn a thing or two.
The Memes are fresh, the threads are entertaining and the post are always on point and make my days more compete.
So this is a decent app for Reddit... but they keep making it worse. The latest update does change up the search engine, but you no longer get a list of your most recently searched-for or visited subreddits Instead, you get the most recent search term, which could lead to a number of different subreddits. Now you also don’t get a list of your recently visited subreddits. It’s bad enough the app stopped giving you access to your up- or downvoted posts, now it’s removed another level of functionality, for what purpose I have no idea.
Reddit is an amazing community.  The people here are so lovely, so kind. Every community upholds their rules and guidelines, to the best expectations, that a regular user won’t notice in their beginning days, and most likely will take granted of. Once they get more settled in, these will appear much more noticeable. These communities are really the foundation of Reddit, and I am very proud of each and every user on Reddit who continually keep the community clean and organized.  Again, wonderful app, would love to see even more updates, especially from the overall community, which makes Reddit so special. 
Why'd you remove the option to collapse a comment thread by tapping next to the commenter's name?   Edit: neermind, just press and hold on the comment. Nice work! 
Easy to navigate UI
The app is great but I haven’t been able to play any embedded video posts recently. It’ll load and then play one second but that’s it. Needs to be fixed in the next update.
Good app, display is well organized and I've had no problems with speed. I wish it were easier to save links and to access subreddits.
I like the look and feel of the app, but it’s so slow to load content when you open it. After the several seconds of splash screen it’s another 5 or so seconds of content loading. Other Reddit apps cut that down to 2sec or so, so waiting almost 10 seconds is frustrating.
In a matter of months. Thought that Apollo app was the bees knees, but the native app developers weren’t sitting still. Happy to be back again. Wow.
This is a incredibly feature poor client for reddit. Most glaringly it lacks mod tools and subreddit grouping. Ideally there should also be a option for the default page upon opening the app to be set to the subreddit listing page, rather than the summation of all subscriptions page. That was one of the best things about Alienblue.   And in addition to everything else, the compact view mode is not compact enough. A lot of screen space is taken up by over sized pictures, rather than having more miniature icons.  EDIT: a year later, and still nothing has changed. None of the vital features I have mentioned have been implemented. Reddit killed AlienBlue for absolutely nothing. This remains feature poor and thus completely useless. 
I'll take the Gobba Goul
Just downloaded this to say the amount of spamming on the reddit page is probably why it loads slower in the first place. You load adverts for the app EVERY second I'm on reddit. If its not broken, why try force me to fix it? Very lame and a disappointing move from reddit
The app used to work very well, and just natural to use. I started using Apollo for Reddit after all of the new updates, and it has enhanced my experience with Reddit on mobile
I only downloaded this cause the website kept bugging me. it's a cool client and it's not too large.
Constantly having to close the app and restart due to only half the page displaying.
Would download again
Solid app. landscape view would be nice. Making the x or the “hit box” larger would be nice. It’s aggravating to try and X out old searches only to go to that sub instead of clearing it out.
reddit is a game changer.... you are losing if you don't use it.
I do love the app but sometimes it crashes and I have a consistent problem with the gifs auto playing and sound on videos
Aforementioned
Searching for a specific r/ get ready to not find it
When ever I attempt to log in it says “sorry, try again later” I have been locked out of my account for 37 days now and I’m tempted to just delete the app. Please help
It's alright, definitely a lot better than instagram
Nice 👍 👏👏🙏
Loaded slow before now it doesn’t even load
After the new update the app crashes 10-20 seconds after I open it. Will give 5 stars if this issue is fixed.
Navigation is terrible. Trying to find a specific subreddit is near impossible unless it’s somewhat popular.  Allow users to type in the exact name of the subreddit they want to go to and just take them there. Why do I have to search for every sub I want to go to?
Came for the memes. Love the memes!! Great app and system.
It's got good memes
Great app to use but idk how to make a profile pic idk if u even can
Reddit is by far my favorite social media, so many interesting articles, comments, and subreddits.   My big complaint with the app is that you have to scroll past nearly every sub-comment to get to the next comment thread. It’s super irritating and takes forever. It would be a lot better if there was an “expand” button after the first few sub-comments so you could choose if you want to see them or not. 
Love the Reddit app. Easy to browse my favorite subreddits.
Deben de tener el idioma español disponible
Memes are t h i c c
Good app
......
Amazing app!!
Good fun
Excellent
I generally enjoy the app but for some reason it seems every other update they screw up the landscape mode for iPad. If you open a gif in full screen and close the gif, it auto rotates the screen out of landscape mode.
Intuitive and easy to use app for reviewing and responding to messages. Reddit it was made for computers, so this is an understandable transition to mobile. The notifications are useful and the pages are easy to read. Looking for an app to view Reddit that is pleasant looking and utilitarian? Look no further.
Reddit is life force. Not Crazy about the new update but I will deal because Reddit. Please keep alien blue clean and intuitive. 
whenever i try to open it, it just crashes, i tried restarting my phone and reinstalling the app, but it still happens
Its cool sumtimes
It's tuff 🔥🔥🔥
Gr8 m8 i r8 8/8
Every Time I try to open reddit it automatically closes I want to give it 5 stars but I can’t give it five stars if I can’t use it
The end
Good stuff
Most of the time you are greeted with the message "can't connect to Reddit"... Well done making an app that can't reach your own website guys
The embedded video player is bad and the devs should feel bad for releasing garbage like this while proclaiming the issue is finally fixed. Time to delete the app again and use Safari instead. I miss Alien Blue.
Enjoying it so far...😁
Forgot password doesn’t work. Has an area to put your username but not your email but won’t let you proceed saying ‘enter your email’ but there is nowhere to enter it!  Under the username it says ‘if you’ve never given us your email..’ or something but it’s cut off. No location to enter email under the username input.  When you enter email instead of username it says ‘enter your username’ 🤦🏼‍♀️ 
So good!
I like to the 50/50 Challenge😂But Besides that I love this App😋
Yep
It’s at random time intervals - 15 mins, 3 seconds, 2.3 minutes. Impossible to idly scroll through when the app won’t stay open.
Tried logging on the App but kept getting error message to try later. Searched the net and found it’s a long pending issue with special password characters.   Deleted the App and moved on. 
I’ve had the app for about an hour and I’ve already Officially Had It with the back to back to back to back crashes.
I'm new to Reddit but I like it thus far. Not terribly difficult to browse and I'm sure the longer I use it, the more efficient I get.
Obviously this is a great app, I love Reddit. For some reason though, I can't open the app anymore, it just crashes right away.
Beautiful app, but would rather use ad-free Antenna. Tired of scrolling through apps that easily allow mistakenly clicking ads, then having to navigate back to the app. Avoid those apps at all costs. I’m not cheap or want a free service. Wish there were options to pay for ad-free.
I don't get how other apps can do this better than the official app.
Reddit video is not loading. Not a single one.
One star for the ducking annoying pop ups prompting you to download their crappy app that has the same functionality as their website.
The fact that it forces me to wait three minutes in between posting comments is stupid.
Reddit is the only social media I use. Good job.
Great app when works. 7 plus 11.2.5
I'm gonna stop until the fix the app.
I love the app but if I could add 1 thing, I would add clicks and pops sound effects to the ui(like a blip sound when you upvote or click on a card.) maybe as a toggle option. It adds more of a tactile feel and idk, it’s just satisfying. With a feature like that I’d give the app 5 stars.
Gather info, check out pics. It's all good.
Funny
Seems to be missing r/all, or its so hard to find I can't figure it out.
When I first found Reddit, the only mobile app was AlienBlue. I personally found it difficult to use and not very intuitive. This app is not like that. An easy to use interface combined with how awesome Reddit is in general makes this one of my go-to apps. 5 stars.
Exactly what I needed as a tool to get info quickly and up to to moment information on government and national news. Thanks. Use it several times daily.
Alrighty then.
I enjoy using the reddit app. I can focus on my subscriptions, see mainstream news if I want, instant message, and check my notifications. Voting is super easy, searching subreddits is efficient, the layout is aesthetic. Only thing I dislike is how difficult it is to see my posts. I receive updates on posts but see only the relevant comment the update refers to. I'd rather have a link to the post itsself but I understand that comments can definitely exceed the hundreds on some posts making finding specific comments difficult.
App keeps shutting down on my iPad Pro and iPhone
Restarted and still crashing.
If you're not on Reddit you're an idiot
CRASHES TOO MUCH . I’m on iPhone 8 plus
I wanted to copy part of the title of a post to search for it online.
Latest update is a mess.
Since the new update my beloved Reddit keep crashing. Never did this before. Please Reddit fix this , I am OM iOS 11
This update is buggy as hell
The latest version crashes every few minutes for no apparent reason. I have a 6S
Works great on my iPhone and I use it several times a day.
I’m going to try to keep this short and sweet. Put simply, Reddit is social media, but for you to share things with strangers and not friends. There are Subreddits, which are sections of reddit all designed around one theme, such as music from a certain artist, funny videos, or beautiful pictures of nature. On Reddit, people share their ideas, their thoughts, and their own original content to get feedback from the community(well, only some of it is original content :) ). Reddit has brought me lots of joy in the past few years I’ve used it.
Firstly, Alien Blue was much cleaner and easier to use.  Also, switching between subreddits is unintuitive.  Saving a link to Reddit is hidden, and hard to find.  On the plus side, images and especially animated gifs load very quickly.  It would be nice if some of the UI was improved, but the underlying application seems fairly solid. 
this review is for the web site, not the app. the web pages now have huge prompts that nag you to install the app by displaying a giant red Continue button. when i see "continue" i assume it means continue on, not interrupt me and launch the app (or app store). to actually continue, you have to dismiss the prompt by clicking “go to mobile site” which you are already at...
...can’t reach reddit!
I love this app :)
Keeps force closing when I try to view comments.
Gg
Constant ads make browsing frustrating. The apollo app for Reddit is much better.
I love the app no complaints except for the crash. I cant open one of my favorite subreddits. Any help?!?
Trying out something else now
After the recent update, app closes automatically while scrolling user posts, is crashing ! Uninstalled.
App is unusable. Crashes within seconds of being opened.
I enjoy a great UI and, Reddit provides that. The fact that I can switch to a “dark mode” is very lovely as I just enjoy the color scheme more that way. It may seem simple but, not every app will allow you to have a “dark mode” so, when I find one that does I love it!!
Was workin’ but now it’s broke. Opens then crashes immediately. Have uninstalled/reinstalled. No luck.
using iphone 6s , ios 11.2.1  Keeps crashing 
Crashes when opened.
it’s good
Very nice
App will not even open properly. Just crashes.
It keeps force closing. Even after restarting my phone and closing out of it, it just won’t open.  On iPhone X 
Good
Great
Please make this a feature again. The save feature is harder to do and  I don’t think to do it as much. Not to mention that it’s glitchy and doesn’t actually save my pictures half of the time Instagram has the feature to save(and does it better) pictures as well as look at ones you’ve liked.
This app still gets the job done. Scrolling is a bit more seamless. I'm mostly glad that they have the Night look so it's still easy on the eyes.
Love the app but today it started crashing after scrolling for a short time and now immediately after I open the app. I checked for an update and there was one but it did not fix the problem.
the reddit video uploaded does not work on mobile. linked videos or gifs work fine but actual videos posted through their uploaded are trash on mobile.
Go-to app to kill time and procrastinate
It's been a great app so far, but today it won't even open. It crashes immediately.
Love it!!
Good stuff, would suggest.
oooooope
The only social media I'm willing to be hooked on. Also the app is well-designed.
I love potatoes, like all I ever want to eat when I’m hungry are some potatoes! In the form of French fries, baked potato, or raw! It doesn’t matter! 🤷‍♂️  🥔/10, would use app again 
Really gud
So much better than the website
Works ok most of the time.
Always a time killer with a lesson. Or giggle. Or something of the sorts.
If you don't have it, the best advice I can give you is that you should get it
The feature simply doesn’t work after update. Please fix.
Luv u mucho gracias
Can keep up with the communities for my favorite games.👍
I love Reddit and the app because it stays simple and true to itself. It doesn't add any unnecessary features or complications to become anything it's not. My only suggestion would be the ability to add both a picture and text to the same post 
I like it a lot, but can we get better themes?
Nice
Find yourself another app if you value your time
A lot of time the links in a post description or in a comment don’t work. Maybe they’re too small to be clicked on? Also, I wish we had the option to add or delete subreddits from multireddits.
Except for the alt right trolls and annoying teens. Reddit is my favorite place to go on the internet.
Love this app. Still confused about karma but that's my fault. Would recommend!!!!
Search takes too long. It needs to be better.
8::::::::::::D---
Suggestions like subreddits I've already chosen and do not want to view past? Tiny x's for features that I don't want while browsing that more often than not end up with me clicking the advertised product I don't want instead of closing it? Is this Facebook or something? I thought Reddit prided itself on letting the user choose EXACTLY what they wanted, not spoonfed "maybe you'll like this?" This app is junk, if you already have a curated list of subreddits you browse, don't bother with this app, find one that lets you browse the subreddits you're subscribed to and not one massive home page
As others addressed, ui needs to change. Seems very outdated.
It’s come a long way.  Worth using.
noice
I like it.
Love the snippets! ADD with ADD!
I can finally stream nba games for free thank God
It's a good app. I like it.
Its great
It's reddit. For your phone. It's not bad. Only review I've ever written because it keeps bugging me to. I guess that would be my only complaint. But I fixed it now so I guess not a big deal. Time to go reddit some more. Have a good day.
Best mma news source
Nice
It's not 9gag though
Since the newest version installed, the app will not connect to Reddit.  I can reach it in the browser.
Love the app
Does the job
I've used several Reddit apps and this is by far the best. Always had trouble with the apps crashing but it's not a problem for me with this one.
Raw
Easily the best in the social media game, no question
I have good internet but somehow this is still slow, great app to pass time though!
Why move the page down button to the middle of the screen where it overlaps text?  Super annoying.  Put it back to the lower right where it feels good.  Or at least make position a setting.
Easy to search for topics and follow updates.
Therefore I Love it
Works how it should
Pretty stable.
Your latest update logged me out.
There. 5 stars. Stop asking me to review ur app pls
Great love it
There are endless possibilities of things to see
Great
App gets better every update, especially loving the recent developments for iPad!
Great app. Unfortunately it constantly asks you if you like the app.
I have met so many people on here that helps me out on problems and always make me smile. Definitely one of the best places to look around and have fun.
No complaints really
I keep going to see if my account has updated or not on the app and Safari, and Reddit keeps acting like I don’t even exist as a user. What is going on? I only had one accident, so I shouldn’t be gone yet on there.... I’m disappointed, because I’ve added several people on my 3DS now for no reason.
It's a useful and handy app.
As a casual user, this app is worlds better than the website, which I find a cluttered and confusing mess.
So here it is. Great app except that it keeps asking if you like the app and then asks you to rate it if you say you like it. So first it filters out the people that aren’t liking the app and then pesters people who like it to rate it. I already reviewed the app, stop asking me.
Skidaddle skidop Donald Trump needs to stop 
the main screen of the app is a just collection view feed – bout time to address the scroll performance. somehow it’s still jagged on a new 256 gb iphone x. i know you gotta deal with all that dynamic content + automatic cell resizing but come on...other parts of the app are doing some real impressive ui work, please fix up that flow layout.
Moving through the UI can be a bit difficult at times when trying to search for something specific, other than that the app is great
I almost lost myself in the excitement. I used to just carry a tennis ball to keep me busy in airports and long hallways. Now I just deep dive with this app into the thread punnery and guilded comments.  Actually I'm going to get back to it now.
This app lit af
It's gotten to the point where if it's something I'd never heard of or thought of instead of looking up on Wikipedia I open up Reddit to see if there is already a sub Reddit- it's almost like a game now
👌
When I open app from reply notification, it doesn’t mark that reply as read in the inbox. Also, app badge icon does not update right away.
Just recently got into Reddit, and I love it. It's a little difficult to navigate at first, but I'm getting the hang of it and really starting to enjoy it.
I use reddit pretty regularly, and I generally use the app because that’s what’s available to me. There are still issues that I have with it, for instance I can’t for the life of me figure out how to block someone or hide all posts from certain subs— which I’ve heard was a feature on the desktop version— but (especially the past few months) there have been tons of improvements, and the creators seem very involved with the community, and willing to change it to suit everybody’s needs. Of all the apps I have used for reddit, I like this one the best.
It's pretty good. Will you stop asking me to rate it now?
Best app.
A+
Works how I would expect perfect
Don't ask me to rate the app.
I love this app so much
Good, but ads are annoying
Reddit set up their site to nag about using the app EVERY TIME I  VISIT.  I do not approve of being arm-twisted into downloading any app so this 1-star review is staying until the nagging is removed.
I love this app!
Reddit has everything
And then has the gall to continuously fish for ratings. So I rated it.
Yup
iPhone 6, iOS 11.2.X no complaints here!
Yep.
Great if you stay in one place.  Hard to explore.  App is easier, if more restrictive than web.
In general when I’m on a subreddit, the search function doesn’t seem to work. I put in the name of the post or parts of it and I can never get the post to show up, even when I change the sorting and filter settings.
Use the native rating system so we're not directed back to the app store. Until you do that you'll never get more than 1* from me.
Good
I don't like that it pulls the picture away when I halfway scroll down the first part. Annoying af
The search functionality doesn’t seem to work very well.  I can search for the exact name of a subreddit, and it won’t display what Im looking for, what gives?
Great app
Sick nasty
I don't really know what to say except that reddit is amazing. There are thousands of great (and admittedly not so great) little communities full of people like you dedicated to discussion about topics you're interested in. I strongly recommend you download it.
It's got good dogs.
Every since I found reddit my addiction for this app has grown tremendously. The community is amazing, you may run into a few trolls but overall the people a good hearted and genuine. The app literally helps with all aspects of my life. If I’m bored I have my go to subs. If I have trouble with homework there are places on there for that. Need advice? They got that. There is literally a sub for everything.   I used to think the app looked kinda old and outdated but after the update a few months back it is beautiful. 
Yeah! But please, make comment navigation a bit easier! Make a top comment-only version without second abd third levels
Just here to say that the app is quite good! Especially now that it stays sorted the way I like (I always had to set it to "newest" in my feed when the app did a full start up). Everything is easy to navigate, and the app just looks good. Just set the view to compact and turned the text size all the way down and I was good to go!
Reddit has pulled me away from all social media it's amazing
Mobil site nagware is really trying my patience. Please stop asking me every 5 seconds to open content in the app while browsing the Mobil site.  I get that you want your metrics but it is seriously moving me away from the platform.  If I wanted the cut and pasteless app I would be using it. Add cut and paste to the app and I’ll be happy migrate over to it.  I’ve gotten to the point where I only use reddit on My pc. Your pushing away your Mobil users with this aggressive tactic.
What the duck did you just ducking say about me, you little botch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Queso, and I have over 300 confirmed kilos
A fun way to read news, explore music, browsing memes, you name it! 🙌👍
For one reason or another I got logged out of the app and had a hard time logging back in. I tried resetting my password and checking server statuses without any success. Turns out that even though the desktop site and other 3rd party apps will allow for any character in your password, this app will not. I like to have special characters in passwords and I don’t like that this app won’t allow me to input the same password as the site.
This app is extremely useful for not only learning but for networking!!!! It’s absolutely amazing, since I’ve started using this app my company has tripled in profits!!!!!!!! I would recommend this app to everyone! Even my dog!!! It’s just that awesome!!! Thank you for helping me build teamgetmoney.net !!!!
STOP ASKING ME TO RATE THIS APP JESUS CHRIST
I don’t see how hard it would be to add a simple Block User feature in the app. There are some really annoying users on that site. Especially one who thinks they know it all and question other people’s opinions and shoots down their ideas.
I think reddit is great. I prefer it over Facebook or twitter.
Fuego
When using the reddit app it will randomly redirect to a mobile site with an advertisement to use the mobile app. I’m already in the app.
I don't care about your new app or have any desire to use it. I'm fine with using it on my browser so stop it with the banners and messages about your useless app.
fun and easy to use
I have only recently began to use Reddit and it has yet to disappoint me.
Literally every time I post a link on Facebook or go through a link on Facebook and try to upvote or anything it says I’m logged out. I go back to the app..... which I’ve obviously been logged into and again it says I’m logged out and I need to re login to the app. Figure it out
To me, reddit is the perfect social network. Hopefully it stays that way. The app is great and easy to navigate and find interesting things to read or see. The only thing that drops this down from 5 stats IMO is the fact that it occasionally crashes. I have only experienced this when sharing a post to slack so if you are not a slack user you may not have that issue.
Subscribe to r/brockhampton because they’re the best boy band in the world
Touch targets on the iPhone SE are ridiculously tiny and next to impossible to activate, specifically on the clear button (x) when removing recently viewed subreddits or accessing more options in the search bar.
Still got some bugs and iOS 9 will not be supported anymore. The last version I can get is very good
Very good
Don’t use the app it will screw up your account and after 4 years having all my comments and posts just disappear and leave me with negative karma I’m leaving this app with a negative and user beware if you have built your karma stand clear.
Is awesome
Yeet
Great.
Nice app
This platform is fast for what i need it for (Memes and Video Game help) the responses are faster than twitter or any social media platform i seek help on. Highly recommend.
Wow, guys. I really love the new community suggestions feature. I’m always looking for new subs and this pleasantly surprised me.
Really annoying bug: it logs me out of my accounts without telling me. Why does this happen? Please fix. It’s happened twice now, with two different accounts. I don’t like having to keep re-logging in.
Bring the old sharing options back. No one wants to click more to share.
Nice app, getting updated with more features everyday. However, you still cannot directly quote from a comment or the original post.
Title
Every 15th post is an ad. And not even varying ads, but the same ad for Reddit Gifts which I already participate in. Far too many ads
I like
I joimed because of the offlinetv subreddit and i gotta say it's pretty amazing join at r/offlinetv
I think the new feature were you can click on a photo/video and keep scrolling through your feed, or subreddit is great. The thing I hate about it is that I’ll scroll through about a hundred posts and accidentally leave the post and have it take me all the way back to the first post I tapped on. It’s kind of annoying but all around the app is great and I hope new features and updates come In the future.
Good
صيف خلف جل الموزع ثقبي حكى شخص ظني فاز هنا حنا
I can login on a PC, but not through the app.
Recently I couldn’t find any good memes 😓😓😓... but since I got Reddit my memes have gone through the roof! 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗 Thanks Reddit👌👌👍👍👍
It’s great, yeah, but on the mobile app, you can’t unhide any posts you’ve accidentally hidden, and you can’t block any users.  These things really need to be fixed. 
8/8 m8
i thoroughly enjoy and respect this platform. it feels like a newspaper specialized to my interests. i could scroll for hours, and feel like i'm not wasting time (as i do on instagram) because i am learning and communicating.
Diz is da Wea Bruddass
New to this cute and they do a great job making sure nobody it just trolling. Super cool interesting and fun! Good way to reach people. Everybody there seems friendly so far :)
Please fix. It is very irritating to get a message in the middle of a thread and then go back and it’s gone.
I love it
Love it!!
I don't understand how people could not love this app.
👉👌👉👌🍆🍑🍆🍑🍆🍑🔪🙅🏼‍♂️🙅🏻‍♂️🙅🏽‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏿‍♂️🙅‍♂️🧛🏻‍♂️🧛🏻‍♂️🧛🏻‍♂️🧛🏻‍♀️🧛🏻‍♀️🧛🏻‍♀️🧠🧠🧠🖕
For some reason, and it’s very frustrating (iOS)
Real dope
Easy to use
There still exist subreddits that openly support hate speech, targeted harassment, and racism. I think we all know the subs I’m referring to. These subs are filled with upvote bots and constant brigading on other subreddits that disagree with them. I’m sorry, but I can’t give this site a good review until reddit mans up and bans the toxic communities.
Does the job
This app and Reddit itself provide a platform for hate groups such as T_D. Don’t feed the trolls, or the ones that feed off them.
Seems stable
They've really made a safe space for nazis here.
It really does
I love reddit, and i wanted to comment, so i loaded the app. Its easier to search Google and find a thread then it is to use the Reddit search which is unfortunate!
Reddit as a platform 5 years ago was pretty good.  But now its filled with vile bile spewing hate mongers. The outright bile of white nationalists and crypto fascists and raging sexist man babies and foreign country social media manipulation is permitting through the boards through a orchestrated acts of vote brigading and post manipulation. /u/spez who is the ceo Steve Huffman is either complicit or just plain chicken scared to take a stand to it.
In reality, I use this app more than I should, and no matter when and where I use it, the native videos manage to either not load, or load audio, but stop loading video, freezing on an early frame.
For the "official" Reddit app, it's not doing it's job well enough. Reddit hosted videos and images frequently don't load, and crashes and freezes happen happen frequently as well. Definitely could use work, because there aren't very many other options.
a) don’t bug me to rate the app all the time and b) the x button to remove a subreddit from the recent list is way too easy to fat finger and just open the subreddit. It takes me 10 tries to just hit the button.
Reddit is not only for memes, there are informational and supportive subreddits aswell
I could spend hours on here.
Great app
The eye doctor says that by using my near sight I could be damaging my vision. He's probably right, but my vision is pimpin. Can you please make it easier to read? I would like to *see* a feature that increases the size of everything in the app.
Great app, does what it needs to do.   I’ve noticed a bug on the current version, for IOS. When I am notified on my phone about something within the app, I get the typical app notification in the corner of the applet. I’ve noticed that when I’ve cleared the notifications within the app, I’m still seeing the notification on the applet itself. To clear the issue I have to go back into the app and then it recognizes that I’ve “seen” the notification; after opening the app twice. Please let me know if you need any more details on this bug. 
Bottom text
Good app, cool community, funny memes
On the iPad, you cannot zoom text in landscape mode, it just puts a fixed size, fixed width column in the middle of the screen with a lot of white space on the sides.  Also there’s this stupid “Popular” tab which appears ALL the time.  Press the Home icon?  Go to the Popular tab.  Tap a link from another app?  Go to the Popular tab first.  Open the app?  You got it — Popular tab!  I go to Reddit to see what other people with common interests to mine are saying.  I don’t go because I want to see the latest cat video or stupid human trick.  There’s Facebook for that.  GET RID OF IT!!
Lots of improvements made lately. Keep up the good work!
you cant comment to often or they will literally not send ur comment. so thats bs. its cool besides that tho
Reddit is of course a great site, wouldn't be as popular if it wasn't so this review is just to say the app does a great job of taking Reddit and making the mobile experience very fluid.
I just had my account randomly log off and have no way of getting back in.
Death threats, glorification of genocide, and blatant racism are met with a casual shrug of the shoulders by reddit admins. They value the ad traffic more than human decency. Spez, the CEO, is a Trump supporter and actively defends the petulant trolls.
Audio doesn’t work when I tap speaker icons.
The apps great, had it for awhile. But whenever I try to watch the short vids that I see on my feed, about halfway through it glitches and won’t play, even after I scroll away from it or go to the whole post. It’s really pissing me off.
Good app.
They are unlawfully banning any post that oppose the democrat narrative. They are breaking the law, anybody who believes in free speech, I highly suggest you go somewhere else for a REAL non patrician platform. I will NEVER use Reddit again!
Not actually a review just wanted to wish whoever may be reading this a fantastic day and life
The app is fine but the Apollo app does everything better.
This app is a very good place to share convos with a community that will argue.
Ever since Reddit I feel like I have a better grasp on my current interests
The app crashes so often and it takes forever to scroll down to where I was reading just a minute ago. This increasingly happens when putting a thumbnail in full screen. The app also constantly turns the screen from landscape to portrait mode despite having locked rotation on. Except for the fact that there is no "get the Reddit app" spam, this is no better than the website.
it's very annoying that I've had my account for over a year and verified my email and it still makes me wait ten minutes every time I comment something. another thing you should be aware of is Reddit has a very uneducated community of politics where people don't debate with you, but instead downvote you for your ideologies. even if hey are rational and based by evidence
I'm starting to use Reddit more and was hesitating on using the app because I know most browser to app interfaces are completely different from one another. However with the Reddit app it feels newer then the browsers but it just feels right.
It works good other than that. Like the dark theme that makes it easier to read.
I swear, every time you keep updating it it gets worse and worse. It was fine the way it was originally, but with these new updates things are harder to use and locate. I’m not even going to mention the constant bugs that’ve been occurring lately, the sad part is that this app isn’t the only one doing this. It’s a shame honestly, it’s a no from me guys 👎🏿
What happened? After an update the search function can’t find posts or subreddits even when I type the exact name in the exact case and exact format. Absolutely ruined. Switched to Apollo today. It’s a strange thing when the search works on the third party app better than the first party app.
A first-party app that is amazeballs. Who'd have thunk it?
Good
Apparently, you can't sort by new posts anymore? Please bring this feature back.
i feel like the website is a little daunting but the app is great
It’s a great app overall. I enjoy Reddit as a whole and think this app has a lot of features. However, I wish we had the ability to block people on here (some people are trolls, reporting takes a while to be responded to, and usually the person is still on the website). I also don’t know why we cannot sort comments by “new” anymore. (It would be nice if we could also sort them by “old.”) It would be nice to have those changes.
Great user interface. Very addictive!
At version 4.2.0 best thing ever
This app is trash. Download “Apollo.”
Thanks for the iPad update , its so much better now.
There are some notifications that never come through even though I get the notification for it it’s never there. All of the community’s are toxic and repeatability threw abuse and mean words at me. The community moderators are rude and entitled and I’ve been banned for not having the same opinion as them. This is a toxic community that I’ve been part of for a year so far and will now be deleting this horrible, horrible app.
Works great.
Newspaper? What's that? You mean Reddit?
Works like it should and has good features. Connects with your account so everything saved and subscribed to shows up. It just works and does what it should. Can't ask for more 🤷🏻‍♂️
This app helps you with hallucinations, endless laughter, and above all else something to do on the toilet (other than the business at hand). Definitely would recommend to anyone wanting to laugh out loud with out any drugs or just generally learn somethings and stuff. Ok cool.
Love the improvements and works well on mobile.
Was working fine for a very long time, then about two days ago every time I open the app it only lasts not even a minute n then stops n closes it out on me!!!!  Please help I need my Reddit back!!! 
Simple interface and amazing content
Reddit is garbage. Trash people everywhere.
Good if you want to browse on a mobile device!
Redit is ok is a bit limited a bit  annoying not really the best entertainment media Facebook is much better; is challenging to understand how it really works it’s a bit discouraging to be honest I think I needs to be fixed and updated. That’s my 411 Juggalos. 
No flaws
I’ve had a reddit account for about 2 years now but haven’t really used in since I created it really but since I’ve downloaded this mobile app I’ve found that I’ve been using it more than Twitter! Awesome app there’s some customization options which is great
You can find anything from creepy stories to keep you up at night... to cooking recipes. Reddit has something for everyone and the app only makes it easier to access all of that brain food. Love it ❤️
Very smooth to use, especially compared to viewing Reddit on a computer screen. Also easy to share things via text or email very quickly.
Go away noobs
Browse it all the time
This app is great, formatting and posting can be done with ease, my only two issues are:  1. clicking links anywhere in someone's post. Instead of opening the link, that comment is instead contracted so you can no longer view the text! I've noticed this new update includes some attempt to remedy this issue, but I will be leaving this up on the cons list until the problem is entirely resolved  2. no more unnecessary notifications for absolutely *random* posts that are climbing /r/all. I haven't gotten any in the last couple of weeks, but I'm mot sure whether to credit you guys for knocking it off, or myself for having disabled all notifications from this app. OH, and speaking of which, stop asking me every time I open the app to re-enable them. Until I'm only being notified of replies to my posts/comments and new DMs, I will NOT be turning notifications back on.  Besides those two things, you guys are rocking the UI and etc!! Keep up the good work 
Swiping left to navigate comments is seamless, and probably my favorite feature.
I had no idea how to use or navigate Reddit before I downloaded this, but I've learned so much, and it's great. I love passing time and helping my desired communities on this app, and I feel that everyone should be exposed to Reddit. Hope you download!
I really liked that feature! Maybe you could have a setting where it can be turned on or off for those who want it or don't want it
Love being able to be a part of different communities.
One of the better avenues for getting valuable information directly from consumers and often times in an instant.
It’s not letting me log back in despite having the correct information
Sometimes goes all wonky and it's hard to mark responses as read, but generally works well.
Doesn't support text to speech, prevents me from reading via browser which does support it and prevents copy and paste..
Censors conservative opinions.
Kinda nice
Do it
The app is ok.  I still prefer the website on my mobile because it can move to landscape in the browser.
Quick and simple.
This app is addicting im in love with reading in the no sleep section
Keep doing yo thaaaaang, okaaaaay.   Best regards  The angry children of NY 
...
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Brutal at first. Until you become brutal too.
Update1-25-18, Alien Blue is still way better even though it's unsupported.   I'm still using the discontinued Alien Blue app, I downloaded this to try and see if they were able to make something better, they were not.  Even without support and being out of date Alien Blue is better. 
The lag when pressing links or going to subreddits is now fixed. Thank you Reddit team.
Don’t go to r/thesims unless you’re not worried about triggering people though.
The undoubted front page of the internet, without a doubt a great app and highly recommended for anyone
Awesome, but can we get the ability to block subs from r/all? LateStageCapitalism is starting to get annoying.
Must download. Don’t hesitate, just download...You will be satisfied no matter who you are or what you like.
Took me a moment to find out that I am supposed to choose what I want to see. After that I had a nice time
This app will stop losing parts of Reddit on a regular basis, even when there is nothing at all wrong with my internet connection and I can load linked external content just fine. I’m tired of seeing “can’t reach reddit” when I can get to it without issue on a desktop computer on the same WiFi network.
New to Reddit & finding very interesting & easy to navigate.
Engineered by engineers and not for end-users.  Will prevent you from posting for 10 minutes after your first post.  This means that to make your second post you must put down the phone for 10 minutes and wait.  U can not even surf the application because you must forfeit your thought to do so.  Not for children as fan-bots get vicious when their hypocrisy is pointed out.  Run buy losers.  Can’t even compliment a tattoo wo being forced to wait 9 minutes.  Reached a new level of Hypocrisy this morning guys!!!  Can’t even up vote cause I’m to fast now!!! 
This app is a tool and a source of media I respect their authentication process but I do not enjoy it. I enjoy the app non the less. Keep doing you reddit
Thanks for listening to your users and adding Safari View Controller! Super useful!
Amazing it's helped me with so many things
It's the greatest thing ever! Easy to use and pretty fluid. I hate it...I USED TO HAVE A LIFE YA KNOW!!
Quite literally the best app available.  THE BEST 
It’s normified now
Good app, good functionality, but I’ve been randomly logged out of two accounts in the last 12 hours, one of which I cannot remember the email or password for, so I’m permanently locked out.
This is only place where you can go and read real news, instead of all the filtered crap you read on any news websites. And the people who are whining about the little things on the app, stop being so ungrateful because it is free. Thanks for the great app!
Please make gold memebership and gilding obtainable for itunes gift card . Thank you 
Dark Mode is too Dark and the animation for closing images is weird.  Feature Request  - Start where you left off  - Auto Play Gif only 
I am using this app on an iPhone and the only videos that play are YouTube. Any other site will not play. Stick with the AlienBlue app, everything plays. I know this app is semi new so I was trying to wait and see if anything gets fixed but it hasn't. And now the app bugs me everyday to do a review. So here it is, APP IS TRASH-DELETE IT AND GET AlienBlue
This website actively enables hate groups. I will not be using it.
I found out who touched my spaghett.
At first I didn’t like the setup and was kinda confusing to me but I’m glad I tried again because I can spend hoursssss just scrolling through Reddit for fun. Or if I have a question I know I can probably find the answer on Reddit, it has EVERYTHING
reddit knows de wae bruddas
Make a way to hide your username while showing people stuff so I can show friends my comments and stuff without them seeing my username. Then I’ll change my review to 5 stars Edit- also make it so when sharing via iMessage it only sends the URL and not also the title of the post. The URL expands on iMessage and shows the title, so it just has the title twice EDIT: Sad to report website/app is full of anti-semitism 
The video plays but then freezes like two seconds in and stays on one frame while the video continues the sound keeps going but the video stays frozen.
Welcome to the front page of the internet! Just don't plan on watching any videos or gifs because half of them won't work.
......with many different subjects and other things on the net.  Subscribe to your favorite topics or just peruse the popular things of the day.  The more you use it the more you'll love it
r/leagueoflegends
It's a great app and I love it. I'm addicted and use it all the time for memes, makeup and everything in between.  Only issue is that sometimes it make me wait 10 minutes between comments. This is especially annoying when people ask for help on a topic and I try to answer their questions, but am unable to. Otherwise it's great!! 
This app is probably great but I'm not entirely sure how to navigate it yet
Great app, way better experience than the website.
If you use reddit purely for entertainment it is fine. UI is garbage. Looks like something from 1995. App heavily trends to the extreme leftists sides politically. Almost daily a socialist post makes the “front page” to the point it became an obvious agenda and I deleted the app. Only 14-25 year olds with no grasp of either economics or history like socialism as much as the kids on Reddit.
I love this app!
Pictures have all sorts of issues. Actually, most external content has trouble loading in the app. Would have just given feedback in the app but it wants an email, presumably for follow up. No. Just fix it. We don’t need to be BFFs.
The app runs slow, and when you click a post sometimes it freezes for a second before taking you to the comments. At first i thought it was my phone but i just upgraded to the iPhoneX and it’s still doing it.
I guess it works, but the constant updates keep changing things that don’t need to be fixed. The new “live” feature on game threads renders them useless.   You can usually look at pictures and videos. It usually works. Usually.   It keeps asking me to leave a review, so here you go. 
App works pretty well. Never really had any issues from the system itself.
I don't know what happened I just got on and I was signed out. I did not think about it so I just tried to login but nothing worked.
Keep changing the app to oppress minority opinion, use a better app like Gab
Okay so the Reddit app logged me out for no reason and since I can't remember my password, the Reddit made me not be able to get back onto Reddit. Thanks for that.
Whenever I press comments or search bar; there is about a two second lag then it works. Used to be quicker. Pls fix. Otherwise it is 10/10 would install on all devices.
There are memes and stuff on this app but I scrolled not even a few pages down and there is a meme with Obama being hanged. I thought iOS apps were strongly vetted. Zero stars. Should not even be in the App Store.
It’s the best app I’ve used for social networking!
Reddit has more porn than any porn site, radical.
The app worked fine and then the other day it randomly signed me out and now it constantly says “sorry, try again later” when I enter my log in information. I looked it up and apparently it’s a common issue with the iOS app. This needs to be fixed. I can sign in on the computer and in safari but the app just refuses to work properly.
Here are the issues I’m facing in the app:  - Stuttering when scrolling.  - After I tap on a post, there is a 2-4 second    delay before the post opens.  - There is a massive amount of lag when scrubbing through the alphabetical list of my subscribed subreddits.  - The app is very slow to open compared to past updates.   Please fix these issues! 
pretty good besides the fact that you cant search for a lot of subreddits. you need to hope you find a link to it in subreddit you CAN find.
Too often I get the “can’t reach Reddit” error message when navigating to a sub, or get empty search results when I know for a fact there are matching threads. Reddit is fun, but putting up with the app wears down on me.
Great
Latest update seems to have broken the comments section.
Ever since the new update, it's been so much slower. I love the themes and the new loading icon, but the app has slowed down. Other than that, it's great!
I hate updates that actually go backwards - turning a nice app into a barely usable one. Please fix all the crashes. 
You always fit in with Reddit because of the sheer amount of sub-reddits. Its a nice community in general and I live the app.
The Reddit app is absolutely a more than sufficient way to use the service, however there are several features that I feel should be added/expanded. I feel that the messaging service through the app is, while sufficient, not as streamlined as the messaging experience provided by social media apps. Understanding that Reddit is not in the same category as websites such as Facebook or Twitter, I feel that making the messaging on the Reddit more intuitive would be a fruitful endeavor. Also, I think that making the users subscribed sub-reddits more easily accessible would be nice. Overall, the updates to the app over the last couple of years have made the app a very pleasant experience.
Reddit and Reddit and Reddit over and over and again.   You play your cards right and you'll be having interesting conversations, viewing captivating pictures, and reading mesmerizing stories.
"-You've got good stuff"
I think it's all pretty much perfect.
:)
I love this site!  From entertainment to advice, this is the place.
Well designed for its purpose, glad it's just a simple scrolling format, glad the vids are automatically muted to start, and of course the content is immaculate. Reddit restores my faith in humanity.
Add copy + paste so we can use copypasta correctly
Amazing app
Awesome
Does what it needs to do. Basically the same features as desktop (maybe even a couple more). I wish there could be a white and red theme.
Can’t access full screen when watching videos through the app. Youtube banner covers the full screen icon, so once you try to click full screen, you’re redirected to YouTube. In my case, the YouTube app opens.
Nice
Very informative. Always has useful info.
The community you can find on this app is amazing. I've never met more interesting people in one place. I would highly recommend for anyone who is looking for people who are looking for gaming communities.
I like
My favorite source for non-agenda news with reasonable moderation and minimal censorship. Love Reddit!!
However, something that needs fixing is sorting your own posts on your profile. it does not do anything at all. all sorting options just show all of your posts sorted by ‘Hot’.
Yeah.
Easy to use app, great content
Absolutely brilliant app I'm probably on this app every day daily.
The recommended community’s. I don’t need to see those every 10 post. It’s annoying. Till that’s fixed Apollo is the go to app.
It's a fantastic app. Enough said. Now quit asking questions and download it.
It's more lowkey and less emotional and less extra
This app is insanely amusing to use because of all the categories they let you choose from. If you need information you can go there and if you need some laughs just check out reddit. I hugely recommend more people using this app
I just want to rate this app.
But now it’s full of racists and psychos who spew hate speech. The CEO does nothing while they infect the site. I’m done until there gone.
very convenient
They harbor hate groups, allow racism and allow people to promote rape among other things.
It was fine few months ago (when you could switch account by holding down avatar and all the settings were on the right side) it was simple, quick and user friendly. Of course they had to ruin it with this over complicated garbage.
I think the title pretty much sums it up. I tried to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it’s pretty decent if you only use it to view new ideas, funny pics, etc. but once you start commenting, you begin to realize that each r/“insert topic here” is basically miniature cults that won’t allow you to have a difference of opinion from that majority. Many times I would see people comment simple and valid points, just to have 10 others harass, cuss out and insult them for not ignoring those points and being a part of their team. Not once did I see moderators do anything to stop it.
Awesome and easier!
I really dislike the "in case you missed it" at the top of my front page. I wish it was an optional feature.
Big fan of the subreddit(group) idea. There's always a place for somebody.
Pretty ok.
Still after all this time I still can’t sign on with the app, yet I can on web browser or third party. Pathetic...
I was forced to get the app! When trying to use reddit on my phone browser this annoying pop-up window was aggressively promoting the app and blocking me from doing anything. Great, now the app’s opening icon-symbol is burned into my brain and I can’t put my phone down.
What time does the narwhal bacon?
Ok. Your app works well and you guys update it like hourly it feels so good on you. Just know I wouldn’t be using it if you didn’t shove it down my throat I’d much rather just view it through my browser and you’ve made that nearly impossible.
I like this app a lot. This app allows the community to share life from another perspective. GENIUS
Just wish that when you click on a post and then scroll sideways, it would show that you read that post too.
Who asked for Profiles, really?
I don’t like kittens (sorry App Store Editors and everyone else), but for the things I do like (rockets, axolotls, Pokémon, Homestarrunner.com, flags, creepy stuff, mildly interesting things, old news, science and movies), Reddit's got me (and you) covered!
This Reddit app is outstanding. It's fast and is quite easy to use. I have no trouble navigating around it. Highly recommend if you want to use Reddit in the go.
Could never stand going on the site. I tried year after year and just hated the experience. Tried the app out and now I’m flipping hooked... please help me, I haven’t seen anything other than my screen for months.
Being that you can basically find anything you need to know with every opinion under the sun, and people chomping at the bit to knock you down a few pegs, it's a humbling information society.
Easy to browse and configure. Love the night-time mode.
Love it. I’ve had it for a long time and I can find prefer much anything I want on it. Movies, shows, news, friends, advice, compilations. Anything. It’s like a super social network. Pretty awesome. Check it out. And I’m not a bot. I’m a human. And actual normal person.
Yas
I posted stuff on both the app and the website, but when I try to find it again the app it’s no where to be found
So easy to stay up in current events and know what’s going out n in different communities. The algorithms keep my home feed very well curated. I’m incredibly satisfied with this app.
This app helps me keep up to date with all of the latest and greatest meme   10/10  -Seth Benson 
Me too thanks
I love the reddit app and have never had any issues until lately. No gifs play for me anymore. The gif logo just keeps flashing but never loads. I’ve deleted and downloaded  the app again as well as checking my connection but I’m still having the same issues!
If you love Reddit you'll love this app. Now I can pass time on my phone even more than I already do. Yipee!
Good
Best app ever
It is funny
This app functions pretty normally. I like the easy layout. I also like that it doesn't crash often (but it does crash.) A little slower for my taste. Overall, a GOOD app. Not the best. Most definitely NOT the worst. I recommend it.
The only problem is that you have to build up a fan base to have your shown
All the experience of Reddit in an awesome and concise place
I’ve re-installed this app several times and factory reset my phone, but it continues to eat my battery. The worst battery drain happened a few days ago and it’ll be my last till install the next app fix. I had a full charge starting at 1pm and by 8pm, I was surprised my phone shown at 1%. My usage was minimal using it to pick up one phone call and send short messages to a friend for a meetup. iOS battery usage was showing Reddit using 53%. I decided to use another app for now and my battery life has been lasting much longer with the same amount of usage.
It is what you think it is
Better than 9gag
Needs support for Smart Invert.
Latest update ruined this app. Everything is slower to load now. What a shame.
Reddit’s website is so obnoxious about trying to make you use the app. You’re a website — I ain’t going to use your cr*ptastic mobile app
The Reddit app is lovely
👌
Great app!
The app is fine, but I'm leaving this review in the hopes that the app stops asking me if i'm enjoying reddit.
Crashes immediately upon opening, fix the bug please.
I have fun communicating with others that have same opinions along with others proposing new ideas!!!
This is a good app
I can’t use the search option. Every time it shows up empty
Love it!!!
The "Live" feature is horrible. It was even more stupid to completely get rid of the "NEW" option for it. Whoever made that decision needs to be let go.  Considering this is the main issue I have since this is the issue I come across the most, 1 star until it's handled. Get rid of live or give the "NEW" option back 
It's nice
Its confusing
Lots of good information here and great porn.
ever
This basically gives punk kids a voice to do whatever they want with no consequences its best to avoid this app they obviously don’t care what kinda content they have
This app is the best use of anyone’s spare time. Endless possibilities stop reading the reviews and just download it - brittney *****
I’m rating it one star because the reddit website is really demanding you use the app. It’s really annoying. Now I can’t even browse unless I download the app since I don’t want to login on other devices in safari.
STOP CHANGING EVERYTHING
App helps me get my Reddit fix. Yay. But please stop asking me to rate again and again. Don't be clingy.   Still here. Being asked to rate. Again. And again. And again. Freakin stop!!!  Once again. Three months since last time. I like you. I swears. Please stop being so clingy. 1/18 
Nailed it
Love it!
DONT EVER CHANGE!
The new live option when viewing a thread is just not good enough. New comments specially on a big threads just pass by WAY too fast for me to be able to read it. Please bring back the new comments option and Ill update it manually!
There is like a 2-3 second delay after tapping on a post before it opens up to read the comments, even on new iPad Pro.
I just came here to say that I absolutely love the new Live feature they just added. Allows me to sit in a thread and see live comments as they come in. I’ve been waiting for something like that on mobile. Perfect for r/hockey and r/NFL Game Threads. Love it!
Pretty much the best thing ever. No complaints. Love reading you with my coffee in the morning.
How could you get through the day without Reddit?
Love it
They added the left swipe to collapse comments which is key. Also doesn't crash very often. Good overall
great app... funny   hot girls... what more do you  need....
If you want an app that loves to crash frequently, you will love this app.
Looks pretty much just like the website and is easy to navigate.  All around I just works nicely.
Love it
Love it
Night view mode is a life saver. Better than the online view
I can’t believe that every other social networking application has optimization with voice over and other screen readers, but this one does not. That’s just sad. Boo, and and whoever heard of waiting a few days before you can post on social media that’s stupid.
Works well enough.
Reddit is the most amazing app ever!!!!!
Love reddit, but review for five stars reminds me of black mirror ....
It's reddit it works well kaboom
I get so much enjoyment out of browsing reddit. There's lots of great communities to join in conversation with and it usually will bring a smile to my face. The only improvement I could really see would be making the search bar better, I can't always seem to find the things I am looking for with the reddit search function.
this app is must-have af, don't be basic, just DL now.
Good
Best app on the planet!
The content is great and interesting. But the interface doesn\'t orient someone just coming on to learn. I know it should be intuitive, by and large it isn\'t for me. And when moderators are involved - how do we know who is who.
Anything else works fine but videos from the original Reddit upload is crap, videos will play for like 2 seconds and freeze the whole way even tho the play time location bar thing on the bottom still runs.
Love Reddit, love the official app.
This helps with a lot of connections and marketing stuff👌🏽
No, Reddit, I don’t want to use the app and do want the mobile web page.  That’s why I went to it in MobileSafari.  Reddit’s mobile website insistence on trying to redirect me to the app every time rather than just showing me the web page is infuriating.  Use the standard app install banner on your web page that I can ignore if I so desire in cases where I want to use private browsing.  Putting buttons where the default action is to send me to the App Store for your app is the kind of stuff that goes in the highest level of app hell.
Reddit has taken over my entire life
Works as well as one could expect
Once you establish all your interests on Reddit, it’s great. Whether you like a certain sport team or you like cool cyberpunk pictures or BOTH. It has everything and you make it unique to your interests.
The videos have lost their sound. There’s been a sound icon on the bottom left of the videos, normally you like it to hear what’s going on. Poking it does nothing.
Why is the layout changed? It takes A LOT more clicks to get to my posts and comments when it shouldn’t. Also the app lags sometimes when you click on a post. Never had this issue before updating. Please fix both issues
Since the new update a lot of hyperlinks won’t work and I’ll have to reset the app to see them. Also when trying to going to my profile I get the same thing so I have to reset the app.
This app will keep u entertained for hours. The subject matter is endless, no matter what your looking for , chances are you'll find it here. Very informative with a variety of ways to express yourself and discuss opinions, or get feedback. Great app! Keep up the good work
AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaPPPPPPPppppppppp
Using an 8 Plus. Newest update broke the app. Won’t connect to the servers now. Please fix.
The interface is straight forward. Honestly, thats all you need to have a great app.
Very convenient and pleasant. Most everything fits on the screen and it’s easy to find what you want to see. One problem is that imgur photos don’t show up in the preview, another is that there could be more gesture controls, like swipe to upvote, long press to save, etc
Switched to the reddit app from alien blue and I have no complaints with the reddit app. It has great functionality and is pretty customizable. Definitely a great app! So long as it keeps being improved upon it will remain a great app. Highly recommend.
Great way to browse reddit on the go
Just to catch up yknow?
Reddit perfected a mobile platform for community empowerment. From organizing fund raisers, partnering up in order to start a business, or creating world class works of art: there is no better option.
Sooooooo are you guys going to fix the issue with uploading a profile photo and banner to your personal reddit account or did you just add the feature to mess with everyone?
Why doesn’t it just jump to the comment you were notified about, rather than only showing that comment?? Also the notifications don’t go away after viewing the comment someone made half the time
It has groups for almost everything you could possibly be interested in!  How could you lose?
Works as advertised
No major issues. The app seems to crash less with the last update.
The audio mute button is directly behind the share button
I would give this app a four star rating, if not for the fact that the CEO, u/spez, refuses to do anything to stop the spread and growth of subreddits dedicated to white supremacy and bigoted conspiracy theories. This especially includes r/The_Donald, which spez says is necessary to provide a platform for those who “feel like their voice isn’t heard.” This is obviously bs as r/The_Donald is an enormous subreddit that frequently breaks community rules on encouraging violence and hate speech. An in depth of list of the posts on the subreddit that have done this can be found on r/AgainstHateSubreddits.
There’s so many small things wrong with this app. It’s so buggy. Makes browsing reddit a pain. New updates don’t fix anything at all
I honestly miss Alien Blue for reddit on iPhone, but I won’t complain. This app took me a while to get used to, but once I did I love it. I couldn’t live without reddit, so any app works!
First off apparently you get you an get banned for telling the truth and for people not doing their jobs. Second, mods never do their jobs Reddit needs to pay mods or stop taking volunteers because there not anything. The board are filled with repeat posts 24/7 auto mod doesn't work for the site. The Reddit company doesn't care about that as long as they make money, we are customers they need better customer service and workers that will do there jobs correctly. Reddit maybe when you learn to not ban people for doing your job you'll have better reviews and more users. Update as of 11/12/2016 still no change terrible app!!!
I use reddit everyday it’s great the app has never crashed on me the crew behind this app they are on point.  Thank you reddit moderators 👍🏾 
Pretty good app. It\'s mostly functional, but sometime during the last week for some reason trying to open imgur images in the imgur app no longer works. When you click on the open in app, while viewing the image in the reddit browser, instead of opening the app, it jumps to a page saying \"the official imgur app ....\" which describes it a little bit. Opening in a browser asks you to open the App Store as if I don\'t already have the app. And yes I know for certain I have the app. If I go to the App Store via the link and click open it works, but it\'s a hassle. Please fix this. It was so much more convenient to be able to go directly between the two apps. It was working just fine about a week ago.
Can we please have a keyword search available for the saved posts view?   I find myself constantly scrolling up and down trying to find posts I’ve saved as early as a few days ago and as long as a months ago.   Would be a huge improvement to the experience in my opinion! Great app, thanks. 
I'm enjoying myself
Reddit has by far the worst video player I’ve ever used. None of your updates or fixes could ever improve this absolute garbage video player. It needs to be completely redone from the ground up, and this time don’t hire monkeys to build it.  Other than that, the app is fine. 
I love almost everything about the app but I hate that I can only post like one or two comments and after that it tells me I have to wait several minutes before I can comment again. I mean seriously, wait 9 minutes before I can comment? That’s ridiculous...
AmaZing
This is so much better from when they originally released this app! So much cleaner.
It's a pretty good app. I like it
.
I am totally addicted to Reddit and love the app.  I haven't had any problems with the app on my iPhone but it does sometimes close out on my iPad.  Otherwise, it's great!
Reddit is the bomb.
the recent GUI is annoying.  please leave the time/battery icon/wifi/cell icons showing. 
Very little effort expended to curb hate speech. The Donald and similar subreddits are given free reign to spread anti American and pro fascist propaganda.
They position the ad to load where you put your finger to scroll down, so I’m constantly having to close the App Store when they force me to open the Yelp app, which I have already had downloaded for years.
It's good
Can’t refresh “Home” tab
Anything you're looking for. At any pace or style. Enjoying the app very much.
Whenever I’m bored at a doctors office or dentists office ir just somewhere boring and time consuming. I just look at reddit.
App works well and reddit is fantastic.
Reddit allows me to connect with people all around the world and it gives me access to groups of people i wouldnt have found anywhere else!
It's great app, helps keep me linked to multiple communities all at once
Some people give the Reddit app a lot of flack, but it’s worked great for me the past few months with minimal issues. Of course there are a few things that could be better, but even in the last four months, they’ve improved some of that.
It's good.
Hate it worst clone since club pangin's   1 lik = 1 succ 
I love Reddit as a whole, but it is definitely not a democracy as stated in the apps description, admins are trying hard to push their leftist political agenda on this website, anything that goes against their ideals gets shadow banned.
This app has an easy interface and looks clean. That said, often devs try to change apps too much once they get popular. Please don’t mess this app up. It’s great how it is.
Just as the title says, the app is kind of crappy but… But the content is a 10!
Great app
I am free
Works good. A few app crashes here and there but it's no biggie.
I don't have any problems with this app
Don't love night mode, but overall the app works well and does what it's meant to do.
Has a lot of great features.  The only problem is that it repeatedly asks you to rate the app. 
It's Reddit. 5 stahs.
I personally hate all social media for various reasons but Reddit is the only one I enjoy. It's so different and unique, I enjoy to go on it everyday to see some great memes and news around the world.
very nice
This is probably the best content sharing platform in existence, you can find content on just about any subject and it is awesome!
Don’t make me rate an app before I continue with a permanent banner on the bottom of the app. Here’s your rating
Nice
Gonna be real. Leaving a review so the app stops asking me about it, but I love it so 5 stars!
Easiest way to use Reddit on my phone. Wish it had a way to narrow searches to only posts I have saved, but that's a Reddit issue more than a problem with the app.
Not after the latest update
Ent
ever since i joined this app i have wasted at least an hour every day on it. truly terrible.  the people on here talk to me about music, help me with my science homework, and discuss cryptocurrency with me. could it get any worse?  i even traded mixtapes with a stranger on this app. STRANGER DANGER. 
I read more than I ever did before now that I have Reddit on my device. I always have something I just cannot put down because on Reddit you choose your EXACT content. Love love love it!
I’m not sure what the issue is on this update, but there is a lag between clicking on “comments” and the page actually opening.  The app also is more sensitive when it accidentally opens my user page. 
lol more like read it for hrs on end and then sleep *cringy asterisk dab*
Works well and is way to use
Overall great app, but missing the hide subreddit function from desktop. Reddit has lots of extremely political pages where users are on soapboxes, all of which I’d love to hide. To go with this, if each subreddit gave itself a tag to the sort of content it contained out of a set list, sorting for new subreddits would be made easy
I don’t understand the reviews complaining about the font, it is perfectly legible. It does crash/freeze occasionally and reminders to “open reddit in app” while browsing in a separate browser is annoying.
One of the greatest features on the app is now gone. Thanks
.. but still a great app!
It's just super good
Can't post any comments because I get an error message every time. Fix the app!
Fantastic useful app that looks great on iPhone X
Sometimes I prefer the app to the website. My only complaint is after every update (which are frequent in a good way) the app prompts me for notification settings.   I haven’t seen a setting that stops it from asking after every update. It’s a VERY small gripe and mostly just a QOL improvement. 
There is no longer an option to view posts that Ive upvoted. This is annoying. Other than that I like the new look and having even the most basic mod tools is a huge step forward. Hopefully more to come.
I just want to give credit for the stickers. They're super cute.
Works mostly well, certain comments don't load occasionally. But then I go back and refresh and works fine.  Edit: sharing links to fb messenger on iOS doesn’t work anymore. Sends text title, but not actual link to the content. Not sure if this is a reddit app issue or an iOS. So now I have to go to reddit in safari copy the link if I want to share something. Use to work within the app but doesn’t now! 
The user-friendliness pales in comparison to the website version in unnecessary ways. This is a really amateurish implementation of reddit.
Having to re-select the category bits whenever I go to browse new communities is a bit annoying but easy enough to live with but the Big No-No™ is the fact the “hitbox,” for a lack of a better word, for links in comments is waaaaay too tiny, I end up minimizing the comment whenever I try to tap the link.
I love the app! However my notifications and messages keep bugging out on me.
Much meme
Bye Felicia
The notifications are still pretty amateur. I am receiving message notification and a badge count hours after I have already viewed them within a post. Seems pretty bad.
Reddit is a fun website to use for many purposes — whether that’s to keep up on the news, politics, the latest memes, or just wild things that exist on the internet. There’s a lot of fun to be had here!
it's lit
Really the only flaw is that it crashes when I try to post a picture from my camera roll. Other than that, great app
Not a fan that I can only comment on something every 7 minutes, I don't understand why I can't freely speak to people whenever
Can’t check your upvoted posts anymore???
This app is horrible now, it’s slow and buggy and takes forever to load. Should’ve kept the old reddit.
Love Reddit but since the latest update, posts that have already been read show up as bold again he next day as if they have not been read yet.   Also really annoyed that they moved the my profile section several taps away in the top left corner. I missed it being in the bottom corner one tap anyway. I like to go back and look at my comments to see how people have responded in karma. 
Quick at fixing bugs. Frequently disconnects from the servers though.
Why did upvoted disappear from profiles?
Not a bad app all together. There are some kinks but overall, not to bad.
Or any other popular client, really. Bacon reader, Reddit is fun, narwhal, the choice is yours! But please, not the official app. (As of Jan 2018)
Not sure why subreddits I’m not subscribed to are popping up on my front page. I also unsubscribed to like four subreddits that I don’t recall subscribing to. Other than that, nice app
Today when I got on the app, my “home” page was exactly the same as the popular page. Don’t know why, but I can’t just look as the subreddits I’ve subscribed to from the home page anymore and it’s rather annoying.
Most recent updates kinda ruined it for me. Not a big fan of the updated swiping features nor the fact that it’s started to “suggest” subreddits for me to view.   Back to bacon reader I guess. 
New update: home page is now everything from popular page... sooo subreddits I’m not even subscribed to are popping up in my home feed.  I’d rather just delete this piece of trash before something NSFW shows up on my feed out of nowhere. 
Seriously how can you not figure this out, it seems like every other update this is a problem. Other than that the app mostly works fine (some links don’t work correctly, mostly Reddit links just send you to the Reddit app’s main “tab”) There is also the gfycat gifs that love to load in potato quality or at 2fps (This has been an issue for the longest time) but that’s so far the only 3 things that are not working right.
Enough said
There's a ton of subreddits showing up on my home feed that I'm not subscribed to. Never been like this before. I don't like it.
I love this app but it seems like in the past update when you scroll through your home feed it shows a ton of posts to subs I don’t even subscribe too. Go back to the old way please I don’t need to sift through things I’m not subscribed to.
Have uninstalled and using another app until the upvote section is easier to get too. Such an easy fix, hope you can fix it.
yea it does fine.
Better way of commenting
If you love ads, this is the app for you.  They used to only push ads as fake posts.  Those days are over.  Now they are pushing banner ads into the comments sections.  The banner ads are very intrusive because they don’t fit the theme at all. They are bright, flashy, and irrelevant.  That was the final straw for me when you can pay .99 and get rid of ads completely on other GREAT apps
UPDATE: Well as with many things, the updates killed this app. No longer do i receive notifications, no longer do i get an orange inbox logo, no longer do i know when people are replying to my content. Nice try i guess. I suppose the only thing im supposed to do is quit reddit. Thanks. Thanks for that.   Cant wait until I get an android and can use Reddit is Fun again. Oh man. 
I used to really enjoy the app. But the recent update has caused problems with my phone and removed/hid certain useful features and forced upon users “Reddit chat” which nobody asked for nor wanted. The app has significant lag issues on an iPhone 6+ and there have been reports of slowdowns on iPhone 7’s and even iPhone X models. Look for an alternative.
See above
This app has it all, even the smallest features add to the apps overall convenience. Would recommend to anyone and everyone!
This is simply a negative review about Reddit not really making it a friendly user experience on their website by continuously pushing their mobile app in order to view their website on a mobile device.
Passes time very easily, very interesting.
An app that once worked flawlessly is now clunky, slow and constantly crashes. I don’t receive my notifications anymore, either.
I love the app a lot, especially since I don’t own a laptop to use desktop mode, but it’s had a few recurring issues in the last month or so. I’m getting a lot of “can’t reach reddit” connectivity issues lately, whether I’m on WiFi or my carriers internet, I get the issue for both. I’m also having some frequent app crashing where the screen either goes black and I have to close the app, or it just shuts down the app and sends me back to my home screen. I hope these are fixed eventually, the app is stellar besides this. Y’all are awesome for reading this and constantly updating the app to make it better, r/loveyouguys
Love it!
I really love the app! But make it more speedier and faster 👍
Ever since the new update I have been unable to mark all messages as read in my inbox and I have had tons of refreshing issues.   The app was just fine before the update. I will be switching back to Apollo. 
Yep
Can’t see my replies/comments easily to follow up on threads.  Fix?
The notifications are broken. When it notifies me of a response, I have to go into the app twice and click on the response before the notification will clear.   There still isn’t a way to view my own comments. 
Normally I’ve had a great experience with this app, but recently I noticed that I am not longer being notified if someone replies to my posts or comments. Usually there is a red icon on the “messages” button when I get a reply, but it is no longer appearing. It would be great if this could be fixed.
I usually don't leave review s, but due to this app I now view reddit on my phone more than my PC. I do have a pretty solid complaint though: Both the "Home" and "Popular" tabs always have the exact same posts in the top 10-20 posts. I've tried subscribing to rather obscure subreddits, hiding posts, using different accounts, to no avail in terms of customizing the "Home" tab. No matter what, it's just another "Popular" tab. Due to this, I don't see the point in having both, and accidentally swiping left or right takes me back to the top of all the posts as long as they're both there.  Tl;dr-Home and Popular show the same posts no matter what. Make it one tab, or make it work as intended, please. 
If I would get a dollar for every time this app says „failed to load reddit“ after refreshing I would be rich. Super annoying
good app
nics
Cuz i love Reddit!!! I mainly read dota2 subreddit.. i f**n enjoy this app! If u like to read and watch hilarious memes go ahead download it!!
There's nothing special about this app in fact I'm seeing more and more opinionated people, not the difference of opinion type but the type that puts someone down that doesn't agree with them. It's not the app that determines it's worth but the membership and some need to pump the brakes and realize if we all agreed on everything it would be a very boring world to live in.
When I get a notification and I clear it out of my Notification Center and check it in the app, the app icon still shows the red dot. No matter how many times I open and close the app it won’t go away. I don’t like closing the app, because I read a subreddit and like to keep my place so I can come back later and pick-up where I left off.
Good app
Please add mod mail to mobile. PLEASSSSEEE
I try to browse reddit through my phone on chrome. But it keeps prompting me to download the app and i cant make it stop. I do not like this app
I mean it’s reddit that’s all I have to say
I really love this platform, may I suggest a double tap to upvote, iFunny esque?
The app is pretty well designed visually and functionally. I do wish the chat was placed in a submenu somewhere else and the user account button was back down on the main bottom menu instead. It was so much quicker and easier to switch accounts by long pressing the user button on the bottom menubar of the app.  The redesign also made the app a bit clunkier and slower, although it looks better.  The most annoying part of the app is that I regularly have connectivity issues with it. This never happens with other apps, only Reddit. I often get repeated errors about being able to load content, upvote/downvote content, posts won’t load, comments won’t load, etc. I will have to refresh it multiple times before it works sometimes. I have this problem on WiFi with no VPN, on WiFi with a VPN, on my cellular data with no VPN, and cellular data with a VPN, so it’s not a network issue.   This connectivity issue, the clunky-ness, and the worsened ergonomics/UI are all very frustrating and have made me start to look at other Reddit apps. It’s unfortunate, because is an otherwise great app. 
Sorry, can’t reach Reddit. Sorry, can’t upvote.  *crashes* 
Downloaded. Typed in user name and password. A moose head emblem came up and said cannot login at this time. Tried again, same thing. Tried again, same thing. Deleted app. That was my experience.
When trying to message people it takes forever.
If I leave the app for more than a moment, it resets my front page. It gets really aggravating, as I don’t want to have to scroll through the same things just because I went and checked my email and locked my phone a moment before picking Reddit back up to discover it reset. Please fix or I will probably have to go back to third-party apps even though i prefer supporting the original.
It seems to have slowed it down a bit.
Either the comments don’t load or the pictures don’t load or when I click to expand it doesn’t load. I like reddit mostly for the comments and to see the answers to questions people ask!!! MAKE THE COMMENTS LOAD!!!!
This version breaks sharing when you are looking at a gif
Lord and savior
Reddit is the only reason the aliens will talk to us.
Very good i love it
The app would generally be helpful, but it crashes infrequently, gifs inconsistently play, and the app annoyingly asks me to review it.
With the most recent overhaul, the app has become too slow when getting new content at launch. So much so, I’m looking for other apps. 🙁
These developers are adding so many pointless “features.” This app is garbage now
The video player on the app is just broken. Click play. First couple seconds play then it’ll freeze but the sound keeps playing. Or I’ll click on it make it full screen and it’ll stretch the video and freeze.
Enjoying it
👌
The newest update is annoying and buggy. I click on things and the app needs to think for a few seconds before anything loads. Comments used to load instantly. Now sometimes they take several seconds. Swiping back used to take me back to the front page, now it loads the previous post. Why would I want to do that... it ruins the flow of the app. Stop updating this with things we don’t want.
Can't find subreddits I know exist.
This app helps me stay current with my music scene and provides a platform for people to have open discussions about issues in our community.
Arguably one of the smoothest-running social networking apps I've ever downloaded. 10/10
Alright, so I use the desktop version a lot, but since phones are getting more advanced, I've been using the mobile version often while doing something on my PC, and it's been amazing!
At first I didn’t expect much going into this app but I must say that I was pleasantly surprised, I initially expected this to be somewhat of a less popular Twitter, but it’s that and so much more, it’s much more user friendly than Twitter in my opinion, and it’s easy to filter out want you want and don’t want to see
They need make it so we're able to post from the app. I should be able to make text and picture post when I'm using the app.
I’m being asked if I want to view articles in the app for better viewing experiences.  From within the app.  🤨 
The More You Invest Your Time, The More Rewards You Get  Content Rewards that is. Kind of tough to jump right in. As you start to understand the manners and cultures, you respect it more and are glad to be a part of this community. 
The one feature that I cannot seem to find, or probably does not exist anymore, is being able to see my upvoted posts. I would really appreciate it if there was some way to restore this because often times I want to share something I upvoted, I would have to scroll through all of my history instead to find it. To try to save a post every time I upvote it is also a chore... Sometimes I also don’t have the forethought to save a post. Again thank you for all your hard work for the new update but am sorely missing this feature
Yep
*****
App crashes frequently and logs me out randomly.
Luv the way is designed it! Keeps you updated with the last and important trends.
Its reddit, it works
This app isn’t very good. In fact, it’s terrible. It’s missing most of the features from the website. For example, you can’t sort a subreddit’s posts by “Rising Posts”. You can’t copy ANY text from a post or a comment... so you have no ability to copy and paste from this app into another app. Missing hundreds of other features as well.
I like the app in general but once I switched to Apollo, I could not come back. It’s interface is not as ‘clean’ as Apollo
Doesn’t connect to reddit.
love it!!! keep up the good work guys.
I like it
The new update removed the ability to find posts you have upvoted. That's how I kept track of posts I liked. Now they are unfindable. Total bs.
Please let us turn off theater view and give us more customize options in the settings.
Hope they could add a left handed option. Or just a customization for button placements.
However I often cant connect to reddit through app once every month for some reason. Everytime it happens, I have to reinstall the app. 
So great!
Messages app has issues where the bottom message is cut out. Annoying. It’s covered by the “text” box.
Love this app!  Because I mostly do everything on my phone or iPad and now I can Reddit anywhere!
I love reddit and the app is much easier to use than the safari version. Worth the download
Good Reddit client
The new update added advertisements. They are everywhere. Use a different app for reddit.
Easy to use, easy to navigate, and looks are on point. Best reddit app to date.
More dope than El Chappo
Search options are a little different, but sufficient for killing time
Not to mention it's despicable the way the mobile site is broken in an attempt to make you download their poor attempt at an app.  Check out Readder or Apollo for a far better reddit browsing experience 
I use it whenever i'm not busy, i'm addicted
Reddit will periodically make their webpage unnavigable with notices to use their app.   I don’t want to use their app. It’s not relevant about why; it’s a matter of me not wanting to install and use.   Each time there is a new version I will rate the app as 1 Star only. I may start a petition 
Can no longer find my “upvoted” posts, or anything else besides saved posts.
When I scroll a list of posts and new posts get preloaded, there're some lags.  And it's harder to reach comments an replies... 
Feels out of place on iOS. Get Apollo instead.
Can not maintain 60 FPS while scrolling even the most basic text menus. Ui is still terrible. I want to love the official Reddit app thanks to push notifications, but there's just no reason to use this over Narwhal (or any other third party app).
Easy to use, intuitive, and looks great. The desktop app needs to be like this.
Late to the game but better late than never. Awesome app!
Stop adding “features”. Whatever was added recently has caused the app to hang for a few seconds when clicking a topic to go into the comments. Super annoying.
The new design is harder to use, the pics don\'t swipe out when you go left or right like they used to. It is also very easy to get lost in trying to view a subreddit, as the newer design is very well, hard to explain without making it seem like you\'re speaking gibberish. To put it simply, Bring back the older design! I uninstalled the app after the design \"update\" (more like a downgrade) because I couldn\'t view a subreddit since it didn\'t look like it was an official Reddit application. Unfortunately though, it is. Giving four stars because the subreddits on Android are broken as a shattered window. I am looking for a better app, one that\'s not this, or AlienBlue, as I\'ve seen the reviews. They say it\'s bad. So, judging by reviews, Reddit is not fun (unless on PC or an unofficial app) and AlienBlue would be terrible.
Great app but lacks some user friendly features.  Would enjoy a homescreen that features posts from my subscriptions 
Seriously, they keep adding features that are absolutely unnecessary. Chat is stupid, the new picture overlay is straight trash, and they keep moving further away from actually useful integration of features, such as gifs that actually freaking play. If you’re looking for a Reddit app, go somewhere else. This one only gets worse.
LAAAAAAAAAAG! So much lag with new update/layout
This platform allows you to create discussions with people from all over the world and enables you to experience and interact with people from all different races and ethnicities
Enjoying it so far
After I downloaded the latest update, the app seemed to work for about 3 sessions and then constantly got stuck in the “can’t reach reddit”. I had to remove the app and reinstall to fix the issue.   Once I was in the new version the app constantly treated me like a new user and asked me for feedback and reviews, so here is your review. I hope you enjoy it. Just let me read the content without spamming me 
I prefer the creepy encounters and lets not meet boards. The app works great and I prefer it over the website, especially on mobile.
Would give 5 stars but the updates to the app now means I can’t share the actual pics from the app, it now sends a link. Boo. Please change back. Love the app but just not as convenient anymore.
I could spend all day on it, and I HAVE
Y muy buenos contenidos curados por la misma comunidad! Un éxito. 
I used to love redditing on my phone, and I’d still do. But sadly I can’t anymore because of how intolerable the loading speed has become. It’a been that way since the latest update.   I’ll give it 5 stars when the issue regarding loading speed has been addressed 
Web works. Everything else on my phone network works, like posting this rating. But the app is broken.
The copycat apps are honestly better than this. Always has a problem. Always.
This app is amazing. But it’s very stupid and annoying that there is a time limit on frequency on comments you can give.
App too cool
They cluttered it up with too many suggestions and such.  The new interface to view your account is annoying.  It was better before they changed it, and now I have to relearn how to use it.  I hate hate hate it.  I don’t know why they keep changing stuff like that without adding features I actually want, like gif rewinding.  It’s like they don’t even care
Idk if this is a glitch, bug or some deliberate coding, but I've noticed on many occasions that The_Donald would randomly open while using the app.
Little by little we've seen Alien Blue examined, dissected, and now euthanized with the latest release. As reddit corporate tries to unnecessarily rediscover itself in some kind of Anti-Digg fashion, us guinea pigs have had to endure minor pokes and prods that have all been tolerable, until now. I'll keep the problems short and the venting minimal from here on out.  1. Load time. 35 second load time from initial opening!! Unacceptable!! 2. Reorganization of menu buttons. They are no longer all on the bottom, instead have been separated between bottom and top left. I don't need to cite any studies on how wrong this type of layout is. 3. Private Messaging front and center. Its not what reddit is used for, get rid of it.  4. Profiles. Enough said. 
It’s very slow. 3rd party apps are the way to go for reddit. You would think that Reddit itself would make the best for their own website. Not the case here. UI itself isn’t too bad though.
Boom. Roasted
Please fix sharing via Facebook messenger
Love it all*
The new UI they added, made it so you can’t view posts/comments you upvoted which is quite annoying. But aside from that, this site is full of hatful people threatening your life if you support the president. The admins and CEO are fine with this, the rules do not apply if they are being broken against conservatives. On top of that, conservative groups on here have all sorts of special rules that only apply to them due to the hate most of the user base has towards thoughts other than their left leaning own. In conclusion, if you are a hatful leftist that doesn’t like to hear other points of view and enjoys giving out death threats to people who don’t align with you politically, THIS IS THE APP FOR YOU! Have fun 
After every update they nag you about enabling notifications. Please stop this.
Latest iOS 11, iPhone 7plus no friends section still. Please fix.
:)
Great app, hasn't crashed on me at all!
I enjoy in reddit every day!
Just fine
Other than a few minor UI issues, I have no complaints.
Spend enough time on the platform and you'll understand why. The breadth of content is astounding. 5 stars hands down.
A little upset right now.   I rarely post to reddit, and of course one of the few times I have a lengthy post, about 30seconds away from submitting, the app crashed and I lost the whole post.   Very close to going back to 3rd party apps Reddit....... please get it together. 
Solid app and easy to use! I'm addicted to Reddit and this is a great app for it. :)  Why did the app change the picture sharing capabilities though? I'd like to be able to send maps to my brother without him having to open a link. One flaw of the newest update as far as I can see. Still a great app though! 
Really good app
Does not show any NSFW subreddits.
Good for killing time
Download image not working or missing since update iphone 7 plus
Comments won't load
With this new update, I can no longer watch videos or gifs though YouTube or Streamable without opening through Safari. I've had mobile Reddit for 6 years and this is by far the worst update to user accessibility.
Only had it one hour now and realizing I should have been apart of this community a long long time ago!
Loving the app but why was the ability to view your upvotes removed? Other than that it still one of my most used and favorite apps.
With this update you lose the ability to see all the posts you have upvoted
On the newest update your profile is now a sidebar feature after you tap the ting Snoo icon in the top left corner and honestly that is incredibly inconvenient.   Before, it was one of the four main buttons on the bottom bar and that was perfect. I could easily tap and check my comments/posts but now the way it’s been moved just doesn’t work for me.   I find myself using this app less now. I just don’t like this new interface. 
Love this app but the x is too small when trying to close subreddits. Could you make it bigger?
I rarely comment on things. it wouldn’t let me comment on a thread and reply to someone else’s comment back to back. It prompted to try again in eight minutes, like I’m going to sit there and wait lol. For real?
Ever since the update for this app (version 4.0.2), pages jump all over the place and I can’t control it. I’ll just be reading and BOOM! the page has scrolled down multiple comments. I’ll even hold the screen with my finger to try and prevent scrolling but to no avail. I also cannot jump to the linked article from the front page like I used to. Instead I just get a link to some related picture. It’s a departure from the convenience I’m used to, especially when studies show redditors don’t read the articles they comment on.   Before this update, this app was amazing. Plz fix 
Reddit is the definition of what the internet SHOULD be. End of discussion.
It’s a nice app but still room to improve
Facebook be damned! I'm going full Reddit
My only gripe with the update is the quick switch option for accounts has changed. I use to be able to press and hold the reddit icon on the bottom right to switch from one account to another. This was a great time saver. Hopefully this could be implemented back into the app.  Where’s my upvotes? 
I love the idea of Reddit, to crowd source the best info. The web interface is a step or two above a command prompt but their phone app makes it much more user friendly. The app is stable, I don’t experience crashes, unlike the native Apple news app. I love it.
The app is cool and everything but dosent let you post comments without having to wait a bit in between posting comments
Some weird lag issues from when I tap to when the thread opens. Didn’t used to happen
Very useful for staying connected on-the-go with game communities
Good app
Rey entertaining. Fun for the whole family!
The removal of this feature makes no sense! I used it time and time again to find my favorite posts from throughout the day. Why would you remove this?
Reddit is not a social networking site, nor should it be. It’s pretty clear chat isn’t really appreciated, it’s also not something that should be forced. I managing comments and posts is a lock more clunky and the space that once functioned perfectly to allow that has been replaced with the chat feature that I had no intention on using. Hell, even the direct messages were bordering on unnecessary.
Love Reddit!
It's a'ight.
I can’t see my upvoted anymore. Putting all of my posts and comments in the UPPER LEFT HAND CORNER behind links behind an icon has made this an ergonomic blunder. Not to exaggerate to much but I’ve lost the functionality I loved to use daily and I’m having trouble getting it back.
I've been using Reddit's native app for about a year. Just updated (on iPhone 5) and scrolling is not pretty bad and glitchy: it jumps around at seemingly random moments. Really annoying actually and probably won't use as much until fixed.
See above
Apple iPhone 6s  Greetings,  I do not like the introduction of this feature. It is new, and I am not used to it, but if it at all slows down my phone by caching the next and previous posts, that’s a negative. I think this feature is unnecessary, and I prefer to swipe right to go back a page.  If there is a way to disable this feature, which I have not found, I would love to know.  Thank you. 
Reddit is flippin dope af
I liked the older version. The new version is a bit glitchy and I loved how you could switch accounts easily by holding the "profile" button at the bottom in the previous version.
dab
At most I can use this app for 10 seconds before it crashes. Hoping for a fix in the next update.
Perfect app, I've had this one for years& never a problem. Thanks!
amazing app srs i love it
Whatever you're into, reddit has people that are in it with you. I sometimes find myself laughing out loud at the comments.m!
quality content! borkborkbork.
Love it
Browsing reddit using this app, even for 10mins takes double digit percentage points off my battery.
Disliked it at first due to being unfamiliar with the layout and actions. Gave it two days and never going back. Just so you self a favor hate or not during he two days and make a choice at the end.
My wife left me, and so did my dog. The dog lawyered up and got the house. When the sun breaks through the tears in my cardboard box house every morning, I can shoo the rats away with a grin: knowing that someone compiled internet nonsense in a way that momentarily distracts me from my failed dreams and disappointment of my father. Would I recommend Reddit to a friend? If he wasn't so busy f***ing my ( ex) wife... You betcha! Thanks, Reddit!
Bring back upvoted section.
This app was fine less than a week ago, what used to be a simple tap and swipe back to see content and go back to the front page is now a process that takes at least five inputs.  I must click on the content which takes me to the comment page with a cropped preview of the content, then I must tap the content again, then to close it I have to swipe it away and watch a stupid animation that takes 10x longer than it should, finally allowing me to swipe back to the home page.  Why would anyone want this.  Completely counter to both the iPhone version and the normal webpage.
thats pretty goud
Did you guys remove the “ my upvotes” tab?  I liked going back and showing friends and family some of the videos and pics I upvoted.  Can’t find it.  I will rate it a 5 again once this is figured out.
👨‍💻👌👈
Since the hell when does Reddit mobile have ads. Literally unusable
Overall, an extremely good app that I recommend wholeheartedly. Would be nice if it supported landscape view!
Everything takes longer to load. Before everything would load instantly. Now I'm left wondering if I even tapped anything to load.
Nobody asked for this crap, stop trying to be Facebook.
December update is terrible!
Yes!
I’ve used this app for 5 years and still love it. The only thing I don’t like right now is that I can’t go back an see all my liked posts anymore. If you could add that back in I’d give this 5 stars.
Come on guys, /r/hailcorporate already busts your balls over ads on reddit, now you’re including them in the app? Are you serious?
Everything on just a phone
Great app
I love it!!! It's an amazing app where you can either meet people, find awesome pictures, or just goof off lol though I did bump my rating to 4 stars because it sometimes won’t load up or will just crash all of a sudden. Please fix this so I can continue to enjoy Reddit.
It's good.
Love reddit, but why did you take away the video / YouTube full screen functionality in the new update?? Extremely frustrating.
The app works fine for a movie reddit interface, but after the new update I can no longer see what I've upvoted. It's extremely frustrating as to why they would take this feature away, I upvote things so I can check back later to share with friends, and now I can no longer do that. There's no reason to remove that functionality and I hope enough people complain so it can be brought back. Otherwise I will find another reddit app.
It's works pretty well
Since the new update any gif causes my music to pause even if I'm simply scrolling past it. Please fix, the update is great otherwise but this problem makes the app unusable for me. Edit: You guys rock :) 
its not a story the jedi would tell you
This version experiences terrible loading issues over WiFi. Once again, this is not a problem encountered using Alien Blue or the standard mobile browser. In the last version, the app would at least load the first page or two of posts but would fail to load comments. This time around, entire subreddits fail to load.
Download another app or stick to the browser. As if reddit wasn't already on the decline with all of the political brigading and vote manipulation, they've added "sponsored apps" that appear when scrolling that look like regular posts. It is insulting to the user to cram this down our throats when we have alternative apps that respect our time.  Also stop asking me to enable notifications every time the app updates 
This past update has just made the app worse. Took away to make a post no matter where you're at on a page. Now you HAVE to scroll all the way to the top. So annoying. Also took away being able to see the comment karma for replies, which I thought was a great addition in the last update. Please change these things back!!!  Edit: and now in another update they've added ads to your feed. Every 10 or so posts you'll now see an ad. Incredibly, incredibly frustrating  Edit 2: another new update has made the UI absolutely terrible since there trying to promote their b/s char feature. They somehow keep managing to make the app worse and worse. 
Using this app is my first real experience with Reddit. My boyfriend loves Reddit, and was always telling me I should get an account and check it out. I finally did, and he was right to be so enthusiastic. This app makes it super easy to see what's important to you, post and upvote. Great app experience, no issues or complaints.
Since the latest update in mid December, the app has been much slower to load. But it has a chat feature that I’ll never use, so that’s nice.  Edit: Also, why do GIFs turn off my audio from another app? I appreciate videos doing this, but GIFs have no audio. Please fix, this is a silly bug. 
When you are listening to your music on an iPhone, and you are scrolling through your feed and a gif pops up, the music stops as if a video is going to play.  I don’t know if this anything you guys can fix but that’s my only issue. Anyways thank you!! You are all amazing. 
Dumb idiots moved the option to see liked items on iPad to a terrible inconvenient location but I can chat now tho. So uh... thanks. Idiots.
What happened to the quick switch feature?  Everything else is ok. Seems to load gifs slower since recent major overhaul. 
Quit prompting to turn on notification. Quit prompting for a review. And fix/add the ability to remove recent subreddits.
Still dig it, but I can't watch the GIFs.  Please fix?
That's all
Currently the bug is the auto play of gifs mutes your music playing. Pretty cool. Let’s stop changing things and fix what’s broken first please
When you view comments from the theater mode you lose your place in the posts so you have to swipe back to the last image you saw
Reddit was my favorite app till the changed everything. I under stand that they add it new features but they didn’t need to redo everything. It was very user friendly before now it is unusable.
The app use to work fine but the recent update has caused in my end to be a big laggy, I have to press at least 3 times to have a page open or play a video. The scrolling on it is as well buggy, I hope it gets fixed.
There is no way to access content that I've previously up voted.
Well designed app.  Performs really well and is much better than a typical web app.  I’d give it 5 stars if the app would stop nagging me about notifications .
New update has made the app unusable while listening to music or podcasts. Every time you scroll past a SILENT gif it automatically pauses whatever you were listening to on another app. This is unacceptable and has made an otherwise fine app incredibly frustrating.
The last update removed the upvoted button to see posts you upvoted and it was extremely useful. Please re add!
Cool for scrolling through and being entertained.
So the new gif player on the new update will stop any music or podcast that you are listening too. If the is fixed it would go back to 5 stars
Keep getting a "Sorry, can't reach Reddit" message on both WiFi and 4G. Mobile site works but is infested with ads to install app which doesn't work.
I like it a lot. (Jim Carrey voice in Dumb & Dumber)
Go thru the Reddit website if you want to change any of the settings, permissions, or preferences.
1. I play and listen to music when I brose Reddit and I don't want my music to stop playing because a video is automatically playing 2. Posts I've hidden used to be so easy to find now it's not why 
The new update is no longer allowing me to see what I have upvoted, and it crashes on me all of the time. This is my favorite app, and I am constantly on it, so I would like to know what is going on.
I love Reddit, and have had an account for several years- but the latest major update had some huge changes to in-app functionality, and some of them just don’t make sense. The biggest problem I’ve had is that gifs now stop any other sound on my phone- meaning I basically can’t open Reddit while listening to music, as I have auto play on. There’s also some frustrating changes in terms of where things are- and Reddit Chat? For real?
Really love it
Whenever I go past a gif while my music plays my music turns off. Please fix this.
I love Reddit, but the new apps design is not something I’m enjoying so far. Switching between profiles/accounts is much less simple now, and also I’m not sure how to look at my upvotes... really not sure why they would remove this option, but like I said it seems that they’ve changed a lot of things that didn’t need to be changed. Can’t stand when something is perfectly fine and they mess with it, but leave untouched something else that actually needed an update
I love the app, but my ‘friends’ posts still isn’t showing up, and gifs are now stopping my music whenever I scroll by them (I have to reopen the music app and hit play). Not a huge problem, but I’m almost never scrolling through reddit without music playing.
Latest update finally made the app usable to me.  UI before was ugly as hell.
The most inclusive, intelligent and knowledgeable people who love our country.  It is my only source of news.  Wish Reddit was honest about  our millions of subscribers.
Every iteration of this app has been worse and worse. Miss the alien blue days.
The Reddit media player will often freeze the video while the audio keeps playing with no way of getting the video started again aside from quitting the app altogether. This has been happening for ~10 days now and hasn’t been fixed in the recent update. Please fix this
Easier than the website
I like using Reddit but since the update I can’t see my old up voted. Please bring back and then I’ll rate higher. 12/21/17
I updated the app, but I still don't see the friends list under All. I also don't seem able to add new friends. Fix your app, please!
Newest update makes my music pause when watching a gif. Why?? I understand videos but gif’s don’t make noise.
It was a stable, fast and handy app. Now you ruined it with the chat feature and profile pictures trying to turn it into a social network, it is significantly slower and less stable now.
Great app, good for a laugh or two daily.
Not a fan of the new app. Too much emphasis on the social side. I don't need or want Reddit messenger. Also I don't like how the title pops up when I tap a photo. It's intrusive and unnecessary.
The app seems a lot more sluggish since the last update.
After the new patch the music in the background will be muted as u stare at an image and gif
So it’s a good app and all but I really would like to know, why can’t we save posts privately so only the profile’s user can see them so that they can edit them then make them public later?
The app is unusable until you fix the issue where Gifs pause whatever media you have playing. I practically can’t browse reddit while listening to music, since whenever a gif shows up in my feed it pauses spotify. PLEASE ADDRESS THIS, this is infuriating.
So I left a salty review yesterday when I realized I couldn't listen to music and gifs. I can do that and listen to YouTube videos. You've done good pig, you've done good *wipes tear from eye*  "The mobile app just today stopped allowing me to listen to music and browse dank memes at the same time. I'm very upset."  Edit 1 (1/7/17) : you done f****d it up!  Edit 2 (12/21/17): hey Reddit, get your shot together there is no reason why I can’t watch a gif and not listen to music. Fix this garbage please 
I've used this app since it came out and used Reddit long before then, even. I used to always share cute animal photos to several different people on Facebook Messenger with the "Share" function, but this feature has only sent the title of the post since a few updates ago so that all the person receives is the line of text, not the actual post! I am frustrated that this disfunctionality has lasted so long when it worked fine before that! Otherwise, an amazing way to browse Reddit, all else very well done.
Awesome app love it!
Constantly times out when loading comments. All non Reddit content loads quickly. Anything reddit related consistently takes forever to load. App crashes when clicking YouTube link. Garbage app. kys devs
Allow one to connect or observe with so many groups without so many ads.
The short version: now my place in the timeline resets EVERY time I leave the app - even to open a web link. So basically I'm scrolling past the same 20 stories over and over again and never see posts deeper in my timeline now. I'm going to try a 3rd party app instead.
Interface could use a little work but it functions great!
Why does my music keep stopping when I browse the app. Didn’t do it before this lame update. Stop updating it with useless fray tired of it downgrades the product
Love it
Would have rated higher, but the new version doesn’t give you an option to see all of your previous comments. This update isn’t user friendly.
Not too clunky, sparse ads. Can't complain.
Swiping right used to always take you back a step but if you’re looking at media in now takes you to a prior post’s media.  It’s inconsistent, jarring and I’ve been swiping right to go back for so long that I doubt I’m ever going to get used to this.   Thank you for fixing app speed in 4.0.1 and thank you for continuing to provide meaningful version history! 
Opening up the app causes the audio from my podcast to turn off
unnecessary update
I know they’re trying to make it more user friendly with the ability to swipe through the feed, but most of the time I like to skip through. So instead of being able to just swipe back to my front page I have to tap the screen to be able to hit the “x” at the furthest corner of my phone. For a girl with small hands this has become very irritating, having to put down my coffee every five seconds to use both hands to navigate the app.
Edit: most gifs are now broken and won’t play from within the app. Down to 1 Star.  I still don’t want notifications so stop asking. 
Great app and content.
If I didn’t tap the story/headline/picture/link, I didn’t actually read it and it shouldn’t show up in my history. It’s annoying af especially when I am going back to try to find a thing I actually tapped and looked at.
This app is amazing, it’s great to access Reddit on my phone; however, the latest update has broken a few things, like music pausing whenever you scroll across a GIF, which is really irritating.
They took away r/friends! I don’t know if it’s just the app or the whole site, but that has been one of my favorite features of Reddit since I started using it...
Please. Change it back.   A user's own comments, posts, and upvoted are an integral part of the reddit experience. These lists should not be hidden. 
i don lik it
I miss the old layout. I don’t know why the chat button is so heavily featured now.
As of this current update I can no longer easily share an image or save one without reloading the subreddit I’m on. Go back to the old share method for images and I’ll change my review.
The new version makes it harder to switch accounts.
Title
Gifs stop background music
Since the latest update the app crashes almost any time I go to share something.  It’s incredibly frustrating when you have scrolled for the past hour and now you have to start at the top again.
Good way to pass time. Lots of interesting various posts to read. You never really know what you will see.
In the title
App Crashes when you try to change themes, I’m now stuck in night mode.   Also, instead of asking if I want to receive notifications and only giving me the “ask me later” option, how about you quit asking every time I open the app and give me the “no” option? 
I have loved this app for a long while. It’s easy to use and love the look. Then it was updated. Now the Friends feed is GONE. Can’t find it anywhere. The most recent update says it restored it. Still can’t find it. Won’t be using it u til this is restored. Not happy at all.
What is with these app developers removing useful features? I rarely ever save posts. I just upvote them so I could easily go back and view them later. Now there's no way to do this. And what's with the history tab? It basically just shows me everything that was on my homepage. It should show things I've clicked on. Who gives the green light on these changes? Worst part is it most likely won't be fixed because no one cares what their isers actually want. They just expect us to get used to it.
This app has too many critics and trolls. Last summer I got some criticism over a harmless post. I took it down immediately because it got pretty bad. Yeah, maybe I can't stand criticism, but I don't think anyone can. I get that we all have different views and opinions, but that doesn't mean that someone should come trolling along and throw garbage or be critical over a harmless post. It happens, even if you did nothing wrong. Never Again!
The new theatre mode is not easy to use. No longer swipe to go back from posts. Do they even test this stuff before releasing?
Unusable, hard to maneuver.
One of the most useful features of previous version of this app was the ability to switch accounts with just a hold of a button. Now it’s gone. Please, add back that function, either by holding icon in the upper left corner, or better by holding reddit alien button in the bottom left, but please put it back. 
This app is garbage. All third party clients are better than this pos
I love the app as it makes using Redit really nice on my iPhone. But it seems to load slow. Even on my super fast home WiFi. What’s the deal?!
This app is filled with SoftwareGore, ShittyDesign, and AssholeDesign. Don’t know why they are so intent in keeping this and taking away from Apollo.
Seriously, that's not what this website is for and I will literally never use it unless every other option is removed. Not to mention most normal users probably work with their settings button way more than they do chat.   Review will be updated pending a better update. 
Cats, video games, trolls, news, bad puns- you name it and you can find friends here to share it with.
Okay so I liked Gext because he's a gecko and he makes allusions to popular celebrities. The gameplay is pretty good too.
I enjoy this app.  I just need two things:  1 Ability to search for Reddit usernames 2 Keep my Home posts sorted by New and my Popular posts sorted by Hot.  I have to reset this a lot! 
Im on ios 10.2, the newest update causes the app to crash immediately upon opening. Making it useless
When I’m not on this mobile app, Reddit constantly bothers me to tell me to use this stupid app. I’m fine with just looking at the browser thank you. It’s so annoying that reddit is forcing me to adapt to their ways! Stop bothering browser users!
Very annoying. Text is also bigger. The interface reminds me of FB with a slight edge of Pinterest.  Mostly just hate the force closing. 
There's my review.
Really, 6 clicks to get to my comments???
I really enjoy the community Reddit has created. Sometimes the comments from some users can sound full of themselves, but for the most part if you have an actual question or query, the people of Reddit will give you all they have.   Some really cool people on there.   Really cool😎 
Great!!!!
With so much garbage content, how is the subreddit filter not a default feature?? And stop asking me about enabling notifications every single time! It’s not going to happen!
I love this Reddit app because they have a moose sticker!!! Also it’s easy to navigate.
That little spinny guy made me refresh just to see him.
This update is just worse.
I turned my notifications off for a reason. I don’t need you reminding me every day to turn them back on.  Switching to the Apollo app for reddit.  SO much better. 
Couldn’t hate the new update more!!! Absolutely terrible. Constant updates with zero customizations. The only good thing about it is that it will make me spend less (read-almost zero) time on Reddit now.
I like it when a dev updates and innovates on the existing platform, but not when they take away. This newest version took away, or at least greatly hid, features I used to rely upon daily, such as the friends tab to see what posts have been made by people I consider friends. Please bring this portion of the app back, or at least make it easier to find.
Reddit may save the world. Or at least prolong it
This app was fine before the update. The fact that they made the back-swipe motion do anything but back-swipe is so annoying I’m downloading a different app.
This is a good app, easily 4 stars if it would just stop nagging me to enable notifications. I don’t want or need notifications from Reddit. Give me an option to tell it never to ask me again.
The app feels faster now, load times are better... But they keep removing features. Where the hello do I go to see the feed of my “friends”?
No upvoted post viewing anymore
New update took away the ability to look back at posts I upvoted.  I actually use this feature a lot (to you know, look back at those adorable eyebleach gifs) and taking it away just dulls my overall experience.. meh
Love Reddit, love the ease of the app!
Seriously the app continues to get better and is probably easier to use than the website
Does what it needs to do. It's a win.
Now just scrolls through the pictures on the front page. User must now tap on the X to return to /all instead of swiping.
So many people just leech off of comments to get karma and the world news and US politics subreddits are so liberal you can't even go in there. Users should only be able to upvote a total of 100 comments per day to limit this behavior. Just my 2 cents
Finally fixed, this app is amazing!
As of December 19th, 2017 there was an update for this app and have made changes to give it a more minimal look. Unfortunately, that means I cannot access my upvoted posts in this app this requiring me to go to the iOS Google Chrome app and enabling “Request Desktop Site” which then I have to pinch and zoom to access my upvoted posts. I pray that I am doing something incorrectly instead of reddit removing this feature on this app.
As of the current update on iPhone 7 plus I believe a snail crawling through mud would get you to where you wanna go quicker.
I like the app. But stop asking me to turn on notifications
Let me get rid of the chat tab and reassign it to something useful. Lots of real estate for something I'll never use.
There’s no doubt the interface needed to be updated but the account tab didn’t need to be moved to the side. It was fine down below and I prefer it down there
I love the layout and setup, easy like and dislike feature to give opinions without typing out an essay.
I love the app, but they wouldn't let me enjoy it and kept asking me to review it. I didn't want to and they made me, so here is the review they get.
This app is a pile of crap. Every time they update it you have to delete the app because it freezes and d/l it again. Not worth the time.
Reddit updates too much with mundane updates that changes useful things for no reason. We used to be able to look at our comment list and see what karma we earned during day now it’s a terrible format with less info. Why would u do that Reddit! Takes the fun out of getting karma if you can’t easily compare from list like I could yesterday. 🤨
The app is great, but with the latest version I can’t look through my upvoted posts anymore. Only my saved posts. Please add this feature back to the app!
When browsing a sub the inactive pane on the left side can scroll to the top if you accidentally touch near the top left of the screen. This makes you lose your place when browsing. Huge inconvenience and they've known about it for months.
The app itself isn’t terrible. Works pretty well, nice way to enjoy reddit.   However, the absolutely ridiculousness of the way they ask for reviews and how many times they do it is terrible. You people should be ashamed of yourselves for pestering your end users like this.   No, it’s not a glitch or mistake, this is 100% on purpose. “Please rate us. Please rate us. Please rate us. Please rate us.”  Ok. I did. You’re welcome.  Oh, and the best part? It’s still going to bug me to rate them because there is no way for them to know if I actually wrote a review because they aren’t using the BUILT IN APPLE API FOR RATINGS like they’re supposed too. 
The app is still great and the best iOS way to browse reddit, after alien blue was killed off. However with the 4.0.0 update I question the UI update. I dont think people post enough to justify having a button smack dab in the bottom center all the time.   Other than that its a 9/10 
Wanted to know about stock options and other forums the people in the community are helpful
Yes
You now need more clicks to navigate and you can no longer view your posts and comments, only replies to your posts and comments. Don't update your app until they've fixed this.
The new update changes many things that most redditors are accustomed to, such as button layouts and the like - horribly and sad... BIGLY.
If I want notifications enabled I will enable them. Stop reminding me every day!
Love dis app
Would you?  If not that’s ok, but would you like to turn on notifications now? No, I understand, but what about now, would you like to turn on notifications?  Maybe later.  2 stars docked for knowing they could honor my decision but not doing it anyway. 
Stop asking for notifications.
Can’t see anything you’ve posted before in the new app. Only messages and comments on your posts. 5k upvotes? Being downvoted into oblivion? No way of knowing. Hey man, you got any of them fake internet points?
I love reddit and I wanted to support the official app. I’ve been using this app for around 16 months and I’m finally switching to a different reddit app. The updates have done little to improve the app and has added only a few features since I started using the app. The ads are getting larger and becoming more frequent. And this last update is just..... awful. If you’re shopping around for a reddit app, look else where.
Good app, always worked well for me. Unfortunately, the latest update is causing major lag on my 5S.
Zero stars. I don’t want them. Don’t ask me every three days. No means no, not someday, not maybe later.
I do not want your notifications. Stop asking.
Latest update takes one step forward but at the same time takes more steps back. New layout is boring and feels more it was created by someone who has never worked on UI before. Before you could keep tabs on what you “up/down voted” but now it’s gone. You have to hit more tabs/buttons to get anywhere. They added a”trophy” section, who asked for that? No one who ever visits this site ever goes and tries to look up this information. A real shame they just don’t care any more about this app. Poorly updated, stick to the web version.
Can't seem to access my "Friends" tab anymore, I used that a lot. Please put it back haha. Don't see why it was removed
I cannot overstate how much I HATE this new update. Making my profile harder to access in favor of adding a new chat tab that I absolutely never want to use is like, the worst thing you could have done with this update. Also, why are the subreddit icons now planets?? That makes no sense. I'll change my rating if the app improves again, but seriously, this was a terrible and needlessly confusing move. Just go back to how it was if this is the best you can do.
Also, stop integrating browsers into your apps.
I won’t use chat Stop asking to enable notifications Friends list gone 
Thoroughly enjoy the application on both iPad and iPhone! They finally updated to support iPad and I’m very happy! I love night mode; it’s so easy on my eyes.
Reddit is great but the app consistently asks to enable notifications every update, only reason for low rating.
Please add an easily accessible block feature. I don’t want to see future posts from toxic people.
Just like any other form of media this is distorted towards liberals in most ways. They have moderators who are mostly liberal and ban anyone they don’t see as agreeing with them.  Facism is alive and well.
This app constantly asks me to turn on notifications. I don't want notifications. I don't want a reminder about notifications. Stop asking me.
This apps consistently shows a pop asking to enable notifications each time I log on. Switched to Apollo
This latest update has ruined the Reddit app for me. I feel like I'm using Facebook, I hate Facebook. The UI just first feel right, stop trying to copy the format of other social media companies.
I don’t want to scroll between posts. Some posts are not appropriate where I may be viewing Reddit, so to have those posts load up when I accidentally swipe down and left instead of directly down is stupid, and turns me away from using the app.
Glad to see the updates coming! I am so glad they finally added a couple features I was looking for (like the scrolling on the iPad) looking forward to more great updates!
Overall a good app but the new update took a step back on the clean design.
Most recent update made so many unnecessary changes it really just ruins the app, it actually got worse. Do not use the app it is absolutely worse, youre better off using your browser to view reddit.
The new update seems to make the app crash about ever five minutes. Hope to see this issue resolved soon :)
Doesn't clear when messages seen/acknowledged until an entire close/reopen cycle.
Finally added usernames to post, thanks. The app seems much slower now for some reason. The hold down to switch accounts was taken off and was very useful. Also, not a fan of drawers, seems like an extra step to get to where you want to go, prefer the old way.
Don’t have the pictures slide into each other I want one post at a time ! I can’t do the cool flick away move anymore and I’m going to accidentally see something I don’t like ! Who cares about chat yer dinguses.
The app crashes occasionally after the latest update. Once I relaunch it everything is as normal
Great app and it has dark mode
Features have been straight up taken away to streamline and it's not as good as it was before.
Reddit. Five stars.
It just hurts that I can’t mess around with a photo when I view it... it feels too much like Twitter now, and I don’t like the Twitter UI.
The latest update removed the ability to see friends and thus view their posts. Will find another app as that was a big feature.
I really prefer the interface from the previous version. And not being able to view upvoted posts? It wasn’t broken so you shouldn’t have fixed it!
This is the worst update so far. Reddit keeps updating their app and “adding” features, but it is taking away usability. The most recent one is a huge deviation from standard practices- they added the ability to “swipe through” your front page, meaning that if you click an image and swipe, it will go to the next post in your front page automatically.  Sounds good? Well, swiping from the side is the  universal way to back in most reasonable apps. So your instinct is to swipe back, which loads another image and frustrates you, meanwhile they changed it to be swiping up from the bottom is how you move back???  How does that make sense? I swipe UP to move BACK, and a swipe BACK, to move DOWN my list of links. It is not intuitive and is incredibly frustrating.  And, to complicate things further, their text only posts or comments, still require you to swipe back?!  This is in addition to them taking away to easily load the direct link in safari, them making it so certain images don’t collapse at the top of threads (ones hosted on their own service) and make it difficult to read comments, and a whole host of other “improvements” that are improvements to nobody.  I honestly just wish this app didn’t change every 36 hours. It seems like every time I open it up there are more buttons, colors, gestures, or font changes to deal with, and none of them make it a better experience. 
It’s constantly freezing and becoming unresponsive.
Now if you try to swipe back from the middle of the phone instead of the edge it takes you to the previous post instead of the previous screen. Who even wants this feature? As a user of a plus phone, this basically breaks the app for me. Goodbye official Reddit app.
But this new update is so amazing I just wanted to say...Thank you.
No longer able to view friends and their content and comments !?
Apollo
App works well! Love Reddit
Alien blue has come a long way, but it is still behind many of the non-official android apps that offer features such as searching a specific sub for a keyword or viewing the sidebar.  As of December 19, it has slowed down significantly; clicking on a thread’s comments takes more time than before to load. 
Y’all ruined the app with the new update. Uninstall. I’ll use mobile on safari since y’all wanna ruin a good interface
I love this app, handles like a dream, but why did they have to go and change the format? Don’t fix what’s not broken
The December 18th update was the best update yet. The UI is clean and everything loads a lot better.
This might just be specific to how I use reddit, but it’s more cumbersome to see if my posts were upvoted or not with this latest update. What was previously 2 taps away is now 3, with a load time in there now too. Seems petty, but an extra step is an extra step.  Aside from this, it’s still *fine* Still missing a lot from desktop, like 1:1 reflecting custom flair and CSS. 
Version 4.0 of the app is dope. Keep up the great work! :)
Can’t find my friends list, or a list of my posts. It doesn’t feel intuitive, and to me it feels like things I used are hidden away from which I don’t like.
Ever since the new update I can't find my friends list. Where is it?
It can connect you to many different communities of whatever you're interested in.
Why would you get rid of swiping to go back to the front page?! That’s so annoying.
The desktop site allows you to sort by rising submissions. This feature must be added to the app. Cannot rate higher until then
I love the fact that I can get updates on any virtually any crypto coin from the awesome communities on Reddit!  Love this app!
Stop asking me to enable push notifications after I already declined them! Every time the app updates it asks you again!
If this app stopped nagging me to turn on notifications. How about if I want notifications (and I DO NOT), I’ll turn them on and you stop nagging at me every bloody time I open the app? I get notifications for the things I want. I don’t need some other crap pinging at me about stuff I have no interest in.  Otherwise, it’s pretty good. 
I have 2 reddit accounts. One I can login using this app. The other I can login on a web browser, on the Apollo Reddit app but can't on this app. It's frustrating. It's been like this for more than 2 years. The app kept freezing after reddit acquired Alien Blue, so I deleted and reinstalled it. I've never been able to log back into the app. I had to create a new login to use it. So I downloaded Apollo, which works for both my accounts and is much better than this app. I thought with this major update they would have fixed it. Well they didn't.
That’s pretty much the only thing I don’t like about the new update. There should be an upvoted tab below the saved tab on the user screen.  Also can’t directly find my user page from within the search page. Sometimes I would browse, from the search page, a specific sub and go back to my front page seamlessly, as well as my comments, more easily than I can now. 
Refresh button is annoying. It covers part of the screen and I hit it on accident occasionally and it pisses me off so I close the app. We're not stupid, we know that we can refresh the page. Take it out.
Recent update made the app incredibly annoying. Always loved this app but after the last update it’s just hyper annoying to use.
Newest update is sluggish and annoying...
Just to let people know I love Reddit and it’s content, so this review is about the app design itself.  Please move back the profile overview, comments, submissions back to the bottom right. I preferred having everything at the bottom now I think it’s more spread out and in different interfaces that are more lengthy to navigate to. Having used the Reddit mobile app for 17 months I will likely instinctively click on the bottom right continuously because it’s always been there, so please move it back. 
When I just "need" a "moment"!
I like this update
So far almost everything is close to perfect, the only thing that I would like to see if the ability to create subreddits on the app. Even if it's harder to manage, it would be very beneficial. I know it's probably a very common opinion, but it would be nice to see nonetheless.
I finally get to change my review. Split screen support on the iPad is a great addition, as well as being able to scroll on the sides. I know the custom navigation elements you had before were probably a lot of work, but I think this has a better experience.
My ads for reddit only show up on the website but not on the app. Majority of my customers are mobile users so it would help if my ads showed up on the mobile app and not just the website. As a typical user of reddit, I really love this app and I’m grateful for its existence 🙏
I would love to see the app icon a flattened version of the color it is now instead of the slight gradient it currently has. Otherwise I love all the new enhancements, thanks!
No password protection No way to set up groups of subreddits 
This app sucked my soul out from my body and ruined me forever. I had a life before this app. I enjoyed my life. Then I downloaded this godforsaken app... my life has never been the same. I spend hours a day arguing with idiots and clicking links, with a 50% chance of the result being good, and 50% chance of the result being bad. Want to see videos of murder? Get this app. Want to have a life? Do NOT get this app. This app well take over your entire life and steal everything from you. This app is an endless spiral of absolute hell. But I love it. Great app! 11/10.
Yeah, it works.
It appears to be broken. I can’t vote at all without getting an error. I’ve signed out and in and it still pukes weird errors.
Good job :)
Who doesn't love reddit? And the app works great!
Love everything about it, works just like I'd expect and now has it's own messenger!
Not only did they try to make their regular mobile website trash to force people into using the app, the app itself stores data like nothing else. Opening the app once makes it balloon from 29MB to 187MB, and even more each time you use it. Disgusting. Just use Apollo.
Smooth & simple way to read & participate at Reddit
I like it a lot.
Don’t hound folks with pop ups to download the app. I would rather use the mobile site.
Earns it name of face of the internet
Sure...
This app can do anything. No problems or crashes so far and that all I ask for.
Please move the favorite “stars” to the other side of the sub list. Keep clicking the “star” by accident and it unfavorites it and then I have to do it all over again -_-
Finally Reddit have got back what it needs to be the Fron Page of Internet!
My fave app on my phone, something for everyone.
Do it. No regrets.
👌👌👍👍
Stop harassing me to review the app. If I wanted to, I would do it without you annoying me. But since you asked a thousand times, here's your review!
Information hub/ Daily entertainment
The new update works great.
It's a very easy app to use and I've found all sorts of people to have discussions with about my personal interests. It's lovely and I only wish I'd found it sooner.
I like looking at other people's bakes
The UI is great! The app has a lot of easy shortcuts and is generally easier than browsing reddit on your phone’s safari. The night time setting is a great touch but there’s one slight problem; for some reason many gifs just don’t load. They act as if they are pictures. I haven’t found a work around so it is a little frustrating. I’m down to give 5 stars if they fix it.
I love it. I just wish I could use a search function within a particular article.
This is the OFFICIAL Reddit app, if it can't stack up to Baconreader (unofficial app for Android), then the dev team is just so obviously slacking.  The prime selling point for this app a couple months back was free Reddit Gold. Not "a fast way to browse" or "an easier to navigate", just "You don't have to pay for this thing if you get our app." This app has probably been lackluster since day one and I'm glad I haven't used it since then.  Edits:  My sub list doesn't even have all the subreddits I'm subscribed to  GIFs are 10x worst than they're supposed to be unless you open them up on the browser.  The app can't even load Reddit while going on a browser will load it almost instantly, so much for "50% Faster!"  App refuses to try to load anything unless you restart it after you change from Wi-Fi to LTE. 
Interrupt my browsing every single day, nagging for a review.. here you go :)
Neat
Good
I've lurked for a long time because I wasn't sure there was the social platform for me but finally caved when I needed outside advice. Wasnt disappointed. And now I have something to do when I get hit with bouts of insomnia because there is so much interesting stuff on here!
It's pretty aight
Succ
Ok
I love Reddit and I appreciate that the mobile app gives me such easy access to it, but I wish it wasn’t constantly freezing up while I’m trying to scroll through  Edit 12/15/17: this seems so have been fixed and I have updated my rating :) 
Keep getting the monkey with crossed out eyes disconnect bug every time I launch.
Helpful if you need advice on just about anything, but the second you disagree with someone on politics you’re quick to see death threats and keyboard warrior rage.  Helped me build a PC, also showed me how people living out of their mother’s basement act when they think they’re tough over an app 
Very frustrating app.  Every time it opens a dialog box it forgets it's rotation setting and spins like a top.  Poor programming.
I love being able to Reddit everywhere I go.
Nice transition.
About 60% of my interactions with this app are “sorry, can’t reach Reddit.”
The app kept asking me to review it, so here's a review, your welcome
I really enjoy reading this for a good laugh. Sometimes I even learn a thing or two!
Great source for threads
Great app and easy to use, but sometimes some of the subreddits you’re looking for don’t show up in the search, but if you go to your browser and look it up on the browser version, it will be there, tho if you subscribe to it in the browser version it does still show up in your subs which is good 🙂
Works well, user friendly, entertaining.
ROFL stop asking me to rate you
.
Yeah
Pretty good little app.
Really remarkable interface. Very convenient.
I'm lovin' it.
This is cool
If it wasn't for the sheer amount of libtards on the site.
I don't know why am leaving this review you know reddit is great!
Everything I need and then some. Download it now!
Cool
There's no way to block subreddits on mobile and I'm so F***ing tired of seeing the same stupid S*** on my feed. I remember like a week or two ago there was literally nothing but net neutrality posts. Yes, I get it! It's important but I'm tired of seeing stuff like this. Every time I go passed r/politicalhumor or another trump hate sub I just curse at Reddit in my head. Yes! I f***ing get it, you hate trump. But I don't want to see this S*** every f***ing day. I honestly don't care! Let me block subs I find annoying so I can look at pictures of cat in peace! I don't wanna look at F***ing politics all f***ing day!
Fun
I use Reddit for Pokémon Go exclusively and have found it to be THE source for the latest, most accurate information. Absolutely love it!
Used to use alien blue but it got outdated and now this app is the best. Has hiccups but they're manageable! Love it.
What the title says
Updated review: After using this app for months now, hoping things would change, we find it is still poorly run and poorly moderated. Unable to create actual profiles and build relationships, unable to moderate inappropriate comments or block users, karma ratings are useless, etc.   After only using this app for a few weeks we have already found that it is poorly run and even more poorly moderated. Use something else! 
Love keeping up with obscure topics and the conversations
Clean interface and snappy enough for an enjoyable experience
Every update something is worse with the app. Also, why is "in case you missed it" a thing? That's some Facebook crap, if I wanted Facebook crap I'd be looking at Facebook.
Constantly crashes, imgur posts usually broken, night mode requires location services to be on instead of simply using the phone's clock (or letting us switch freely from anywhere like AlienBlue), doesn't allow you to return to a post you were viewing by swiping left, still missing most AlienBlue features (an app that I paid for multiple times, only to have Reddit kill it shorty after). The only reason I use it is because it's the only app they "actively" support. Would never recommend.
Fuego
Love it love it love it
Why can't every comments section be set up like this one? It seems so simple, and yet I don't find anything much like it elsewhere.
LOVE!! I don't know what i'd do without this app. I use it everyday and it's so easy to use!!! It will forever be my favorite app. I can read about anything and everything on here and stumble across the most interesting things.
It’s been a couple of weeks now, but ever since either that last two iOS updates or last app update, the touch responsiveness has been all sorts of messed up. It only occurs in the Reddit app.
Worky good
used to be a bastion of free speech, now a bunch of self-congratulating lefties with an inferiority complex
I’m loving the app! I know things are new on iOS 11 but I’d love to see it work with smart invert.
and the slangs and idioms.
I want to sort my posts by new. But whenever I select that it doesn’t do that. It shows posts from like 4 hours ago or something.
Needs to be able to gild, and buy gold. Also needs to be able to see banners.  Overall not a huge deal.  4/5 good app 
The subreddits I subscribe to show up in whatever order I want (hot or new..those are the ones I usually use).   Then I can go to Popular and see what is going on in the world and subscribe to other communities that interest me.  :-) 
If you criticize anything they don't like, your comment is removed immediately. In Bitcoin sub Reddit, nobody can say anything bad about segwit or even question who is behind financing the project. Wonder if my review will be posted, it's been sitting here for over a month & not posted!
Essential
I had given you four stars, but then the app had a pop up to review you that I couldn't exit. I don't care for that.
Who needs Facebook and twitter where you know the other users?  With reddit, anonymity is key and immature people get down voted.  It's the future
Sweet potatoes
One p just cause
There you go done asking me to rate ur app?!?!
Links shared through FB messenger through the reddit app won’t work. Only sends the title of the post being shared instead of an actual link.
Scrolling trough feed listening to a podcast is a test of patience.  Audio from podcast stops at ad load time despite being visibly muted by default.  Must switch context to resume what you were listening to. Happens with Bluetooth headphones, and really harms user experience.
10/10 would Reddit again
The app is very easy to use and reliable.
I like it... I like it allot..
The ever growing far left bias of the forum is getting to the point of being too much, especially for someone as politically neutral as I am... Never mind a day, but rather five to ten posts on the main page can not go by without one of them demonizing politics, capitalism, democracy as a whole, the right-wing, or just being a plain liberal piece.  I understand being able to ignore that stuff, but a popular site such as this sure does a good job of alienation. The mods do not do a good job in this regard... I am here to laugh and love, not to get plastered with Huffpost or buzzfeed-level idiocy. 
Pretty easy to use and customizable so u can circlejerk on reddit with ease
I can’t sort by new and refresh in my home feed, keep getting the “can’t reach reddit” error. But every other feed can sort by all options.
Good but can be improved
All I wanted!
there's no place they won't put ads.
Everything I need in one place it wonderful
What's to say? Reddit is an amazing community where you can share your thoughts and opinions or even ask for help with a dilemma!
Love that this app had this feature.
App takes forever to generate my personal feed now, as of last week.   About to look into other options. 
Reddit is for those that never want to stop learning.
Love it
I love Reddit and the app has usually been great. But recently the home page for me hasn’t been loading fast or at all sometimes. The popular page loads just fine but my Home Page only seems to load after I have browsed through popular for a while. Even when it does work it doesn’t work well.
NYESSSSS
Relative newcomer to Reddit.  First started using web version, tried app a year ago and thought browser version was better (can't remember why).  Tried it again 3 months ago and now like the app a lot more than the web.  Not sure if the app changed or I just "got" it more, but very happy.  So many paid apps are not nearly as good as this free one,...
The app works great just like the desktop version but it tells me I can’t make two separate comments on two separate post within 5 Minuets of each other.
Prepare to spend hours upon hours here. There is something here for everyone. Or many things here. You will be lost in the sands of time. Start with "random."
love it
Figured eh why not. Don't take this one serious. I'm not really gonna talk about  the app. What I'd rather bring up is how the earth is flat. Because of science and stuff.
Good stuff here.
Unless unbeknownst to me it seems there is no algorithm that paints you into a corner based on content that it wants to feed you. Keep on keep'n on
Greatness
I love the app, the only problem is not to long ago an update claimed to allow you to edit your profile, but I’ve never seen a profile tab in settings. Please help.
It’s a small problem I just can’t see any new post every time I switch to new posts it says can’t reach Reddit and it’s very weird that this recently started
h e l p m e
Love it! 10/10
Ok but takes up way too much memory and I regularly have to delete it and reinstall
What even are these new ads in between every comment. Goodbye lol not using this anymore
Giving me a choice between turning on notifications or looking at an annoying intro screen, asking me to turn them on, every time I login is annoying and a terrible user experience. Go away.  Even in the app setting. No. 
Otters, aww, animals
'It's a good'n
Always can find something on here to entertain or cheer me up. Keep up the good work.
I love it soooo much
It's ok
Reddit is a great app to discuss and share certain topics with a never ending supply of communities. It is a great place to hold intellectual discussions with likeminded people, or people with completely contrary views.  Be aware however; on some subreddits you may be banned by trigger happy moderators or admins for not justifiable reasons. Often this will happen merely because of personal opinions being disagreed with rather than rule violations. 
Good
Easier to use than I expected
Helps connect to communities I enjoy.
I can’t sort by new anymore. The update didn’t fix it. Get your act together Reddit, it’s s real shame what you’ve done.
Every time I click a link from safari and it opens up in the reddit app I’m met with a screen asking if I’d like to enable notifications. I would not. And after I give my response, it takes me to the Reddit home page, and not the page I was attempting to be directed to. Super annoying.  Bottom line, I hate notifications for anything other than phone calls and text messages. Stop asking EVERY TIME I OPEN THE APP. I chose no. Leave it at that. 
Endless nags to enable notifications, can’t disable nags, ads, can’t mark items “read” this requiring you to constantly sift thru old previously read articles, always reviews sort order to “hot” can’t save sort order. A very manipulative app. Even though I like browsing reddit the app is a very shallow attempt and controlling what and how you see things. Poorly done.
Pretty much the title.  Makes it look like there’s GPS running in the background. 
Started happening about a week ago
Initially a few bugs but it's coming right along. Love this app. If you can't get to a PC there is finally an acceptable mobile option for enjoying Reddit.
😍
Reddit is the dark underworld of unadulterated truth. I wish the real world was like this.
Works well
Comments open underneath the photos, imgur albums are actually pleasant to navigate (with comments inline! Thank you!). Haven\'t been able to test stability, but I know I haven\'t experienced any crashing - compared to the app I switched from which would consistently crash on loading gifs/webms.  Had a couple issues with cross-posted links not opening when you tap them as well as no multireddit editing support. You can browse them but not edit (or at least I have not found a way to).   Overall very high quality. 
They have a community for just about anything.
When I first encountered Reddit mind boggles didn't understand it. For whatever reason it was until my second visit when things clicked. In all honesty though it seems like it is my fault since it's simply a list of interesting items that you tap for further information. The only thing that surprises me is that Reddit only allows customization in one direction.  Ideally, I'd like to be able to access Reddit's general feed and simply bar the contributions from subreddits that do not interest me.  You could still get a broad spectrum of information without having your time wasted. Instead, if you sign into Reddit, you can create your own group of subreddits that interest you.  That is handy but much more narrow
It is really annoying to keep hounding me about notifications. Do. not. want.
I like it better than the website
Almost prefer the mobile site, the app has issues fetching the latest content and I find myself having to close and reopen it multiple times a day.
After the last 2 updates, I can’t change the post sort. The app had all my selected subs, but only lets me view under the “Hot” sort option. Whenever I try to change to “New” or “Top” the app says “Unable to reach reddit.” If I go to an individual subreddit, I can sort to new or top or whatever. It’s just on my front page I can’t sort.
Recalling the heyday of internet past.
:)
I love u Reddit
Mirror for the Republic!
Makes reddit portable and easily assessable; although is not the same experience as it would be on a laptop or computer. The mobile aspect of reddit in my opinion gives the user a full experience.
I only recently got into Reddit, and I can tell you that it is home to some of the greatest, kindest people on the internet.  The layout on the app is pretty decent, and it's a lot better looking than the web browser version. Great app.
What a great variety of stuff.
Reddit is great, but after the last update I can’t look at the new posts on my home page, it says “sorry, can’t reach Reddit.“ I also can’t post anything. It tells me “this subreddit is not in the video beta” whether I’m trying to post a video or picture, and I’ve tried posting to multiple subreddits. Also, sometimes my upvotes fail the first few tries. 
I joined Reddit as I want to come across the news first and with this app I will make sure that happens and it has .. Great app ..
The site is amazing but the app will constantly fail to load the comment section constantly. Happens way too often which makes going on this app really frustrating.
Quality app that keeps getting better.
Layout is sensible, easy to navigate, and fun to use. I only use it for a single subreddit, so that makes my life easy.
Better than the regular website!
App is great - Reddit you've done a great job. KEEP DOING WHAT YOU'RE DOING
I love it! I haven’t experienced any issues. Fast and responsive so I can’t conplain
Swag
It's good, what else is there to say
This app continues to ask you to rate it and turn on notifications.  The options are yes and not now.  Then it asks again a few days later.  You wanted a review. Here it is.  Stop asking me to post a review. 
Much easier to use than the desktop site. Great work.
Home page does not load.
Coming from a robot OS, I assumed the stock app wouldn’t be any good (ex-Reddit is Fun user). I tried Apollo and Narwhal but ended up liking the stock app better. Everything looks much cleaner and easier to read and I don’t have to learn a bunch of new gestures (ex: I like the stock up/down vote buttons). Comments are more delineated and easier to read. Custom headers on subreddits look nice. Dark mode looks good. Animations are well done. I never have trouble finding things in the UI and it was an easy transition.   If they could just optimize it for the X it would be great (Raise the bottom buttons in comment threads and the “Add a comment” box so they don’t interfere with the home bar please!) 
I really enjoyed this app, but the newest update has a bug where scrolling within a specific subreddit causes and annoying malfunction with the header
Everything you could look for in images, gifs and videos to keep you entertained for hours!
The app crashes (it didn't used to) and also the description for the page I'm looking at takes up half the page. Yuck.
5/7, a perfect score
Has all the simple features I need. Couldn't ask for more.
It does make mindlessly scrolling through posts easier with the infinite scroll feature, but I miss the ability to refresh a page when my internet decides to be stupid, great app.
When swiping to collapse a comment and it's children, the background color of the cell should change when you swipe far enough to to cause the app to collapse top level comment for the thread.
In a world of click bait, talentless tween YouTube millionaires, and Facebook/twitters mindless trash talking trolls, the bright light that is Reddit shines through the mist to restore all of my hope in what social media should be.
Super dank
Great way to keep up on all your interests
Reddit on my phone. EZ PZ
I like it
Just rating because it's cool
Reddit is the best
It's everything you really need or want, but there isn't really anything extra.
Do not update to newest version, ads on every post directly under picture/text of post. Uninstalling ASAP.
I can't hear anything it is saying, it's just way too dark.  Instead, do yourself a favor and earn a million dollars.
My favorite part is how trying to watch an embedded YouTube video is a complete nightmare
Really great, love interacting with others on meaningful topics
Hooray for Reddit! Reddit is my go to after a long day at work. Thank you for putting a smile on my face every day. I no longer make crappy designs and have found a rower community. Keep up the good work!
Works good most of the time. Been having a fair amount of issues lately with things not loading. Clicking on links within a comment is annoyingly tedious sometimes. The ads are getting annoying too. I would gladly pay a few dollars for an ad free version.
Nice
This app is great. I want it to focus on what is always has focused on which is to be a mass internet forum for all.
I’ve been using this app for a while and never had any issues. Since the last update, any subreddit you go to, the app pins the subreddit at the top of your screen. It takes up 25% of the screen what the heck?? I know why subreddit I’m on I don’t need a pinned bar at the top that scrolls with me constantly reminding me what sub I’m in. Off to try another app....
Come on
split view came out two years ago, but your app still doesn’t properly support it and cuts off the edges of text. unusable. zero reason to use this app on an ipad otherwise.
There's things that need fixing though, like for example sometimes it just stops refeshing and you can't look down any further, which is really annoying
So far i like using reddit on the app rather than on my laptop because it’s easier to navigate.
I like this app, it works, better than Twitter
Yup... looove
Updates are nice, UI is more similar to Facebook and Twitter. Still loses connection to Reddit servers, requiring connection through internet browser. 
Reddit video covers the title and first comment in the comments view. Edit: now the sub's banner just jumps around when you scroll up, it doesn't retract off of the screen. 
Much better than the mobile site.
I turned them off for a reason- they’re obnoxious and unnecessary and hold no value for me. Now the app asks me, pretty much every time I launch it, to re-enable them. It’s so annoying that I’m about ready to just delete and stop using the app.  That is literally the only problem I have with it, but it bothers me SO MUCH, that it’s turning me off from wanting to use the app at all. Please consider fixing that and not continually asking users to enable notifications. 
😉
The best thing to read I just sit back and real life stories about people it's like a diary full of  junkies including me
Reddit is coolio
Haven't had any issues with this app. It's easy to use.
I got reddit to read topics on a game I play but ended up getting sucked into so many subs. Best time wasting app! Amazing for keeping occupied during downtime and travels. Great news upkeep too.  Update: it'd be great if the app would stop making me rate it in order to scroll when I've ALREADY RATED IT. Also stop spamming me with pressure to turn on notifications. /r/mildlyinfuriating & /r/crappydesign. 
All-round a very good app that does the website justice. Like a previous review said, they should include some type of marker so you're not scrolling through a bunch of posts you've already seen. Otherwise it's all good.
I understand having ads, but then being right under posts in their own thread is super annoying.
I can't say enough about this app! This is without a doubt more accessible and more user friendly as far as functionality goes than just the regular website itself. I wish I would have downloaded this sooner. I can promise you that it's Reddit more enjoyable than it already is (if that's even possible)
This is a good app, and I'm hoping that if I review it, it will never remind or ask me to do it ever again. 5 stars. - December 8th. It asked me to rate it again, so here we are. I'm going to drop it by one star every time it asks me again. 4 stars 
Use it everyday.
This was supposed to replace alien blue but you can't even get landscape view to work. (Currently only available on iPad). On top of that there is no ability to "go back" if you swipe right accidentally. There's really a lot of issues that are downgrades from alien blue plus borderline Harassment notifications from the app asking & encouraging you to enable notifications. It's really inefficient and I'm constantly deleting it in lieu of other apps.
Love it!
ITS GOT DANK MEMES!!!
Tired of trolls ruining the comment section? C'mon in, the waters great.
What that said^
Not big soup rice
Simple.
They placed ads in every thread and there's a major bug when you scroll down a subreddit. Very bummed
There are too many ads now - don't upgrade if possible.
Perfect
Stop asking me to rate
👉😎👉  Zoop! 
I love Reddit but PLEASE get rid of the “Share” button on every single post because I always accidentally hit it and it slows down my phone big time. Also, the comment section sometimes continuously scrolls up even when I’m not touching it.
It's anything you want it to be. A guide on how to take care of a turtle or fun facts on video games, it can be whatever you want.
Hey
So into it!
Quick, customizable, and easy to navigate. Can't ask for too much more.
Time consuming, way too entertaining! Depression curing Also uplifting which I don't like.))) Great app to turn your brain off for a minute or 60)).
I hate it when apps interrupt me to beg for reviews, and then try to be sneaky by only bringing you to the App Store if you say you love the app.  I’m rating this 1 star for this obnoxious behavior. 
For past 3 days every time I try to use reddit, it says sorry can’t reach reddit. Every other app and internet works fine. Installed update but that didn’t help. I’m using an iPad and am connected to WiFi.  EDIT: works now 
I love it!
Must have been a server issue, the app is working again
Just keeps getting better
I love Reddit. I was forced to get this app when Alien Blue was selfishly stripped from like CPS taking a mother's child. It's not as good as AB but it suffices. There's your review, now will you stop bothering me to write one every few minutes?
It's good
App full on doesn’t work anymore after latest update. Won’t connect, and if you try to switch between your accounts, the app basically bricks itself. Downloading it from scratch is even worse cuz it’ll just open into the can’t connect screen with no options. Great update, guys. Super GG.
Always fails to load. Not a good app.
On the newest update I can't access Reddit, it just says that it can't reach Reddit when the website is clearly not down.
one of my favorite apps!
This last update broke the app, it won’t load any longer. I tried to delete and reinstall and it won’t even load the login page.
Web version works but app will not connect
If you like Reddit, don’t use this app. Half the time it loads nothing more than a blank page saying “can’t reach Reddit” while I can go in Safari and use Reddit there.  If you like using your web browser for Reddit and just want another crappy app on your phone, choose something cooler than this. According to pretty much everybody, all the non-official Reddit apps are far better.  I’m writing this review because, while the app was failing to open and load Reddit, it asked me to please rate and review. And this is not nearly the first time it’s asked me to do that while the app won’t even work. 
Love the app itself. However, it crashes way too often. I keep getting an error message about not being able to connect even though I’m connected and am able to scroll through and view content. Downloaded update and now I can’t even open the app at all. The only thing i see is a white screen with the logo and “X” eyes. Uninstalled.
Had a bit of trouble getting the updated app to open, but works well now. Looks really good.
I've wasted years on this app. I'm now a decrepit old man with dank memes.  Edited: December 2017 This app is garbage. Never connects. Fails to load. Pretty much a useless waste of space on your phone. 
They're ugly and blatant.
It won't refresh the page or even load even though my wifi is working well.
All the time
Near constant issues with this app. When it works, it’s a B- effort. But it far too often doesn’t. D+.
I love the app but the update that just happened today will not allow it to load. It keeps saying “sorry can’t reach reddit” please help
Happens literally every day now. Reinstall doesn’t fix.
When facebook works better than your app, you should know there is a major problem. Iphone 7 user on LTE network @ 40Mb/s and it still won't connect? Pathetic.
Uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing works. App is broken.
I can launch it without incident but nothing is loading in the app.
Updated the app and can’t connect to it at all. Nothing loads.
Don't update, there's ads
So for a few days now I haven’t been able to load any comments and certain subreddits. It also won’t let me search for nsfw subreddits even though I’ve had the same account for 5 years and have had no problem doing it before (already went into settings and checked the preference). I tried to contact support but I have yet to hear back and that has been going on for a few months now. This use to be my preferred app but that has changed with no updates fixing any problems. I also get kicked from the app about once every five times I use it. 👎🏻
I hate the new banner at the top of the subreddits in the app it really needs to go. It jitters and jumps while you scroll through the thread which is very distracting. It takes up too much space entirely and I’m on a large iPhone. Seeing this big blue jumping banner at the top of every subreddit may cause me to get rid of the app all together. Feels like I’m going to have a seizure if I’m not careful. Really a bad change. Please correct it soon.
Can never reach Reddit while all my other apps work fine. Horribly done
It's Reddit. Not much to explain. 
Every Reddit app has some issues, but after the recent update the glaring ones are no longer around. This app also has better features than most other clients. Since it is the official Reddit app. RIP alien blue
Love connecting with others with common interests while still technically remaining strangers.
Only social media app I use. Love it.
It's great. I used to use other social media sites and applications, but Reddit does it right  It allows you to enter into whatever world you'd like and discuss it with people who are just as interested and much of the time willing to help if you ask for it 
Works well
Would Reddit again.
DICKS OUT FOR HARAMBE
Ez pz
Watchpeopledieinside
I enjoy reading posts on this app daily.
Better than twitter, ig, sc, etc.
The Ads when click on any post are an absolute headache
I will rate this app 2 Star every time it asks me.
It's great! It's reddit, but in an app! Much like the title states.
10/5 Baybeeeee
This is literally my only way of gettin on social media and not seeing political crap. But I also wish there was a way to sort like memes and stuff in ur feed.
I get that people have to make a dime. A few months ago, started seeing ads inserted in the listings on the main page. This morning, started seeing ads under *every* link when you click on it, but before the first comment. Very distracting and annoying. I will start looking for a different program.
:)
I enjoy Reddit because of the users on it and what they post. The app itself is just ok. The search function is almost unusable so I would give it three stars if not for the fact that I’m constantly pestered to write a review and give feedback.
Like the title says, it's alright. Can't think of anything too negative about it, but I could probably find something if I thought long enough. It's the thing I use for when I want to use Reddit, and I can't access my laptop. Simple as that.
Works much as one expects. One minor issue: most opened content dismisses with a standard swipe right. For some reason, photos have to swipe down. Otherwise, no real problems.
It's a very good app.
Reddit is the reason why I use my iPhone as much as I do. The interface works very well on the app. Updates only further improve the experience.
If you like Reddit or are new, you'll like this app. It's hard not to
Good app ruined my marriage though
It's cool
Great app, great forum, great articles and sub forums for everyone. Had to rate the app because of how much time I spend off here, how many laughs I get out of it and how many things I learn.
How you let this new update with obvious bugs release to customers? Why you want the sub title stay at the top all the time?
Unlike social media apps of today, reddit is a low key but informative app. I love the format, layout and the way people interact.
New: This passive aggressive auto sort to Hot Posts instead of new where I left it is getting really old.   Running up my data for no reason. Thanks a lot. 
Perfect for when I want my afternoon to disappear
Reddit: the official app is simple and useless; lacking in features and poorly representing the desktop version of the site.
The best!
This app is the ducking bomb digity
Reddit is cool, and the app is cool too so download it
Strongly dislike this new “feature” let us turn it off.  It’s very jarring when I’m trying to read a thread 
I love this app, but some of the things in the "suggested subs for you" box are a bit random. Just a small nitpick though, I still use it daily!
Please fix the bug please! Won’t let any home feeds
A collection of thing you need to see as well as everything you don't need to see and especially the things you don't want to see.
This app is less useful than going to the actual reddit site in a mobile browser. You have less viewing o