App is great!  Use it to easily make notification, alarm, and ringtones for your phone or to cut out pieces of mixes.  The older version could load up +1hr long mp3s but the current version seems to deny all but the first 5 seconds of very long files.  Still good.   Full Review
This used to be a good app when first released years ago, however it does not work now. My go to ringtone maker recently stopped being updated and I was happy to find ring droid out again. But disappointed that it is not working and based on recent reviews it seems there is no support. Back to the hunt for a ringtone maker. 😞   Full Review
No ADS! Love this app. I have used it off and on over the last several years since Android first launched the G1. Easy to use. And I get to use my favorite heavy metal guitar solos ans breakdowns as my ringtone. I'll recommend to anyone   Full Review
I'm new to cell phone use! I got sound bytes from wavsource and then used Ring droid to turn them into either ringtones or notification tones.  There's a video on you tube by unlockr  that walks you through it, but this app is just really easy to use.   Full Review
This App is handy for recording, music organizing, creating ringtones, and notifications. This app is very intuitive. I just have two suggestions that would make this app near perfect, & that's Bluetooth or any kind of Audio transferring, and utilization of cloud drives. I have multiple devices, and having the ability to obtain my audio files on all of my devices would be very useful.. Great App though.. btw I don't give 5 stars eve, due to no app in the history of apps is perfect.. oh 1 more thing, it'd be nice if it was easy to locate this apps file location.   Full Review
This is one of the dumbest apps I've ever downloaded. Most of the sounds are already included in my phone, so why would I need an app? And some of the ones you select have no recording on them at all. Obviously, somebody recording these on their own cell, and threw them on an app. Totally bogus. Way better ringtone apps out there.   Full Review
It's not often I use this app, but let me say I've had it on my phone for years and it is awesome just how it can work. Love it when I need to customize ringtones, will never let it go😉   Full Review
Worked properly. I tried several before this one. They were all strangely identical and none worked properly, because they only seemed to want to use the first few seconds of the MP3 (the part I needed to cut off, in fact). This app allows editing properly.   Full Review
There is a VERY big big that I think you should know about. On my Droid Maxx 4.4.4 latest firmware, the app caused my mic to not work in certain apps i.e. Snapchat, Skype, and Voxer. I googled it up and the answer that came up was uninstall ur ringtone app. I was skeptical but I did it. And to my surprise it worked. Now whenever I want a new ringtone I just have to install and uninstall again. It's a hassle but I like my custom ringtones and alarms.   Full Review
A wonderful app to edit sound and music clips to a reasonable length. The app even lets you specifically put your new clip in the phones native "ringtone" or "notification tone" list.  Works flawlessly on my Galaxy S7 Edge! I've been using this app to make my own ringtones since my Galaxy s3.  Only draw back is that I haven't seen an update for this app in some years now, and do wonder if there's support for it anymore.   Full Review
I never comment on apps but this one deserves it. I've been trying to edit a song to make a ringtone for a few days now and every other useless app won't load the song properly, only the first 3 seconds which was useless. Read online this was a good app so decided to try and it worked first try! This is perfect thanks to whoever made this I love it!   Full Review
Sound distorted Used to love this app.  Stopped working a few months back.  Sounds distorted, slow timing,  I Uninstalled and then reinstalled numerous times and it still won't work.  Do not download this app,  waste of time.   Full Review
The app is great.. But recently it doesn't work properly.. d app crashes when I try to save a ringtone n set it default..please fix this problem.. Each time I am done editing d app crashes   Full Review
Sorry to say the latest update broke this app. I hope you get it back to its usual 5 star condition soon.   Full Review
One issue with the app is that after listening to multiple notifications/alarms etc. the next one I try to listen to fails to load and only shows about the first 6 seconds of the file, but can be fixed by closing and re-opening the app but it does get annoying from time to time. Great app otherwise. Please fix for 5 stars.   Full Review
10 years and still I use and recommend this app to everyone. I even cut out pauses in my music tracks.. i do it all. 10 years! Since the G1 :O   Full Review
Works perfectly! I wanted the option to have no sound (silent) for a particular contact in Signal (which I *love* & highly recommend).  The app allows you to customize notifications per contact/thread - cool! However, it does not provide the option of 'silent' under the notification sounds. It does provide that option under notification sounds for the overall default notification sound for the app, just not for a particular contact. I used Ringdroid to save a silent part of one ringtone to a new file and voila!, it worked!   Full Review
There's no reason to own a phone that does not have this app. Must have.  I've had it on every phone I've owned for about 10 years now.  Still one of my favorite OG apps.   Full Review
I was able to record a notification sound from an earlier phone, clip the actual sound I needed so it had no excess dead space before and after and save i as a "Notification" sound, rename it to "Bean" and was asked if I wanted it as default notification, which I did.  I wish it had a way to define where you want the files saved so that you can store them in folders in the SD card that don't take up precious memory from the internal phone, and then be able to find it again.  If that were the case I would give it a 5 stars, but because it stores it in a buried area in the Internal part of the phone, I can only give it 4 stars.  Would be nice if there were an option to share the saved sound via email, or bluetooth as well.   Full Review
Ringdroid performance Well to say as much as possible without chatting it up, I've been downloading music from my phone since I was 12 years old, and texting was just becoming a normal thing. With that said I'm now 28 years of age and this was the first ringtone making app I ever downloaded, and I haven't changed since! Over 15 years of me using this particular app, and I've yet to run into a problem! This is by far the best application hands down! I would Highly recommend it, you get to use all of your own material!❤💙💚💛💜👌✊   Full Review
I think this app is brilliant because it's so easy to use and it allows you to change the boring built in ringtones to something louder and more personal to the user. The reason I needed this app is because I recently bought a Moto E 3rd generation and couldn't find a way to personalise the ringtones or notifications which really annoyed me seeing as I paid 100 notes for it but this app sorted that out in no time. Thanks to the developers!!!   Full Review
There are no settings at all.  It would be great if there was a setting to choose where to download saved ring tones, notifications, etc. (such as to the SD card).  Saving a ringtone as a notification and putting in the message tones list is seamless and super easy   Full Review
Have been using this awesome app for more than 3 yrs for extracting a ringtone from mp3 music i have. People love my ringtones now. All thanks to ringdroid.. Please provide a feature to club 2 different parts of same file or 2 different parts of 2 different files that will be really helpful in making much better ringtones.   Full Review
The best app in its category! Higly recommend it! Helped me so many times that I can't count them all! 5 ☆★☆★☆   Full Review
After discovering that most ringtone apps are just excuses to show ads this was a breath of fresh air. Just download it and save yourself a ton of frustration   Full Review
I've used this app since I had my MyTouch back in high school. Best custom ringtone app. Sometimes gets tricky when you want to cut to exact seconds/parts of a song (chubby fingers), but overall excellent app!   Full Review
Love it. Just download a song and it goes right into it. Except my ringtone are cut waaay 2 short. They only play 4 a couple seconds and lots of times I won't hear my notifications.   Full Review
Since the Beginning Of the Android Smartphone Era, This App from Day 1 has been, 6 STAR Worthy. Never had any issues with it. Always The First to Download App when I Obtain a New Phone. Keep up the Great Work.   Full Review
This app is a perfect example of the kind of quality that made America great.  I am glad someone has not forgotten what pride and integrity mean.   Full Review
Works as advance. Does however save items in the wrong folder for KitKat notifications. I had to move the files. Also, for some reason, it strips spaces from the names you provide.   Full Review
I always download this app when I need to edit ringtones, because A) it has been around, almost unchanged, since the early days of Android and B) it does exactly what I need it to do, perfectly.   Full Review
Awesome Timeless application, seriously focused on being a very user friendly functional application and it's wonderful that the dev is still supporting it after all this time   Full Review
Been using this app since my first android phone (HTC Hero) has worked like a charm since on every device. Only issue is it doesn't seem to work on my new LG V20. Files only come thru as static. Other than that, still one of my fav apps   Full Review
Its the best reader actually i before i found this i hv downloaded many ringtone cutter bt i want to make ring of  the song let me love u nd rochsbye bt no other apps were able to read it bt this app is awesome it reads all the songs nd rintone too so that now i m able to make ringtone best app keep it up.....   Full Review
All these years later, it still works as advertised! That's amazing and I really appreciate that! Thank you for keeping this app relevant and useful!   Full Review
Perfect, only this app didn't give me any error messages when creating ringtones from different music fike formats and i tried quite a few. Great job!   Full Review
Love that i can make my own ring tones with it. But would love it if you could edit the volume up and down on it, and put two different saved audios together to make one. also a loop button would help for smaller sounds. then 5+***** best app. Out there still, by far...   Full Review
Been using the app for years, off and on. Great way to create custom ringtones, as well as putting together those two songs you usually hear played together, but can't on a random setting device because they are considered different tracks.   Full Review
Cant save or share anything! Just a big waste of space for one ringtone! Pretty worthless!   Full Review
I used to love this app and still want to but when I went to create a ringtone it wouldn't let me edit anything that wasn't already downloaded to my device as a 'ringtone file' such as mp3s etc. If that remains the case this app is useless. Why would I seek an app to edit what is already a ringtone? I wish it worked as it had before, where I could use a song I have and create a ringtone from it.   Full Review
