Seems to be somewhat unresponsive on my Pixel 2 XL. The top right menu from within a game opens so slowly / choppy. But more concerning is that I have to repeatedly tap on letters for the game to respond. Something definitely going on with how this game works on the new phone.
I haved used this app for years on various tablets and versions of Android OS. It has always worked well for me. I can't see the clues in night mode because the red letters are too blurry for my old eyes. But I don't really need night mode. Still I would love it if there is an option to increase the font size of the clues. Oh, I don't know why I have never been able to get any puzzle from the Washington Post. The NYT, LAT, Newsday, and Universal puzzles keep me plenty busy. I shouldn't really play more (chuckle!).
I still have an issue that I can't download the NYT puzzle, I think because I login to the Times through my Google account, which gives me an error inside of the app. Using the user/pass directly, it seems to login, but a puzzle never downloads for me. Still like the app though. Update the above was user error. Now I know that the basic NYT digital subscription doesn't include the puzzle.
What a disappointment! I used to have this on another device and loved out. I don't know why they ruined it! Navigation is terrible. I have tried many crosswords apps and have not liked many. I was so happy when I found this and then was totally disappointed.
So many bugs. The edges of the app don't work with the Samsung Galaxy S8 so you can't type "p" or "q" or navigate to any box on the far right or left edge
Really good crossword app. My only problem is the only weekly puzzle I get is the Wall Street Journal. I used to get the Washington Post Puzzler and the Chronicle of Higher Education but no more. Did something change?
I love this app! I've been using it for years. Just got a new phone. Samsung galaxy s9. I can't use it anymore. I have to have the enter key on my keyboard. The only keyboard in the game with one is the native keyboard. It does not work. The enter and space respond. Letters do not. Very frustrating. I'll have to uninstall.
It's irritating that typos that I correct as I go are counted as "hint boxes." It ruined my enjoyment of doing a crossword puzzle to the point where I uninstalled the app. I do crossword puzzles for fun, but it isn't fun to have stats like "number of hints" (most of which are typos I immediately corrected but still got dinged for) and "overall time" (this isn't a race) staring me in the face when I finish a puzzle. It just feels like I'm being graded (and graded harshly at that).  ADDED 12/9/17: I saw the reply to me, and frankly, turning off the pink boxes isn't what I want--it's the ability to turn off the pop-up statistics message.
Generally it's good. However I'd like there to be an option for entering a word as whole, before you 'enter' it officially. There are many times where I get dinged from having a perfect puzzle because I knew the correct answer, but typed a wrong letter. Usually this is because of the smaller keyboard; my finger hit the letter next to the one I intended to use. Of course, using this whole-word option would mean all boxes may be wrong if you're wrong, and that's fine.  In addition, sometimes it enters a letter twice, like a keyboard glitch or something. This doesn't happen often, but enough that this reason also prohibits me from having a perfect puzzle. On a rare occasion the second unintended may be correct, but generally it isn't.  Also, once a correct letter is entered, it'd be nice if it couldn't be erased or backspaced over for those times when I have no idea what the word is and have to 'brute force' letters to get the correct answer.
This app is extremely buggy and frustrating. The puzzles are good, however they are not fitted to the screen. You have to tap several times when you want to hop onto the next clue and it doesn't automatically do that for you or skip over letters you already have solved, so most of your time is spent tapping on your screen in frustration. Not sure why I'm being so generous in giving it 2 stars.
Love this app. Have had it for years! The downside is that the words are marked for errors even for a slip up during typing. With these finicky touch keys, you easily getting a "wrong" letter even though it's not your fault! Pleeeeeeeease fix this issue by allotting a time gap between finishing typing and confirming that the word is finalized.....else its really annoying getting dinged for key errors!
If you enjoy crosswords this the best app, period. In my day there was an advertising phase "no one better" that meant you needn't look any further for a product. SHORTYZ, meets the criteria for "none better". You just need it.
Love the app! (Seriously, where can I donate?) But please fix the animated "downloading" icon in the menu bar, it keeps animating even after all downloading is done and only stops when I drag down the menu and swipe it away. A tiny inconvenience for such a great app, though!
Good app, easy to use. Needs a little polish. It would be nice to have new puzzles default to 'Hide Errors', I ruined many a puzzle by starting off with 'Show Errors' turned on by mistake. Also, clue navigation should jump to the next line once one line is done.
This is a good crossword app but I am also having issues getting touch to register on my Pixel 2 XL. It's nearly unusable. It's probably related to the reported problems with side of the screen touch detection on this phone, but in this app it's a problem all over the screen, not just at the sides.
I love this app a lot.  A variety of sources and difficulty levels.  However, I miss the Chronicle of Higher Ed's Friday puzzles, they've disappeared since the new year.  Also, bring back the LA Times Sunday Calendar crossword.
I really like the game, but one issue is that's the automatic fit to screen does not properly scale puzzles on Samsung S8. I always need to go into settings and click fit to screen after opening, or the bottom of puzzle is slightly cut off. I think this is because S8 uses different aspect ratio than most devices? Otherwise, great.
I am also having issues on the Samsung 8+ as well.  Any space, buttons (inc setting) near the edge are almost unresponsive.  Hopefully fixed in the future as I love this game!
Having a ton of trouble on pixel 2xl getting touch to register. Will have to use another app til this is fixed.
Game no longer works. When you type nothing comes up in the squares. Too  bad. Used to be my favourite and now I have to uninstall. :(
Cannot stand the sound ads at the end of a game. You can't play in quiet place like office or library. And, you can't stop it easily
Doesn't fit to screen, unresponsive. Tired of tapping a dozen times every time I want a different clue
Have been playing this on my Moto phones for years with no problems.  Just got a Galaxy S8+ and find that the ability to move around the board by touching an open square is now very intermittent (sometimes it works, sometimes it won't respond at all.) Please fix this ASAP.
This app had a brief slump during which issues were not being addressed, but it has picked up again. Every so often, a publisher changes its interface, causing a puzzle download to fail, but the app is usually updated within a week or two.
Formerly a flawless app with unlimited  crosswords.  But now it's often unresponsive to taps. Reinstall didn't fix. Unusable now.
Clue font size too small on Acer Chromebook. Settings feature to change the  font size does not work. Cannot even select "Font Size" before the settings  menu disappears.
Once more, I'm having NYT login/download issues. No problem until yesterday. Suggestions?
Touch is very non responsive on my pixel 2xl, which I find shocking. Aside from that, a great app.
Doesn't respond to well on my tablet. Great on my phone. Yeah, I'm nitpicking.
A completely broken app. Unresponsive and slow. I've used this app every day for years. Please fix this soon.
I am getting fewer and fewer puzzles downloaded. Today I got two puzzles. I  never get LAT Sunday anymore and what happened to the Chronicle of Higher  Education? I never see it anymore. Where is Sunday Newsday? Answers??
Happy to see USA Today puzzle showed back up today. Any idea why it stopped on April 1?
I'd rate 5 if this had a scrollbar on the puzzle list. Please, please add one. Really tired of swipe scrolling to the bottom.
I used to really enjoy this app, but I am only able to download one Sunday crossword anymore - LA Times. Not a bad one, but I miss having 2 or 3 to complete each week.
I've had Shortyz installed for almost 5 years now and it's become almost a nightly routine. There's a good selection of puzzlesand easy sorting options  for which you'd like to view.
This is by far the best crossword app I've come across. It's easy to use &  I like that it updates with lots of new puzzles daily for many skill  levels. 10/10.
Best Free (real) Crossword Puzzle App That I've Found
A very much enjoy this game and all the puzzles that offers. There's some really great options
I loved it till recently. The app will no longer download USA Today puzzle. I don't know why.
Since the latest Android system update, back space no longer functions at all when in a puzzle.
It would be sweet if the user could disable multi-touch zoom altogether.
Great app, but lately my favorite LA Times puzzles haven't been downloading.  Where are they?
Suddenly I can't backspace to erase, and I'm not getting NYT puzzles even though I have a subscription.
Thank you for continuous improvement and ad-free play!
The user interface is fine, but what's really really great about this app is the variety of daily puzzles that are available for free
A great app to stay up-to-date with the latest crosswords
Love the app. I am curious why usa today is no longer loading. That's my favorite one.
Newsday 11/4 keeps downloading. Need 11/5 and 6.
Intuitive UI, nice variety of configuration options (especially for controls), good variety of puzzle sources
Love the app but it is lags a lot.
USA Today crosswords no longer load, what happened?
Never brought up a single puzzle.
Used to be better. Small screens don't handle moving from clue to clue as  well as it used to.
What happened to USA Today?
Keeps me off Reddit
Suddenly no longer shows errors. Looking for different crossword now
No ads, minimal bugs. Best app I've ever downloaded.
Navigation disappointing.
Great crusaders game on no fancy stuff. It. Just. Works.
Jonesin' on Thursdays! An excellent app.
What's better than crosswords? Nothing!
Love it. NYT puzzles still not downloading.
Best crossword app. Accept no substitutes.
Awesome crossword puzzle app!
Great choices at all levels.
Great game
Edit 9/5/17: The problem was fixed very quickly, great response from the devs. This app is phenomenal. Thanks for it.  --------------------------------------------------  I've been using this app for years, almost exclusively for the NYT Crossword, and it had been great. As of a few days ago I can no longer log into my NYT account through the app, and thus I can't download the puzzles. When I try to login it hangs at a loading screen after I submit my password
Awesome crosswords everyday!!
Gmail downloader doesn't work, at least not with AVCX in my Primary inbox - doesn't show up in the drop-down list, nor does it download when I select "All Available". Also some UX issues - panning is too sensitive, as it often pans a few pixels instead of selecting the square I tapped as intended. And it sometimes seems to interpret my panning around the puzzle as zoom for some reason. I have "double tap" disabled. Perhaps another finger is hovering close to the screen or something? Moto G5 Plus.
Best crossword app that i've found with great support by the author. The user interface has many useful options. If there's any missing feature, it would be some better way to handle "rebus" puzzles, where a square contains more than one letter. (Right now I've found typing the first letter works.)
I love that there are different skill levels and many puzzle choices. My problem is it doesn't work on my Samsung phone. I can tap from here until eternity on a square and the square selection doesn't change. It's way too annoying. Sorry!  I am uninsulated this game,  for the second time.  Yes,  I gave it two chances.
Since this was my only crossword app, didn't realize how great it was until this week when NYT made a change and had to use their app instead for my NYT subscription puzzle instead of Shortyz. I've gotten smarter with no frustration. And Robert's explanations are fascinating even tho I don't know what he's talking about. A true genius, whose commitment to a passion is A+.
Latest update essentially bricked my phone. OnePlus One with CM11, every launcher and every app crashed within moments of opening, until after many hours of troubleshooting I managed to wade through the crashes and delete your apk. Now I can use my phone again. Totally unacceptable, RIP anyone who can't figure it out.
Great app! Tons of crosswords, I rarely have time to finish them all. Sometimes the controls can be a bit glitchy, and the box sensitivity isn't that great. But these aren't issues that would keep me from using the app. It's still the best crossword app I've found to date!
This is the best crossword app, but trying to zoom in and out is a nightmare. The pinch zoom rarely works and the preset sizes are so weird. I wish I could lock it into the size I like and have it never zoom in/out on accident or when the app updates.
I'm really glad I came back to this game. The only thing it's missing is the ability to download more than 1 day worth of crosswords. It would be sweet to download a month or more at a time.
Tricky keyboard and the letters flying off of the keyboard are disturbing (beyond annoying) even after playing for several weeks. I still recommend this app.
A true crossword puzzle fan's crossword app that is also good for casual crossword fans. It has nice features, nice layout and access to many puzzle sources. NY Times access is fixed in June 2 update (note to users that login process is different but does work fine). Big thanks to kebernet!
I used to love this app, but now with the inclusion of run at startup I'm afraid this has to go. It's a crossword game, not an essential system utility that needs to start at boot time.
Love getting my NYT fix right on my phone as well as many others. The interface has numerous options to suit  anyone's style. Absolutely love this app. This developer is dedicated and responsive. I wish all apps had developers like this one. :-)
Best crossworld i've tried on GPlay although english isn't my main language, I'm learning a lot through the game. A french version would still be awesome. Choosing the colors for the "night screen" could be cool too. Thank you for the game!
Very good crossword app but I can't get the screen to respond at times when I'm changing to a new location on the puzzle grid. The keyboard always works fine but there's just something about touching on the grid that doesn't work at times. Previous versions of this type of app have had adjustments to screen sensitivity in settings.
the 7/16/17 sunday los Angeles times did not download. i only received Universal Crossword and Newsday. please explain. thank you
I've tried many crossword apps, but I've stuck with this one for YEARS. It's the best.
I love this app and use it daily. Great variety and degrees of difficulty. Can't figure out what the XP points earned in "Achievements" are for though.
Simple, straightforward crossword app. I like that it gathers actual crosswords. So many other crossword apps make up their own puzzles and they're simply too easy, marketed to casuals who only need a fifth grade education to solve.
Works well but sometimes fails to save a partially completed game on my Galaxy S5.
Love your app. It's one of the most used entertainment apps on my device. But, recently, when I don't finish a puzzle, it doesn't save what I've already done and presents a blank puzzle when I reopen it. Any advice?
I've tried others, but this is the best. Highly recommended for those folks who are just getting in to crosswords because of the hint feature, although when I started doing crosswords the only "hint feature" I had was an abridged collegiate dictionary. ðŸ˜‰
Simply the best crossword app. Great controls, great clue display, great grid display. Plenty of options to customize your experience. You can tell the app is a labor of love on the part of the developer. Nothing comes close.
Thanks for quick workaround for nyt. A lot easier than their version.
When the answer is more than one word, the clue should mention the number of words that makes the answer. Looking for a 4 letter word when it is actually two words of 2 letters each is frustrating...
I love this app, but at the moment the word I'm submitting is correct but the puzzle won't accept it. I tried every letter to no avail. Any advice?
Changing my review again -- fixed the NY Times bug, so I'm happy again!
Touching on box makes me so frustrated
Awesome design and User Interface, and ad free! Exactly what I was looking for. I am still learning some of the beauty of the functionality in the design.
NYT download fixed.  Back to being the best.
Super responsive developer.  Thank you for the quick resolution to the NYT login issues!
Downloads puzzles with minimal Internet connection, to use when there's no internet.
The gameplay is not saving every time, either in play or finished puzzles
Best crossword app out there. Had it for a couple years now and it's great
Great crossword game. I like the choice of puzzles - especially the easier ones.
A must for crossword addicts.
Love it! Best crossword app I have ever had
Tried many others. Easily the best.
I like most things about the app, but the keyboard keeps breaking making the app completely unusable until it randomly fixes itself and it often fails to download puzzles. Update: keyboard is even worse now. And crossword list is also randomly in huge font.
Love this app. Been using it forever and really enjoy it. Only hiccup is that it won't download the Premier Weekly Crossword even though it is selected in my list. Been like this for a long time so may need to look for alternatives that'll work with the Premier Crossword.
Wide variety of (US) sources. Night mode is very welcome, often not preserved after exiting, and is slightly ruined by the white cell background on wrong letters (perhaps yellow?). Also like that I can store months of puzzles
Good app but most crosswords you come across are US based and use different spellings or answers to an English equivalent. This makes you have to think like an American while solving the crosswords. You should use a UK equivalent depending on app download location as this lets all that hard work down. Unfortunately, uninstalling due to this and looking elsewhere......real shame.
I love the latest update with night mode and thank you so much for fixing the color problem for older versions of android. My one small issue echoes what I've seen others say as far as the zooming not being very smooth or working great. It can take a few attempts to get everything to be the right size. I still love this app and use it the most. Content and simplicity are 5 stars period... Samsung GS 4
So far this app is mostly expectations. Good selection of puzzles some more difficult than others. Navigation takes a bit of getting used to. My only criticism is with the nyt puzzle. Took off a star due to the nyt puzzle being the same on every week. Just take it off it's not going to work. Don't say it's part of the app when it's not really. On the upside I can do it really fast now!
Overall, I enjoy the app, but there are several bugs that hold it back. Every so often, the selected tile will move down one on its own, or the zoom will decrease slightly for no reason. I've also become aware of the screen flickering very quickly while a crossword is open. I'm not sure if this is a new thing, or if I've only just now become aware of it.
Devastated. This is why I avoid updating favorite apps. Latest update wiped all of my downloaded puzzles - I checked all files on my phone and they're just gone. This was a 5-star app. Maybe I'll add stars back when I'm feeling better. So disappointing.
The last update screwed with the zoom and now it won't. The now small view makes it very hard to play. Fix it and it will be worth a much higher rating - UPDATE it is fixed Thanks
Overall, this was one of the better crossword apps available. However, it's extremely frustrating to get the SAME LA Times puzzle over and over! It's supposed to be a NEW puzzle each day, not the same one 3 or 4 days in a row! What gives?  Downrating due to this issue, which has arisen over the past month or so.
Great crossword puzzle game. The best. However the most recent version has been erratic in showing and saving puzzle progress. Completed a puzzle and it did not show the completion dialog or save the solution. Some others stuck at percentages and did not update when completed.
It took them two years to publish a bright red night mode? Why won't they give us the nice black screen back? Without red letters! This app was so pretty before it got "improved" two years ago. Shiny white screen. What a bad idea. And now this?!? Are you kidding me? That's just a slap in the face.
My NYtimes puzzle finally loads without a hiccup! :) Update 5/1/17 No longer loads the NYTimes crossword. Disappointed.
Timer is messed up somehow. After finishing a puzzle it say about 23 mins. But is actually about 7 mins. Please help! HTC Savvy
This was my favorite until this last update. Now I can't zoom the puzzle! !!! It's crap.
Something is wrong.   With the new Samsung operating system,  the app automatically types x's
Typos get pink squares. Very frustrating. Get it right again please. I still use the app because it is the best of what are generally poor options. Please stop messing with it. Update: One can escape the pink boxes just by disabling "show errors". This makes things harder but also more satisfying. Many reviewers complain of a number of bugs but so far I have been buy free except for always getting the same Times puzzle. Enjoying it more now.
Best user interface and puzzle sources I've found for crosswords. The only thing it's missing is syncing progress across devices.
Not currently usable. Puzzles instantly clear after returning to the main menu, seems they don't save properly.
Great app but nytimes crosswords don'tâ€‹ download anymore even though my subscription is active. I hope this can be fixed because this app is so much better than the official nytimes crossword app
When I tap on a box on the left side of the puzzle. It zooms out. Then I fit it to screen, and it does it again. Please fix!! Still a awesome crossword app!! Except for that issue.
Since last week, the NYT puzzles have stopped downloading. What happened?
Have loved this app for years. I use it every day. Nice mix of easy and tough puzzles. Clean, bright, intuitive and simple to navigate. Easily 5 stars.
The problem i am having is that every time i type a letter or try to navigate in the puzzle, the whole puzzle snaps to the smallest possible size. Every. Time. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 running android 4.4.2
This app is great. I left my wife for this app. We eloped and moved to Acapulco.
Wide range of difficulty. 3 to 7 puzzles per day. One of my favorite apps.
Best freeware crosswords app for people that are serious about their crosswords. No ads or distractions and highly configurable. Clean interface and good puzzle selection considering the price.
Easy way to access my NY Times puzzle subscription! Lots of options so you can set the grid size, the way it advances to the next clue, etc. to suit your own preferences.
Has quitworking. No idea why. Uninstall reinstall no change. Worked yesterday now blank screen. Galaxy S7 edge. Android 7
Found this a few years ago.  It is a family favorite especially when traveling - to play today's crossword while in the Galapagos ... YES, this app makes me that cool!
Good selection of puzzles. No annoying ads.
Like the title says, pretty good.  I have not had a reason to try the night mode yet.
. Best crossword app.  NY times broken.
Good mix between easy and moderate. Enjoyable to play.   Just wish it would jump to the next word when it's on the next line.
I switched back to Android because you can't get this app for iPhones
Amazing app that fills all my crossword needs!
This is the absolute perfect crossword puzzle app.  Use it everyday. No frills, no ads...perfect!
Would give it a 5 star, except for the fact, it won't download the next days puzzles. Please fix! I have a Droid Turbo.
Keyboard is glitched up and makes it unplayable.
It simply aggregates crosswords available online, including some published by major papers, and it does it well.
I love this app. It's simple and functional. I like the new interface. Please add option to customize the text color in night mode. Thanks.
Great interface, lots of options, automatic crossword download, and NYTimes integration. The developer is also extremely helpful and responsive. Shortyz is amazing!
Best on Play by miles! The new night mode is really great too.
Thanks for a great crossword puzzle, like the variety and quick response to fix problems.
Best puzzle app I have found.  Wish there were more of the large puzzles though.  Thanks for the fun!
Terrific for crossword lovers...allows you to select many free crossword puzzles from various newspapers  (NY Times charges for theirs)
Ive had this installed and been using it for years across many different devices without issue. Light weight and easy to use.
NYT stopped downloading. Not sure why.
Doesn't work unless you give it full access to everything on your tablet. Like photos and contacts!!!
Great simple easy to use interface. Fast downloads of crosswords. Unbelievable number of choices. Easy on memory. Lightweight and fast. Can be moved to sd card.
Lots of crosswords from major daily newspapers. Don't need to get hardcopy anymore
Love the simple, easy to use design, and the ability to just download the puzzles I want each day.
I'm clues, accented letters (like Ã©) don't appear
Long time player, love it! Thank you for the night mode update, it's amazing!
Love how you can get every newspaper. Great app
Love the app, so glad to be able to use the clues function again!
Best crossword game out there. I wish it was also available for ipad !
Play almost every day.
Shortyz is awesome. Big thanks to the developer(s)!
Its crosswords on your mobile device. Perfect for crossword lovers.
What can i say, I love this game!!
If you are serious about crosswords, this is the best.
Best crossword app I've used
Good interface and lots of crosswords.
Brilliant.
Near perfect crossword app
Really enjoy!
Love this
i love the simplicity of the app
Good app
Almost unusable on a tablet. Zoom does not work it stays at small size,until it is fixed I will have a hard time enjoying it
I used to love it but the last update screwed up the zoom. The puzzles are too small. If it isn't fixed, I will be deleting this app.
Still 5 stars because I know you will fix it very soon, I'm a big fanðŸ˜€ I have a ZenPad 8
A ton of daily or weekly puzzles to choose from. Very easy to use. And stable. New night mode is a great feature.
Been using for years... Never needed a replacement.
Was great before they changed it. Now it no longer zooms to fill the screen
Everything is back to normal and I am really enjoying doing the crossword puzzles again
App has been great, but in update 4.3.5, full screen on my tablet no longer works. Zoom only gets about 1/2 full screen.
I like the app, but seriously dude, make it possible to change that red color in night mode to something else. It makes my eyes bleed in the dark more than the regular style does.
Bring back the black font clues etc in day mode and I cannot zoom puzzle to fill area since this latest update
Love the app but really hope we can change the red text in future releases!
Love it,  but cannot find the option to change from red text.
Great variety of challenging puzzles every day.
This is the only "game" that stays on my phone. AFAIK, it is the best of its kind and provides access to a wide range of puzzles without needing a subscription.  A glitch: On Galaxy Note 3 (Android 5), in the "Clues" mode, the letters in the answer area exceed the squares and are cropped. I'd be happy to send a screenshot.  An enhancement request: A 1-key method to move between clues. Suggestion: permit a long-press on the keyboard arrows. LP on left/right moves to prev/next clue across. LP on up/down moves to prev/next clue down,  Thanks for a great program. Where do I pay?
I love crosswords, and this app caters to my ADD - you can jump from puzzle to puzzle and save partially solved ones for as long as you want.  So many thoughtful features make this app better than pencil and paper puzzles - timers, hints, partial solve, etc.  One thing I wish it would do is highlight the puzzle you're on (in list view) so you don't lose your place.
I do crosswords to tire out my brain at night so I can sleep. I love the variety of puzzles and options to turn hints on or off, use keyboards, resize the board etc. There is also a night mode now so I'm using my review. If I could give more than five stars I would!
There's always some minor issue for me,  like a certain puzzle will load every week and then just stop... but i still get plenty of free puzzles! I love this app and use it almost daily.
I really enjoy using  this app, but sometimes when you go to download the puzzles the date and calendar has reverted to February 1, 1900.
"You're simply the best. better than all the rest". It's obviously a work of love for the author since, unlike 99.9% of the free apps out there, it only asks for what it legitimately needs. On top of that (albeit seemingly  bar) it works like a champ.
a bit clunkier than the NYT app, but an excellent contribution nonetheless. and night mode is genius!
Thank you for night mode! :)
Great app and nightmode is awesome now. Would be nice to also have the hints be in red font. Then back to 5 stars.
Great cross word app
Relaxing & I need that.
After the update the "delete" key in the board stops if the letter is correct and I have to use the directional arrows. So if I accidentally type in several wrong letters because for some reason I am "off" on the board and need to delete I cannot just use the delete key to remove ALL the letters. I know maybe that's a silly thing, but it won't allow me to move out of the box of a correct letter. So if I am using the keyboard without the directional arrows, which is an option, I have to tap on the screen which doesn't always end up in the box I need to be in, making this a sometimes frustrating problem.
Great update! Who wants to play a stupid freemium time drain game when you have this?
Perfect for crossword lovers
I've had this app for a few years now, and I've always really liked it, especially because you can get lots of puzzles without being nagged to subscribe to keep using them. One feature I do not like as far as functionality goes, is the double-tap zoom feature... Because double-tapping is also how you switch between Down/Across clues. So sometimes it just keeps zooming out further and further, when I just want to switch clues. Other than that, no complaints about this app.
This is a great program that has liked many hours of waiting time in offices, dr appts, but it didn't deserve the title because times crossword is always stuck on one and same crossword every week. This needs to be fixed to deserve Dr. Will Shortz name on it. Yes it says Shortzy but that's an obvious implication to the NYT crosswords! The hardest and most fun of them all.
An absolutely fantastic app for doing crosswords, but unfortunately buggy in some areas. Notably, the app crashes on landscape rotation and the current puzzle's progress is lost. Also can't change from Down to Across by clicking on first clue (I prefer the crossword to start Across rather than Down)
Love the app, so nice to be able to get nyt crosswords on android. As the difficulty for nyt (and other crosswords) depends on the day of the week, it would be great if the date picker used a calendar or indicated day of week. Keep up the good work! Edit: they have a day of the week text, but it's off by a day. Edit: they fixed! However the app crashes randomly on 7.0 and loses my progress. A simple solution is to automatically save.
I've been using Shortyz for year, and this app is great for doing the NYT Crossword.  However, it still doesn't handle rebus puzzles, which is only an occasional issue, but it makes it tough to do them when they show up.  Also, I would love to see it keep cumulative stats (best time for each day, etc.)
I love this app.  Q: for the mobile phone (I have android) would you consider following the phone's settings for keyboard sounds and the haptic feedback please.    Regards, Allen  UPDATE - got a new phone - Galaxy S7 and put your app on it. I put in my NYT credentials but it does not download the NYT Crossword now.  I do not get an error message like I do if I put in the wrong credentials and I can download other puzzles that do not need authentication. :-(  Hope you can help.
Issues that got fixed: Puzzles getting deleted or archived accidentally even when swipe action is disabled. This makes me very happy ðŸ˜ƒ. Using the native dark keyboard, but hoping for a dark keyboard within the app in the future updates. The app seems to be having problems showing the delete button in the default keyboard. Don't know why. ðŸ˜ž
Puzzles do not fit to screen properly on my Galaxy S6.  Bottom row or bottom two rows never show on fit to screen mode.  I always have to pick zoom out.  Also,  wrong letters no longer show as red unless that word/clue is selected.  If not on the clue with the error it just shows an opaque pink box.  Please fix these two things.  Have had this game for years and love it.  Would also love to see it on the app store for my iPad.
Used this app on multiple older (pre 2015) samsung and lg devices with little to no probelms. Over that time, the app has grown and developed into something really elegant. However, after upgrading recently to the lg stylo 2 plus, I have been finding that the hit boxes for the answers are hard to find especially near the sides of the puzzle. Both with the stylus pen and my fingers, it is difficult to find the right place to trigger the answer boxes. I have no similar issues with any other apps. Plz fix.
The app would be great if the settings worked,  but they rarely do.  It's especially problematic that the navigation rules/preferences don't work.  The timer won't display.  Closing & restarting the app after changing settings doesn't help. Using Samsung Galaxy S4, Android version 5.0.1.
Was a better app but latest updates caused me to be less excited. As many have said, a simple fat finger or typing error before a word is finished shouldn't be counted against me. If I correct the mistyped letter before moving on, that should not add to error count. Some puzzles have answer boxes shortened. Clearly a mistake in conversion. The author has clearly stopped paying close attention to the app.
No matter how many puzzles I complete I do not get any achievements from Google play games. Have tried to clear gmail under settings, also disconnecting my account and signing back in again. No luck. Anyone else having that issue?
This app used to be good.   Unfortunately, lately the app has been having issues freezing, inserting random letters, it marks typos as errors, and doesn't always save progress.   Either need to be fixed, or I need to find an alternative crossword app...
I haven't been able to enjoy this app lately. It fills in letters i never typed and jumps all over the puzzle sporadically without me touching it. It has become a real bother. My phone doesn't have this problem in other apps so I've concluded the problem is this app.
Let us see goals to work for and add new ones,  add a way and place to brag about them too.  And maybe a way to guess the themes on the contests and email the puzzle makers?
Used to be my fav app, now if you switch from portrait to landscape view it crashes and you lose last 5 mins of progress. Such a bummer. Please god fix it. For android 7+.
You need to fix the on saved instants to correct the behavior of your rotation cycle. I have a Nexus and I used to love this app but I hate that it now crashes every time that I rotate my phone. I could probably deal with the crashes if it saved all of my work.
Update:. The problems with the app only seem to get worse.  The crosswords available are decent, but when the odd one which requires one to use numerals or symbols comes along, one can't finish the puzzle.  Also, when my failure with my touchscreen counts as an error, working the puzzles is less fun.  Finally, when puzzles fail to download correctly, trying to open them makes the app crash.  Oddly, some of these bugs were not present in previous iterations of the app.
Used to be my go-to cwp app, now it is far too buggy to enjoy, at least on the note 5. The pinch zoom out and in doesn't work at all except to frustrate. Have to tap squares multiple times to register that I'd done so, while others will switch to and change orientation in one tap. I can't do this anymore.
Love the selection of puzzles! The main bug I have is no matter how many times I turn off the "show errors", it keeps highlighting incorrect answers in red. I prefer figuring out mistakes the hard way, just like I was using pen and paper!
I used to love this app; however it hasn't been updated in six months and the latest versions of Android make it almost unplayable. It hangs regularly and crashes often. Every time it crashes it loses all your progress on a puzzle. It's almost unplayable for current iterations of Android.  tl;dr great app in desperate need of an update to make it playable again.
This is my second time installing this game. (If I remember correctly, they had an issue several years ago getting crosswords from major newspapers) Anyway, I like how basic the app is. It doesn't have ads, which makes it so much easier to play than other free games. I don't know why it is, but every crossword it downloads from People Magazine is the exact same. This has been going on for a couple weeks, at least.
Shortyz Crosswords is malfunctioning now that my LG G5 has upgraded to Android 7.0. Anytime I'm doing a crossword and if I have to back out and do something else it's not saving where I left off it's restarting the puzzle over every time. ALSO it's force closing 2 or 3 times every time I open the app into any puzzle and then it again doesn't save my progress. Just a heads up.
I was loving this app, until the past few days when it started misbehaving. Now the text size of the puzzle grid will randomly shrink sometimes, so small that I can hardly read it. Double tapping to zoom works for a moment.... Until you type in a box and then it shrinks again. This is so infuriating! Any help would be most appreciated.
I liked that I can download the NYTimes puzzles going back years. However, after the Android 6.0.1 update on my Galaxy Tab S, the tablet started to freeze and crash. Two factory data resets, and one-by-one app downloads, i disovered thay this app stays on in the background and uses a third of my available RAM. Uninstalled.
Highly recommended. Latest Update - fixed all my minor annoyances - close to a perfect 10. Old Update - now has boatloads of puzzles. Anyone who tried it a year ago and was disappointed by the limited number of puzzles should try it again.
I love this app. Been using it for a long time. It just has a lot of bugs still. Yesterday and today, it will not download new puzzles, even if you do it manually. Fix!
Nice interface, a lot of settings, really a great app. The achievement mechanism has some problems though, I finished more than 10 puzzles but the "Complete Ten Puzzles" is still at 0%.
This Crossword App has an amazing user interface and of course, an unlimited amount of crosswords from the best sources available!! There are some issues with landscape orientation and untimely crashes though.
It was actually great and easy to use until the app kept crashing every 2 minutes and losing my progress in puzzles. Gonna look for another app for now. Update: found out that it's switching orientation while in a puzzle that does it.
A one-eyed king in the land of the blind is what this app is. Offers limited sources of puzzles (not its fault), most of which are boring. LA Times and USA Today are the only two worthwhile puzzles that update daily. On-screen keyboard should be of a different color than white. Zooming misbehaves every now and then. BIGGEST FAIL: DOES NOT indicate if answer to a clue is constituted of more than one word. Among paid puzzles/app, NYT (not on Android) remains the leader with the best-crafted puzzles.
It works fine on my tablet, but I can't get the boxes to pink highlight the incorrect letters on my phone.  Very annoying, since I don't always have my tablet with me.
Use to be my favorite app and now it's useless!! 99% of the time it won't even open, or it opens and there's just a blank white screen until it crashes and is "not responding"
I have had this app for a long time, you used to be able to see all the boxes and know exactly how long a clue was while typing it and now you have to slide to see how long the answer will be and that drives me crazy. Would be 5 stars otherwise
Best app I've used on Android but a major pain to use.  An unenjoyable experience that makes me reach for my iPad.
I've been using Shortyz for a long time and love it, but for the last few days, the New York Times crossword won't download. I checked my NYT account, and it's current. This is a great app, but some puzzles that are listed, like the Onion, never download. Until now, the New York Times was fine, but now it's gone too.
Lots of puzzles, but the app sensitivity is totally out of wack. I have to touch a box 3 or 4 times before it registers, then fills random letters in that I never touched.
Works well. Entertaining during slow days. However, New York Times Classic puzzle has been Nov 25th 1998 every week for at least a month now. Used to be different every week.
I enjoy this app on my Galaxy Tablet but not so much on my Galaxy phone.  The phone app either doesn't sense my touch consistently or is often freezing.
Fantastic app. Has a few bugs that may be more related to the phone and the touchscreen. Otherwise I'm shocked that this app is free!
I really enjoy using the app and all the crosswords it supplied, but now, every time I use it, it crashes within 5 minutes and more annoying, when I open the app again, sometimes, the progress I made on a puzzle isn't saved and I have to start all over again.
Great app, or used to be.  Puzzles crash.  The screen image shrinks.  I'm hoping I missed an update and it has been repaired.  I uninstalled the app and now giving it another shot.
On these tiny keyboards the mistakes one makes typing should not be shown as hint errors.
Upgrading to 3 stars thanks to new update. Clicking boxes is still not as responsive as it once was. And now, an incorrect letter puts the whole box in red??
The app will force close and I will lose all progress in a puzzle whenever my phone tilts. Please fix it because this app was awesome before the problem started.
Greatly enjoy the easy access to many public puzzles!  The only things I don't like are minor glitches...the annoying accidental zooms, the occasional puzzle that has something other than a single letter in some boxes and doesn't recognize when it's complete, and inability to turn off error counting.   I'm not competing against anyone, so why do I need for all the mistypes from my phone's tiny keys to be thrown back at me?  Take a bit of the fun out.
This app no longer downloads puzzles, neither auto nor manually. It used to be fabulously functional. Disappointing.
Since last update puzzles no longer fit in screen. Have to keep moving them around to see where the letters are going, even using the fit to screen option.  No longer enjoy working puzzles in this app.
The best crossword app until an update - now taps on boxes often don't register, even with swipe mode turned off.
This is the best free app for crosswords. Or there could be better ones. Been to lazy to try any other one.
It used to work great but I'm getting black screen when I open any crossword. I can still tap and get the hints but can't see the crossword puzzle.
Thank you very much for the Great app. Â  One question : is there any way to enter numbers?Â   Occasionally, Â some puzzles, Â particularly some written by Merl Reagle, have numerals as part of the solution.  Thank you Â again,Â 
Great for puzzles.  However,  since the latest update it crashes every time the phone screen rotates.  Please fix this.
I love this app! It's easy to see and easy to use. I love the various options you can turn on and off! I've had it for several years and I download it on every new device I get.
Latest update won't remember my zoom. And actually keeps jumping around!  Please help.
Awesome, well developed app. Great features! I'm actually now addicted to crosswords. Really. That's not me.
I love it and have been using it for about 3 years on my various phones and tablets - But it has a 'bug' on my Amazon Fire (5th Gen, 7") where the 'hint' boxes (which also tell me I've entered an incorrect letter) do not show up...
I have to tap the boxes several times to get it to highlight. Sometimes it doesn't automatically go the the next clue. Very annoying. This is my favorite crossword app but I can't stand these problems.
Want the dude next to you at the bar to leave you alone? Start doing crossword puzzles.
The last 2 days I see a download arrow but nothing downloads. I miss my puzzles!  EDIT- puzzles took forever but finally arrived. Edit 2- Back to puzzles not downloading. SMH
Really awkward to use. Why does the puzzle hug the left side of the screen? You can rarely guess which clue it will jump to next.  The clues don't stay in sync with which box is highlighted. You have to double tap a square to get it to go. And more.
You can also use it to download your NY Times crosswords if you subscribe to them. This app includes some puzzle sources not commonly available elsewhere. Highly recommend.
I like the puzzle choices but it constantly freezes sometimes requiring closing app and reopening.  I miss splash pad's version which is no longer available.
I have to click on the puzzle board maybe 10 times before it registers anything. Very frustrating when you're watching your time!!! . This is a long standing bug (years).  :(
if it could automatically daily download, instead of waiting until I am actually ready to play, it would be supreme. Also, allow us to solve .puz files we've acquired from elsewhere (Crossynergy, Times Syndicate).
This app is great and keeps updated daily with new puzzles. My only complaint is that it sometimes downloads duplicate puzzles.
Cursor does not move to next clue at the end of line. Movement style options have no impact. Extremely frustrating as I have to click basically every clue.
The clue boxes are HUGE and I can't get them to go back to any kind of normal size. I don't even want to play because it's so frustrating to not be able to see the whole word. Ughh
was there an update?  When the keyboard is up I can't see the clues,  and vice versa.           - turns out "native"  keyboard setting doesn't work now,  but the other settings do. Otherwise,  I like this app a lot, only other thing is that new york times crossword special characters don't display properly, but those are only in occasional puzzles.
Been playing with this app for a long time; never had any issues and always has great puzzles. Thanks so much for all of your hard work!! It's really appreciated ðŸ˜Š .
A nightmare to navigate. Repeatedly tried but it's just too time consuming to get from word to word and space to space. Ugh!
I have solved many many puzzles but my rating has not been raised in over a year...what's up with that?
I've used this app for years now. Never had any serious issues with it. One of the best free apps out there.
Great overall, just wish there was an option to disable pinch-zooming and/or lock the existing zoom configuration. It's currently far too easy to accidentally zoom. Still, a great app.
If you have an older version and are thinking about updating... Don't. New version is super slow and buggy.
Crashes on opening puzzle when landscape. Portrait OK. Nexus 6P.
There's no precision when tapping the crossword's individual boxes. And half the time it's unresponsive.
It's amazing what just a bit of cleanup will do. Game interface is now super smooth and intuitive. Top notch crossword app!
downloaded a bunch of crap to my phone and quit working. Uninstalled
I've just downloaded this, but can't get the reveal and show errors options; how can I get them to show as highlighted, as I've completed my first puzzle but can't actually finish it?!
I tried a whole bunch of crossword apps and this is the only one I kept. Thanks dev.
Did the LA Times change their URL? No LA Times crossword on Dec. 2, 2016.
...is how long I have been using this app and it is still the best game app on my phone...thanks! Samsung Galaxy 7.
Would it be possible to link the down and across clues together so if you were looking at 24 across - 24 down would be automatically scrolled to?
Latest update does not highlight errors. No pink boxes. Can't tell which are wrong unless painfully obvious.
New update doesn't work. Black screen.
Love this app, but today it keeps crashing.  Cannot open any puzzles.
So easy to use and it's always updated. I was thrilled to find this app since I love crosswords so much!
Best crosswords out there! I love that it allows me to set which crosswords I want to download. Better than all the rest!
Very tidy application. No clutter of ads. Easy UI. Keep or delete old puzzles. Excellent to hone your diction.
Still no number functionality.
latest release forces soft keyboard to be onscreen regardless of settings. I prefer to use my bluetooth keyboard ... uninstalled the program...
Gives me access to the LA Times crossword all the way in Canada. Great selection and simple ui
Loads of free sources of puzzles and a simple, no-nonsense interface.
The light gray description of the individual puzzles is too light to read against the white background
The new update freezes...
Updates made it terrible
This is the only crossword app that actually works as intended.
Terrific app! Lots of puzzles at different  levels. I'm hooked.
Works well enough, new quality puzzles daily, taken from newspapers.
Have had this app thru 4 phones! Cannot go a day without it! Totally love it!
Time is passing this app by. It's in serious need of an update on the puzzles. Others have better lists.
Just wish my NYT Classic puzzle would update.
Sanity saver on long flights
One of my all time favorite apps. Easy to learn and simple to use.
This is the best crossword app that I've tried, and I've tried a bunch of them.
Crosswords plus is better and supports NYT subscriptions.
Love this app. There are always plenty of new puzzles to choose from.
Too many duplicate puzzles.
Yes it does, no problems.
Been a user for years now...no complaints!
I love how challenging it can be; humbles me.
Like this the best of all the crossword apps I've tried.
Great way to get my puzzle fix!
What happened to Shefflers and Jonesin?? Anyone???
Even better now with Google games connection
Stopped working...awesome before that
Great work. Fun and easy to operate.
the ability to download the nyt daily makes it best on Android
Loved the interface .simple. Clean . the best app for crossword !  Thanks for night mode
Runs perfectly and does everything it promises.
I use this app every day. It's great.
CROSSWORDS
Best crossword app in the play store
Does what it says it does.
My all-time Fave!
Crashes constantly
Dependable fun
Best app for crossword lovers
Best out there
Pretty good.
Brilliant
Slow
Love it
Great
I like the app, the ui is slick, but there are three big things I would improve/ change:   1. Zooming (make it less jumpy and improve auto fit). 2. Puzzle downloads ( make it easier to download several old puzzles at once. A traditional calendar view where you check off days would help with this, as users could also see the day of the week of the puzzle) 3. Add support for nyt mini       Otherwise nice app
The answer boxes are too large in Clue mode on my phone. It requires manual scrolling to see all of the boxes. It's better on a tablet, but still obviously a little too big. Also, the "Back" arrow in Clue mode doesn't work. One thing I'd like is the option for the space bar to move to the next clue, because the "Small" keyboard doesn't have an Enter key to do this.
For the past 4 months, some of the puzzles download the exact same puzzle as prior times. The New York Times Classic is the biggest offender. I have not had a new puzzle in months. Always the same one. Also the puzzle clues ad anvancing (as you finish one clue, autojumping to the next) can't wrap around the puzzle. It only goes left to right till the end of the row (or up and down one column) requiring u to click the next row or column. Would be an easy fix to an annoying issue.
Hey, Shortyz, I have a request. When I open the app, it defaults to the top of the list of puzzles. I'm solving puzzles from a month ago, so I have to scroll through a hundred puzzles to get to where I want. How about defaulting instead to the bottom of the list of available puzzles, or at least the latest one I was working on? It's the same when I clear finished puzzles - it defaults to the top of the list - the latest puzzles, instead of where I am working. This would make the app pert near perfect. Thanks.
OK, I really like this app. I'd pay for it, if the zoom issues ever got fixed (this update actually made them worse, now the zoom is even glitched viewing individual clues and words). I still enjoy the app, I'm just a bit frustrated by the inability to even manually zoom out while fit to screen is broken. Ah well. Hopefully later updates will help.
I switched from an HTC to a Samsung S6 and now my favorite app is so buggy I can't use it. Sometimes it will work fine, but inevitably it will stop registering my taps to change location. The app isn't frozen, because I can use arrows to move, but that's cumbersome and annoying. Please fix this, I can't use the app this way. (Also, any word on a nighttime keyboard? The native keyboard on this phone is huge, but the app keyboard is bright enough to burn retinas when used at night. )
This app has come a long way over the years and shows a real dedication by the developer. Wide selection of puzzles. Has helped me regain my pre head injury (6 months ago) vocabulary. Much better than dealing with lists of words from speech therapists and occupational therapists.
Great app, easy to use, perfect for my xword fix. If I run out of puzzles I just load a random date from years ago... Good archive. The new design is pretty OK. Every great once in a while the app glitches and the only solution is to reinstall, which is what I'm doing right now because a lag developed and won't go away. Another glitch that happens is the puzzle zooms out to the max and won't stay fit to the screen until reinstall. Again, they're pretty rare.
I love the choice of puzzles and overall design of the app.  I give it 3 stars because I often have tap a box 4-6+ times for the app to switch to that box. It happened on my old phone and is doing the same thing on my new phone. No other apps or phone functions have that problem, so it's not a phone issue.
As many others have mentioned, this has been a great game. However, it's been a huge mess since the previous major update. The crashing in clues view was fixed, but now the clue boxes are huge, which makes usage less than ideal. It sometimes doesn't save completed puzzles. Please fix.
Just like everyone else. Sence the update.  The boxs to type wirds in are huge after the last update. The pink help boxs dont work either. Don't they actually test there updates before there realses?  This was a great app, until they played with it.
The boxes are much too big when scrolling through the clues. You can't see the size of the word without toggling to the entire puzzle or switching on the length option.  Please revert the size to the previous update!
I am deleting the app that was once my favorite. Maybe the designer has had personal issues that have caused him to abandon his software and since he never charged for his product, he owes us nothing. I wish he had rolled back two versions before he did, but, again...his project. I just no longer want it reminding me of what it was. EDIT: There are really good reasons to be aggravated with the software, but dropping stars because you were offended by a puzzle provided by a 3rd party is just plain stupid.
I love playing these games, but is there a reason I always get the same People magazine puzzle that never gives reveals or errors and is very old?  I've even correctly solved it, and it still comes back with every refresh of games.
The last update is garbage.  Everything is screwed up. It doesnt save your screen size,  wont let you tap a puzzle to play. Sucks!! Love this app and have used it for years but this last update ruined it for me.
I loved this. Got new phone, sad to lose old puzzles. Forced to get newer version. Hate pink boxes on every miss. The people's magazine puzzle that is the same every day is annoying. And even when complete it shows every box correctly filled but it gives 99% and wont give me my time. :(
I really like the app and all the crossword options. My one compliant is when an answer includes a number, the app won't let you enter it. When you hit "reveal,", it shows the numbers without issue, but it won't let you type them yourself. Annoying!
Every time I mis-type I now get a pink box!?!!? This is horrible! I used to love this app, but with this new update its become ridiculous! Playing on a touch screen phone its impossible not to make a mistake when typing - this should not warrant a pink box unless I move on to another word without correcting the error. So stupid, please fix ASAP so I can go back to enjoying this app!
Since it's a pre bedtime activity for me I was a bit bummed when they switched to a white keyboard because it is blinding in the dark. But that seriously is the only complaint I've ever had. I've been happy with it for the past 4 or more years.
The puzzle view works great, but the clue view is janky. The app sometimes crashes when changing letters, the clue boxes are way too large and cumbersome to resize. The old interface was much easier to use. Edit: letters occasionally display as being correct until tapping on them again.
The last update broke it in my S5.  I've been using this app for years and I updated it a few days ago and now it hangs on the loading screen right after it says it downloaded new puzzles.  No matter what I do,  I can never get into the game.
Needs numerals; the recent LA Times, "Ode to Homer Simpson", on 11/16/14 required a "2" to complete. Twice recently I couldn't complete a crossword because it required a numeral. This is frustrating.
Love the variety of puzzles available. Some of the clues have trouble showing special characters, like underlines/blanks, but it's not that difficult to figure them out. There's one old puzzle that still downloads again from time to time. But kiddos to the developer for navigating all those different puzzle sources!
My only game on my phone too- a dedicated fan!  However,  since the latest update,  the "show errors" toggle does not reveal the errors in red properly.  When show errors is selected during play,  the errors don't all reveal themselves until the word containing the error is itself selected.  Would very much appreciate a fix for this! The last version worked flawlessly on my good old Samsung S2lte. Keep up the good work!
zoom is very fickle, on screen rotations it loses zoom and the resume option is too zoomed in. sometimes freezes when zooming. previous versions were fine. don't fix what isn't broken.
Before last update we were able correct mistakes without them showing as errors on the grid. Now, all mistakes are puzzle errors. I was well on my way to completing the "100 puzzles under 5 minutes with no errors" achievement, but since the last update,  i haven't completed a single puzzle error free. I play this daily and will rate 5 stars again once this gets fixed. Because it's not fun to see red in a puzzle grid for a perfectionist.
Clue boxes too big and the back arrow doesn't take you back to the puzzle. As a long time user it's sad to see the app take a step in the wrong direction. I'm sure the developer will address these issues though.
Impossible to navigate.  Automatically downloads a bunch of crosswords I don't want.  People magazine? Really?  Can't see list of clues so I can jump to a section I can answer.  Blech.  When is the NYTimes gonna come out with their own Android app.  Surely they've got the dough to develop a decent one.  REally annoyed I'll have to travel with an iPad too.
I just want to say that you did a great job on this app. I use it every night to lull myself to sleep. Problem is though, it's too bright! I had to find a screen dimmer app and it's still not a good solution. The app only overlays a black image over the screen set to whatever opacity you prefer. But that makes it difficult to see mistakes. I'd love it if you could invert the colors and change the white text and blocks to grey. Thanks for reading this!
...but the pink boxes cropping up all the time are really annoying. Especially since it's easy to make a typo using the facility to skip filled boxes.
This app is driving me crazy.   I used to live it before they  "fixed the bugs"  now it's working terribly. It worked perfectly  before. Restore it please. When I finish a puzzle it doesn't even register the fact that it's complete.
The last update overhauled the hint system, which was totally fine before, and ruined it. Sometimes I mistype letters and now those errors count against me in the error percentage, even if I correct them before I move onto e next block.  Before this update I'd have rated this app a solid five stars. Now it gets three.
OK, the crashing issue in clues mode is fixed...BUT...the tradeoff is that the boxes in clues mode are HUGE!  More importantly, it started crashing when I selected a puzzle...but it's only if I select the Wall Street Journal puzzle. The rest work OK.  Keyboard still sucks.
Love this app, kudos to the author! However, I just upgraded from an S4 to an S6 and sensitivity is a huge problem in this app. You have to press the same square lots of times for the app to react and move to that clue. This is the only app I've seen that has this issue. Hope it gets fixed soon because this is one of my favorite passtimes, but it's just getting too aggravating to use.
How can i uninstall updates? It used to be the best crossword app and now it's ruined. Enormous boxes hurt my eyes! I have to look for some other app ((((
Since the update this program has really had problems. Any way to go back? I've started using "Crossword Lite" because of the problems with Shortyz. Need to update!
It's good that it draws several crosswords but I feel that there are problems that would be pretty easy to fix.  Specifically, the one I get angriest about is that you can't put numbers in the puzzle, even if you change the keyboard.  In the past couple weeks, there have been three puzzles I couldn't finish because of that, and it seems like it should be an easy problem to fix.
Love it. But stats no longer provided when puzzle completed. Also when all boxes have been filled completion percentage reads 99%max. A little annoying.
I applaud this app, since despite its flaws, it's still the best crossword app available for free, but the recent update has caused some concerns. In terms of bugs, once in a while the downloads will hang, which usually sorts itself out later.  Not a deal breaker.   However, I do feel less inclined to play as often now that touchscreen typos are being marked as errors with no opportunity to correct them.  I'll change to 5 stars if that is fixed.
The clue boxes are waaay too big. I can't see the whole word and it's beyond frustrating.
The clue boxes are MASSIVE.  I loved when it had dark theme available.  I have horrible eyes, and the white gives me migraines.  Fix please?
Thanks for adding the crosswords that were unavailable for so long. I've been playing this for years,  and will definitely keep this app, however, I see know reason for you to keep adding the same old NY Times puzzle from Nov. 1998. Every Monday, there it is!
Not sure what happened. Since last update, the box size reverts to tiny every time you touch the keyboard. Otherwise, this is the most excellent app. Please fix!!!!
The more updates, the harder it is to actually tap on what squares you need to enter in your answer. Otherwise, one of the better crossword puzzle apps I've come across.
I can't get my hints/pink boxes to show up anymore, on ANY puzzle. I've looked in settings, but there's only the option to turn it off (which yes, it's unchecked)... No option to turn it ON. Please fix.
Loved this app until the last update. Now all my puzzles say 99% complete when they are 100% complete also don't like the new error red boxes from simply mistyping.
Excellent selection of puzzles. Full of features to customize your experience. User interface is a tad clunky, but better than most. The built in keyboard is very similar to the standard Google keyboard so there's not much of an adjustment.
I've been using this app for years. By far the best crossword app on the market. Only reason for missing a star is that it had recently gotten very slow and freezes / crashes after the latest update.
I truly appreciate the developer for creating this great free app. Latest update has caused issues displaying errors in pink boxes on my Galaxy S5.
Only thing I do not like is swipe to delete. I accidentally swiped the Los Angeles Times puzzle and now it won't let me download it again.
Even when at largest setting, clue text is smaller than clue numbers inside crossword. Text needs to be sizeable far beyond current limitations--at least doubled.
This is a great app but the recent update has messed up the clue box sizes and the error highlighting activates on my fat finger typos now, instead of allowing corrections. Still the best in its class, though.
Used to be able to download puzzle for next day before midnight. No longer the case. :(
I used to love this app. This update ruined it. clue box is way too big. Won't save if you adjust the size. Half the time you can't click a box to add a letter. Incorrect letters go between showing red (used to be wrong) or pink (used to show it's correct but previously had an error). When you delete or archive a People Magazine puzzle, when you log back, it re-downloads it...Every. Single. Time. I don't want that puzzle anymore but I can't get rid of it. Fix and I'll give your stars back.
Works smoothly, has options for settings, a pleasure. I really enjoy this app, but after the last update, the shortcut icon was gone. Tried to uninstall and reinstall but installation never completes.         Its back!  Yay!
Love this app - it's my go to whenever I have a few minutes to kill. Just one question.. regardless of whether I check this box in Settings or not, the pink boxes still show up. Not super annoying, just thought it was worth mentioning.
I have an LG G3 and none of my puzzles are downloading. It's really frustrating! Any help would be nice!
Where are the jonesin' puzzles?! They are my favorite, but looks like they aren't available to download anymore. There are plenty of good puzzles besides, but I got this app just so I could play those puzzles!
I am dumping this app after using it several times a week.  The puzzles work fine but all of the other set up up is a bit cumbersome.
I just switched to a galaxy S6 and I'm seeing issues I wasn't seeing with my htc m9. Tapping a square almost never takes me to that word, and I have to tap several more times for a response. Looking at other reviews, this looks like a common problem on the s6.
Zoom is still broken/doesn't remember your settings as suggested in the release notes. Also clues mode has huge boxes
Used to be great. But now clue text boxes are huge, and there's no way to fix it. The app crashes all the time, too.
I'm giving 4 stars but would be giving 5 if this latest revision didn't do something weird on the "Clues" view. The Clues bar is super zoomed in and I have to scroll right and left to see how long the word is. Nothing I do fixes it. I'm on Android S6.
This is a great little app, but two problems. 1) it's way, way too easy to accidentally delete puzzles - even puzzles you've solved! If I pick up my phone wrong and accidentally drag across the screen, I'm liable to lose them with no way of getting them back. 2) the error checker isn't really clear what is wrong - I wish it highlighted all letters that are currently wrong separately from which ones were wrong previously.
This app probably takes up 90% of my screen time on my phone.  I'm addicted to crossword puzzles.  Between the vast selection of puzzle libraries and the live-ish updating of ongoing publications, I'll never run out of games to play.  Note, however, that I've been running Shortyz for years and although the app does get updated from time to time, the updates are sporadic at best.  Bugs can go months before being addressed.  The current bug plaguing the game is the Clues view zooms in ridiculously on the letter grid, making it difficult to use.  But, like I said, the app does get updated and things do get fixed in time.  This bug has been reported and I will wait until it's fixed.  It's an annoyance regardless, so I'm docking it a full star for an otherwise stellar app.
Newest version had zoom issues on Sunday Puzzles on Dell Venue 8. Full puzzle won't display and needs to scroll vertically about 3 boxes. Otherwise, just needs to display the "crossed" clue automatically to be perfect.
I previously gave this app 5 stars.  That was until I was offended by a clue/answer against my ethnic heritage in the USA TODAY crossword on New Year's Eve.
But not after the last update. Screen size constantly resets by itself. Automatically gives pink hint boxes when you mistype a letter. Please go back to the way it was before.
Loved this app until the last update. Play it daily. Now the clue boxes are huge and you can't see the whole word. Change it back please!
Would give it 5 stars, but does not allow you to enter numbers into a box. This prevents completion of certain puzzles and should be enabled in future versions.
The puzzles are great. But it is absolutely difficult to maneuver around the puzzle no matter what view you're in.
I used to rate this a 5 but seeing how badly the latest update affected the app I had to drop it to a 3. Not Happy but hopefully a fix will come soon !
like a gazillion people already mentioned, your finger slips, types the wrong letter, BAM! pink error box appears.
Please fix the text box sizing when in clue view. It's zooming in and you can't see all the letters as soon as it's bigger than 4 characters long.
Tried to play a crossword.. I can see the clues but all I can see is a black screen and the keyboard. No puzzle. Restarted phone and everything Galaxy note 3
New update 2017== I've been using this app for years, close to its debut. It's my favorite app and I use it virtually every day.  The variety of puzzles can't be beat. Hands down the best crossword puzzle app available on Google Play. PERFECT UI. Thank you!
January 28 2016 Jonsin' puzzle. This puzzle required a number as part of an answer. The app keyboard doesn't have numbers and the native keyboard number buttons don't do anything. Yes, I'm a purist.
Not sure what happened, but app won't open anymore, just crashes during initialization on my LG G4.  Love the app for many years now cannot play.
Still freezes every few seconds. Still can't zoom to show whole puzzle. Clue boxes still massive.  Thank god for titanium backup. Back to 4.0.7 :-(
You get the option to turn on the ability to see if the letters you've put in are correct or not, which makes crossword much easier and more fun for me. Thanks so much for the great app!! ðŸ˜™ðŸ‘
...except clue boxes too big when scrolling through clues...bottom of letters get cut off.
I like this app.  I was thrilled to find that it has the Wall Street Journal Friday and the Saturday (weekend) puzzle, since they are hot commodities in the office - now I can do the puzzle without having to hog the paper or print out my own from their website.    However, WSJ now offers puzzles daily.  Can you add these to the daily downloads?  Thanks!
I would like two changes. One to be able to unarchive archived puzzles. The other to have an option where swipe neither archives or deletes. I always accidentally swipe!!
Cannot zoom out on these huge boxes.  App has tons of extra files to download.
Different levels of difficulty in several  daily crosswords. Great for keeping mind alert!
I've used this app so years but the new version is not friendly. Doesn't display the keyboard unless I set it to native keyboard, but then there are no arrows showing. Its so annoying I've stopped using the app.
I downloaded this app because it said I could do NYT crosswords in it.  I entered my subscription data, but it still doesn't give me the option to download NYT puzzles.
I have to tap several times to select box on screen. Very annoying.
Just got a new galaxy, and it won't pick up tapping any of the squares. Have to navigate by arrow keys, which is beyond frustrating. Too bad, I used it everyday before
Like the app, but with latest update I can't download the next day's puzzles anymore, even though I know most of them are available at 10pm ET.
Undesirable changes / bugs introduced with last update. Can't turn off swipe action. Large puzzles do not fit to screen. Pink boxes work in an annoying way.
Fix the clue boxes!! They are too big i haven't played since this happened and i miss my favorite app
Love this app!  I've been doing  daily NYT crosswords for years, and now  I can take them with me.  One suggestion: add the capability to add more than 1 character to a cell, for those special puzzles.  Thanks!!
Great crossword application, functionally the best I've found. Recent update has fixed most of the UI bugs.
Why do my downloaded puzzles disappear the day after I download them? Is there a setting I'm missing? This is very frustrating.
Better than the last update, but why are the boxes so HUGE now in the individual clue view?!
Very nice app. Continues to improve. However latest update brought back bug in fit to screen movement.
Wish highlighted box would automatically go to next clue when at the end of the column/row. Otherwise, a really well done little game. Any chance of expanding puzzle library?
Used to like it, hate the changes. I like using clue view mode and the boxes are huge, and I can no longer move from clue to clue
Half the puzzles won't download. Emailed to notify of problem and got no response...
Well designed, with only a few small bugs. Crossword sources can be easy or challenging. Overall, the best app I have seen for crosswords.
Been using this for a couple of years & it's been flawless. Active developer and nice material touches. It even goes easy on the battery
Maybe not working right on my device? It's got a terrible interface.
Back to functional after updates. Seems to have some issues with large crosswords on Android 6.
This used to be a fun app... Now it's so technical it won't even let me type letters. From a five star to a one star easily...
I used to really love this app. Still like it a lot, but wish the puzzle grid was able to be reduced in size. That option doesn't seem to work anymore.
MAJOR bug in last update. Clue screen is zoomed as far as it can go and will not change, and puzzle size resets to a tiny size every time I close the app. Also takes forever to load.
Please allow for number and character entries. Otherwise, truly appreciate the app, using it almost daily.
This is THE best crossword app I have ever found, tons of puzzles, new ones everyday, the interface is super user friendly and intuitive. Really amazing app.
I love this app, over 4 devices I've downloaded every time. Works really well, I'm super satisfied with it.
My favorite game app. Updates easily, offers a good number of puzzles of varying degrees, daily. The application functions very well and is cleanly made.
...but what happened to night mode? Would love to see a black background with white lettering again. Thanks for the app. I use it all the time.
The latest update is screwed up.
Any way we can get the input set up to where I can use my s pen to write the answers in?
Clue boxes are too large.. Frustrating to play
Love the app but marking accidental taps red when using hint highlighting is lame.
Great selection, always works well, challenging enough yet still simple. Great job Shortyz!
Two or three of the free crosswords keep me busy every day! I'm so grateful for this app.
I use this almost every morning with my coffee!  Great way to get the brain functioning.
App won't open
And we're back!. This is the only game I have on my phone. So happy it's fixed.
I've tried many different crossword apps and none compares to this one.. Love it
I love this app. it gives all the best crosswords and hasn't glitched in a long time. hurrrrray
NY Times classic is the exact same puzzle every time.
No frills, works perfectly. Appreciate that there aren't ads too.
Completely broken update.
I finish a puzzle but it still says 99% done.
No ads, lots of puzzles, the best free crossword app ever
The WSJ puzzle now runs 6 days a week with standard 15x15 puzzles Monday-Friday and a Sunday-style themed puzzle on Saturday. Also, the Friday puzzle is a contest puzzle with rotating constructors. Meta wizard Mart Gaffney has one every other Friday.  For some reason, the clue for the contest answer is not placed in the info section of the puzzle, but is included on the WSJ crossword site.
Huge boxes. Why are there huge boxes. I can't play the game because I cannot see the entire board.
Lots of American clues for American people which sucks if you're not...American.
Please fix white text on light grey background. Then 10 stars!
Clue boxes too big
Great app.  Love that you get new great crosswords every day
Gets me a bunch of crosswords to keep the brain active.
Love these I'm glad I can still get on my iPhone Thanks
Didn't work.
This is the best crossword puzzle app. There is.  It downloads puzzles everyday.
This is the best crossword app I could find.
Clue size is way too big. Resize doesn't stick.
I enjoy working crossword puzzles on this app.
But need more sources that aren't so horribly religious.
Works ok. Very reliable.
Best crossword app I have found
Best adfree unlimited crossword puzzle app
Easily the best crossword app for Android.
Best crossword app available!
My daily go to app
Does what it says on the tin.
Excellent
Get good scrub
Best crossword app on the market
Great job
Great thanks
Fun

Latest update crashes in clues mode almost instantaneously. And zoom in  view of letters in clues mode seems broken also. This app has saved my sanity over many sleepless nights, so please fix. Also, disabling swipe to delete / archive no longer works, and a significant number of crosswords no longer download. This app is less fun every day
I used to love this app. Now with the latest release I get a consistent crash anytime I'm in the "clues" mode and try selecting a square on the puzzle at the top. Also the zoom behavior is different. It doesn't remember my last zoom settings requiring me to fix them every time I launch the app. Please fix for 5 stars again.
This was my absolute favorite app until the last update. The zoom function is all over the place and most of the settings don't work. The dates are all wrong in on the download screen (for example, today would say Friday the 17th, when it is actually the 18th) and most of the weekend, large-format puzzles (which I prefer) are not downloading. Hoping for a fix soon!!!!
Love this app, but with the new update it's crashing all the time. Just tried playing a puzzle and it crashed three times in a row. Was entering answers in the clue view. Previously entered answers were not saved when it crashed. Super annoying!
I like the zooming that (I think) is new to this latest update. I would still like to have a dark mode that minimizes the white space on the screen from the keyboard and clues areas. But hard to complain too much about a free app that I use almost daily.
Still my favorite crossword app on any platform only problem is many sources no longer work. Please work on getting back la times calendar Sunday puzzle and Washington post puzzler pretty please!
It's daily crossword.  Could use some polish.  For example my keyboard doesn't quite fit. Also pressing delete should delete the last thing I pressed, not the letter I moved to.
Problems seem to be resolved! I loved and used this app for years, but it developed bugs that were not fixed. Almost gave up but in the last few days the new version seems to have resolved them. Would encourage you to give it a try!
With the last update, the app crashes so often that I can't make any progress. Before that though, I really enjoyed the app, use it every day to kill time. Usually works great. Looks good too.
Used to be great. Now daily downloads are iffy at best, while some puzzles fail to download at all. Sizing is completely erratic and reverts to a tiny puzzle if the phone is moved or left to time out. I am hoping another update is forthcoming to deal with some of the issues.
I use this everyday; serious time waster. I have never had any issues, because bugs are usually fixed before they ever cause problems for me.
Awesome app, but why have the permissions changed? I don't see why it needs to know my identity, unless my details are being sold to third parties... And you want my pictures?
New version looks great but I get occasional crashes when correcting a misspelled word and then all my progress is lost.
The latest update (01 Sept 2015) no longer allows zooming out to fit the entire puzzle width on the screen of my smartphone device. Even the 'zoom to fit screen" function does not work to properly fit the puzzle to the screen.
Fixed problem of settings not holding. Is now snapping to next word and error highlighting properly. Nicer graphics, too. Thanks.
With this last update, it takes more than a minute to open -- even with auto downloads off -- then crashes & force closes when I try to scroll down list of puzzles or try to open one.  Very frustrated & missing my puzzles!
Stopped giving me my NYT subscription crossword puzzle and no longer gives me the wall street journal on Friday. No one to ask about the issues either. Used to be awesome.
The app forgets the zoom level and resets back to "normal" every time I reenter a puzzle - very annoying when doing large Sunday puzzles.
My friends all call me an old man but I love killing time with this app. It's become a part of my morning routine.
I love this app and have used for many years , but it is now totally unusable due to endless crashes.
This is the best crossword app on the planet. I've tried all the other apps and this one blows the rest away.
Used to love this app. It is the best crossword app I have had.  I gave it 3 stars because I still can't seem to get Premier Crosswords (updates Sunday) to download. I checked the settings,but that isn't the problem. Please fix.      LG G3
I have used this app for 4 years, now the new update makes it crash and I don't like the new layout. Guess it's time to look for a new crossword app
Have always loved shortyz until latest update. Please please please fix. Not able to use. Due to crashing.
It also says September 5th is a Sunday but it's Saturday.
You've fixed the little things that were bugging me. Thanks for the excellent app!
I love this app but first LA Times Sunday puzzle disappeared and now with WSJ puzzle changes there are no WSJ puzzles. I sent an email to developer but no response. Lose 1 star. I use Samsung Note 4.
Doesn't work since last update. It used to be a great app.
Brilliant app, which was unfortunately rendered unusable by the recent update due to constant crashes...
Love this app but latest update is a disaster.  Keeps crashing on startup.
I like it a lot, but after using for one day it has crashed and will not allow play. Uninstall-reinstall does not help. I have a Samsung Galaxy S3, Android 4.4.2.
I have problems downloading new puzzles since this last update. Some of the every day puzzles won't download into the list. Could this be because the puzzle downloader is wrong on its day of the week? It thinks Sept 27th is Monday, when it's actually Sunday. All days are off like this. .
Default zoom and 'zoom reset' are only 8 cells wide on my phone.  Zooming out only gets to 10 cells wide before hitting the limit.
No more crashing on my android.  It is still the best crossword app I've found.  Thank you!  I don't like that the puzzles keep disappearing.  I would be willing to pay to get some back.  Brain food!
Solid app, love the redesign. But please, for the love of all things, stop sending updates that clobber my NYT credentials
Been using this app for a long time, but after latest update, having same problems as everyone else that has complained on here. Constant crashing without saving progress. Apparently, you don't care about the satisfaction of your customers or you would have fixed the problem by now. If I could have given 0 stars, I would have. Fix the problem or you will end up with no subscribers.
The latest updates made this app very hard to use . Can hardly choose a crossword.
I love this app!  Thanks for such a great job! A strong black coffee and Shortyz is how I start my day. Excellent! Samsung Galaxy S5
With latest update when I open a crossword, the keyboard section displays but the area above it where the puzzle should be is all black. Like the app. Will change rating when fixed.
Worthless, downloads games without my permission and then they don't even open correctly.
I have downloaded this on every tablet and phone that I've used for at least 4 years. I love it. Keep up the good work!
Where did all the good puzzles go??? My wall street journal is gone and I'm not getting LAT!!!! I love this app for the quality of puzzles except I'm not getting them!
Hands down best crossword app on the store. Developer is back making great updates too!
Would be five stars but the WSJ Friday puzzle had stopped downloading
Love this app but with the new fix doesnt fit to screen any more. Booooooooo!
Latest update killed it.
Continually crashes...
New puzzles are not downloading anymore.
I absolutely love this app...used it for eons. Thanks!
Thanks
Awesome app! Keep up the good work!
Great daily crossword app
Long time user. Doesn't respond to taps on individual boxes very well, especially on the left side of the puzzle. It also seems like the calibration is off - I often end up hitting the back arrow when trying to tap the upper left box. Also, I'm somehow deleting puzzles that I'm currently working on. Never had that happen before and not sure how I'm doing it.
This crossword puzzle app DOES work with my KitKat OS, while 123CW failed to display an onscreen keyboard or work with my bluetooth Zagg Keyboard.  Good landscape display on my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 also.  The layout is just fine, and not hard on my eyes.  Also, it pulls the Washington Post puzzles and others for free, while 123CW makes them premium content.  Best app.  Hope this helps.
It has a great selection of puzzles and I like how it updates daily. However, you can't see the entire puzzle at once and instead have the keyboard taking up half the screen. It should work more like words with friends, where you can zoom in on a section of the board or view the entire board at once. The keyboard should hide while you view the whole puzzle, and then pop up when you want to type.
First off let me say that the dev is among the best. Communicates well, works fast and tries his best to please. And that's for a free app. The companies making money should learn from him. As to the app itself, it's the best crossword app. I tried every one I could find. Shortyz beats them all. Abd that was the old version. The update just improved it across the board. Kudos
Have used this app for over a year now. every once in awhile there has been a slight "bump in the road" with an update bringing a small glitch. never had it made the app unusable or even made me enjoy it much less.. but a new update is usually quick behind to set things back to great!
This is the BEST crossword app ever!  You can archive or download specific puzzles from ANY past date you choose! Plus, there are so many options to choose from. It's the greatest crossword app I've ever used! I've had it ever since I got my first Android a long long time ago & it's one of the first apps I install when getting a new phone! I love it!
I have used it for quite some time, but the latest (Android, running on One Plus One) version has at last two bugs. When a crossword is partially or fully competed and you go back to the main page, the crossword is not often saved. For example, I just finished a crossword, and the main page showed 3% completion. The second problem is that the crossword is randomly resized to a smaller version and it's hard to work with it. Otherwise, it has been a workhorse for me and I've been a happy user.
The puzzles are good ones, but I have three issues that keep it from being 5-star.  *Fix the sensitivity problem on the puzzle squares. *Make a back button for use after accidentally switching to clues list. *Save stats with finished puzzles. By the way, I LOVE this app. That's why I want to see it improved. It could be my favorite app of all time.
I've used it for months. Don't know if this is the best place to report this bug. Recently had to back up all puzzles, about 6 months worth, then reset phone to factory reset and reload the app. Copied all cw files back and they appeared fine. Played about 12 of them, the did CLEANUP, and it wiped them all except the ones I'd downloaded after the reset.
I especially like being able to download old puzzles. However downloading them 1 at a time is tedious, it would be cool if the developer added the ability to download a range... like all LA times from 1/1/2009 thru 1/1/2014.   One more thing I don't like is that the keyboard doesn't let you type in numbers which are seeming to show up in puzzles these days
*EDIT* I recently upgraded from a Galaxy S3 to an S6 Edge. I used to use this app on a daily basis on the S3, but it is now nearly unplayable on the S6. I am unable to choose squares for words within any given puzzle. It's as if the game just hangs. I hope there is a fix soon, as I really miss playing! This is/was a 5 star app when it is working.
My favorite game app--used daily on Samsung phone, and Samsung, Nexus and Nextbook tablets--until the last update. Hate it now. Unwieldy settings...most of which don't work most of the time. App won't register puzzles as completed; delete function doesn't work; sometimes it won't download day's puzzles. What a mess. Where can I download an old version of what was one of the Play Store's best app?
Seriously, the main reason I was using this app was because of the black background.   Not cool, man.  Give us an option to at least invert the scheme.  Also give an option to disable swipe.  I've deleted dozens of puzzles on accident.  It is way too touchy.
I've been a fan of your app for a while now but I gotta say, I don't like the new changes. It has nothing to do with the new look. This version just doesn't work as well. If I touch my puzzle list wrong I delete the puzzle completely and have to redownload and restart it. Every time I open the app I have an old People magazine puzzle(that I remember from months ago) that pops up at the top of my list, and no matter how many times I delete it, it's back the next time I open it. Too many bugs.
The problems that vexed me most have been fixed. I am even getting used to the new keyboard. New problem: some puzzles disappear from the list after I select the next in line. Today, it was the Newsday and USA Today puzzles. Also, an old problem: NYT Classic puzzle dated 11/25/1998 keeps being put on the list. Not each day but from time to time.
Used to be great. The last overhaul is very buggy: "download all" doesn't download all from that day. New York Times Classic always downloads the same one no matter what. Swipe action defaults to delete so lost a bunch of puzzles inadvertently. Keyboard buffers up and then sends multiple keystrokes. Can I go back to previous version please?
Unlike others, I actually like the new material design - kudos for keeping it consistent with Lollipop.  Also, good job fixing the delete issue. Small issues are the download date picker doesn't show the day of the week, and the keyboard doesn't allow number entries  (this has prevented completion of a couple of crosswords). Much larger issue is that square selection seems to be hypersensitive - the slightest sideways movement as you tap is interpreted as a pan rather than a select.  Using a Galaxy S6.
Still beats all others. For some reason the boxes with wrong letters are not red anymore so if you finish a puzzle it will not complete unless you use the solve puzzle. Also I miss the directional arrows.
I love that I get to use my phone's keyboard on the app! That makes playing perfect! Please allow for a dark theme in the puzzle page so it isn't blinding to look for a puzzle. (white is just ugly anyway). Thanks for having the best crossword app there is!!!
Still my preferred Crossword app for ages. BUT  buggy lately. Won't download specific puzzles (always downloads ALL). Panning and zooming is weird. And I REALLY miss the next clue button!!! Put Enter/next clue back on the custom keyboard with arrows PLEASE. and the more recent keyboards have been harder to type on.
The software keeps our stats somewhere internally so it can report to Google Play games. But there is no way for us to see them. Give us an interface that shows us our own stats, please. Also, at least give us some clue as to what the last 5 Google play games achievements are. Finally, if we are using show errors mode, find a way that mis-types don't count as hinted boxes.  And if we start a puzzle in show errors mode, how about giving us a warning box to switch it back to hide errors before starting.
Like the new look and feel.  Downgraded due to problems when puzzles include numbers in the puzzle.  As did the la times on 1/11/15 mp3, omega3 ... please fix so native keyboard can enter digits
Its okay. You'll get thru the crossword but the app gets in your way. No skip to next clue. Clues view has no way of identifying which boxes are filled or not. You have to manually check each one.
I love this app so much I've kept it, but it hasn't worked right since I got my s6 in April 2015. What doesn't work is that I can't select a box by tapping, so I have to use arrows to move everywhere. Please fix. I've tried changing to other crossword apps, but I like this one the best.
I was really enjoying this app, but after the last update it crashes whenever I try to exit from a puzzle and return to the page with the puzzle list. All progress on the puzzle is lost in the crash. I also dislike the new white keyboard. If the crashes are not fixed I will have to uninstall. UPDATE: The crashes seem to be fixed, so I'm giving it 4 stars. Will be 5 when there is an option for a dark keyboard. This is a really nice app.
This app was great initially, now no matter what position I attempt to use it in, landscape or portrait, the board zooms out, which makes it very frustrating. Additionally, I have made no changes to my settings and I am having to manually go in and download puzzles that were previously automatically downloaded. I am thinking seriously about deleting this, as it is more frustrating then fun anymore...
it's a good program, but a touch which is very easy to do casually will DELETE a crossword, so u lose ALL UR PROGRESS on it. This is awful programming and it's honestly embarrassing to see. Clean this up and u will have a good game, c'mon
I have been using this app since 2012 when I entered the smartphone world. Love it, but for the past week or so the Washington Post puzzle hasn't been downloading, which isn't the biggest deal because I have a subscription but when I get stuck I finish the puzzle on this app (because I can cheat). Please fix, other than that: great app.
I prefer the older version style, but w/e. My main issues are with actual problems: force close when I try to open a context menu, and puzzles don't always save filled clues from the previous time I worked on them. Running ICS on LG Optimus G.
Great app, however the latest update has gotten a visual makeover that is bad. The keyboard is gone leaving floating letters and the light grey progress word under the clues is almost unreadable. Don't update if you have it installed.
I strongly recommend it. The new updates aren't too bad, either. I do have issues with two changes: I much prefer the previous keyboard layout to the current one, and I dislike that only puzzles for the current day are downloaded automatically. I don't always have time for the app every day, but whenever I can, I try to catch up on backlog. Having to go through and manually update any day I missed opening the app is frustrating. EDIT: expand the scroll bar to be useful again.
This new look overhaul is horrible.  All white keyboard and background makes this app start to drain battery very quickly.  Not to mention the assault on the eyes (for a moment I thought this was a flashlight app).  Without the option to change the color theme to something like blue or black, this app has become unplayable.  Will soon delete, which is a shame because I used to run this app multiple times a day.
I like the app but it's way too easy to delete puzzles, it keeps thinking a tap is a swipe. I would recommend the swipe function bringing up a menu rather than deleting maybe? Cause it's annoying when you're far along and accidently delete
I like the new look. Change is refreshing. Always appreciated that the developer doesn't ignore this app. Hoping for a dark theme. Downgrading my rating because the word direction randomly changes which is incredibly annoying.
This app needs to have the "swipe to delete puzzle" function removed. I dont know how many times I've gone to fill a square in the top left, accidentally clicked the back arrow and permanently deleted my current puzzle in one second with a tiny accidental swipe . This is very frustrating. Just keep the "clean up" feature, it does everything I need!
I'm not sure why the author fixed something that wasn't broken. Default keyboard is annoyingly bright and difficult to navigate. Switching the keyboard is glitchy. Like other reviewers have stated, it's far too easy to accidentally delete puzzles.  The old design simply worked.
There are only a few minor things keeping me from giving five stars: 1) Too easy to scroll when selecting a box (needs a "drag length" setting) 2) Pressing "back" dismisses the KB, so another is needed to exit. 3) Puzzle management is too complicated. 4) Needs option to download puzzles from every date since that of latest downloaded puzzle (or download once/day, even when app not opened).
I understand sleeker design and such. but I'd really love if the key board brought back the lines around the letter, like when it used my phone's keyboard design. Also, maybe not a white. I find that I get lost between puzzle and keyboard. Just a n it picky thing.
This would be a 5* app if the author would make some changes to the download option.  Instead of downloading for a certain day, make it so that you can download by source and date range.  My favorite puzzle was the People magazine puzzle.  The download feature no longer finds that particular puzzle on any days.  Getting tired of manually having to switch through everyday to find the puzzles.
I keep tapping on a crossword to select it and begin but the swipe-to-delete is too touchy and sometimes i end up deleting a crossword that i am either about to begin or continue. Very very annnoying. Sometimes, if it aint broke, dont fix it!!!!!!!!!!!!
I get random system freezes sometimes in the middle of a crossword. Not too life shattering, but when I get the system back up I've lost all progress.
I have used this app for many years and never had any problems. The latest update makes practically the entire screen white though and it's like staring at a flashlight. I usually play at night so it's especially bothersome.
Mistyped keys shows up as hinted.  Accidentally hitting a wrong key on a correctly completed section then re-correcting it shows it as a hinted box.  I am uninstalling this puzzle. It's to easy to hit the wrong key on a 1" by 2" touch keyboard.
App will crash the whole system randomly while completing a puzzle. After reboot of the device, all progress is lost. Don't have this issue on my nexus 4. Otherwise this app is absolutely great.
Worked great until update where puzzle download button was moved to the bottom right corner. Now it downloads all the puzzles even if I only select one e.g. USA today. Also when I delete puzzles it sometimes deletes the wrong one.
On my Samsung Galaxy S5. I luv crosswords! Having trouble on my new phone getting it to show errors, so i can learn.
After the update I can't delete puzzles... Fixable? I think the older program had a more efficient use of space. Update seems to waste more space. I'm using an LG g3 phone. FOLLOW UP: Major problems all fixed! I use this every day! Love it! And a very responsive app maker!
I'm on a Nexus 9 and this thing freezes my tablet about every third time I use it. None of the buttons work and it requires a reboot, only to come back and nothing has been saved in the puzzle. Hopefully the developer will see this because its a nicely designed app otherwise.
Unable to get the People Magazine Puzzle to install new puzzle. Always comes up as being red. Tried to uninstall then reinstall but still have the same issues.....Please fix this issue.
I have used this amazingly addictive app for many years, on many phones, and love it immensely. However, since getting my new phone (LG G2) the hint highlighting has not worked, which is quite irksome, as that feature has always made it so much easier (than standard handwritten crosswords) for me to learn new things. I feel like the highlighting has made me an overall better crossword player (even though it is cheating-but, hey, I'm learning). Thank you for this app and all the work continually put into it.
This update was the worst thing ever. I can't download the new puzzles, I hate the colors because they make it hard to figure out where things are. Rollback please. Now that I have the older version back, much happier!
This was the best crossword puzzle app ever. Then a major overhaul update came. I'm not crazy about the look of it now, but I don't care about that. It constantly crashes now. Sometimes for no reason at all, but every single time I hit the menu button on my phone to access settings or a much needed hint, it crashes. When it crashes, I lose all current data. Sorry, man, you fixed what wasn't broken.
Love the app, hate the new keyboard. It's more difficult to type and the screen is way too bright at night, even with my brightness at the lowest setting. Would be great without the bright white keyboard and floating letters.
The best one I have found so far. I hate the fact that it records letters I mistype as "hinted"... I'm using a touch screen. If it wasn't for autocorrect no one would be able to read this. I'd give 5 stars if they removed the hinted thing.
I love Shortyz, had it for years. On my current platform/phone, pressing the native menu key leads the program to crash. As such I can't change any settings, get hints, check errors when the board is full but still reads 99% complete, or really do anything other than fill in clues. It's a huge bummer. Please fix!
While the new version is nice, I prefer the old version because it was a dark theme and the new one is white and bright which is a horrible battery drain and difficult to read because of the lack of contrast ... I also HATE the new keyboard! Give us the option of a dark mode and I'll up my rating.
Kudos to the dev, this is the best free crossword app that I've seen. Nice selection of free xwords with a range of difficulties. Highly recommended. Seems to have some trouble with grid selection since I upgraded to a galaxy s6.
Was going to rate it higher till it wouldn't download USA TODAY CROSSWORD any more. What gives?
Love this app, but I'm having one issue: recently changed to an LG G3 phone and now I no longer get the pink highlighting when use an incorrect letter.  Doesn't matter what I the option to in the settings, either.
newest version crashes any time i try to adjust settings (lg spectrum 2, android 4.1.2); plz fix this & i'll rate 5 stars! otherwise it's the best crossword app out there.
Lost two stars because I previously had a Galaxy Fascinate which would not allow the latest updates on this app. Recently got a new S6 and got the app again because I really loved it an used it most every day. Some problems now. First, the highlight errors will not work. I see in settings where you can turn them on or off, but it doesn't work. The second is, and I am not sure if it is not working or had been deleted with the update, but before I could touch the clue or "Box" that I wanted to enter text into, now that feature seems to be missing. The combination of these two things make it much less enjoyable. Does anyone have a fix or is it possible to revert to older version?
Overall loved the app before update. I have to tap things multiple times now and playing for time is impossible. I have Samsung Galaxy.
My only problem with the program is that it randomly zooms out, and I can't get it to zoom in.
Have played this game for years. Like many, I dislike the new version, but I learned to live with it. So, why the one-star? Because the game simply refuses to work on my new Note 4 running Lollipop. I can enter a word or two, but then when I try to select another word, the app refuses to respond. I tried installed version 3.3.15, but that had the same issue. This is really too bad - there are no alternative crossword apps out there. If the author is not going to maintain the app, he should then release to code to the public so that others can take over maintenance responsibilities.
Thanks for your latest update (Nov. 2014). This app has many great features, and we appreciate your continous improvements. One bug from this last update was fixed as I was writing this - fast work! Now, if you can just make the in-app keyboard better, I will happily give you 5 stars. I have small hands and fingers, but still miss the correct letter as often as I hit it. Since I really like the app feature which keeps track of errors (which I rarely make), typing errors are frustrating as well as time-consuming. Looking forward to this fix. Thanks again!
Best crossword app, but doesn't work on Samsung s6. Freezes and I can't tap to a new location. Pls fix, otherwise this is a great game.
Keyboard no longer appears on gingerbread.  If you select the native keyboard the crossword occupies less than 1/3 of the screen!  Curse you automatic updates!  It was working fine before the update.
Have there been changes with the Washington Post puzzles? I've not been able to download any since 18 Feb. Otherwise, this app is the best free crosswords app out there.
I usually would get the daily paper for crosswords but often times, they've either run out or I forget to bring a pen. I've been using this app a lot because finding newspapers aren't exactly convenient. This app is my favourite of all the others in the Play Store! It also saves paper as I don't read much news anyway.
I like this app, and the features work for me. The only reason I need the swipe to delete function, is because two puzzles keep downloading again and again. Not every time, but I think on Mondays. People Magazine "Fierce and Fabulous" and New York Times Classic, a Wednesday puzzle from 1998, I think. Fix this glitch and you can easily do away with the swipe to delete feature (or you could add a confirmation button to appease the slippery fingers).
I play this all the time. I recently upgraded my phone to the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Now when I choose a square in which to enter a letter it does not respond. I have to double check tap to move to the square.
This crosswords app is pure and simple, with very clean design. And it's free with no ads! I'm not sure how the author makes money but I'm loving it.
I love doing crosswords and this app is perfect.  You can choose which crosswords get downloaded daily and there's also a setting that will let you know when you've entered a wrong letter.
This Robert Cooper guy is great. The transition to material design was mildly bumpy but he kept us updated as he fixed things and now imho the app is perfect. Love love love it.
I love the selection of crosswords on the app. However, I usually complete a few puzzles a day and my Achievements never records them. Kind of sucks I don't get the points...
I was having a problem with the grid always gping back to miniature, but that stopped happening, so now Ingive this appmfive stars - puzzle solving made easy. Thanks!
It could be amazing, but it has a few annoying quirks - the swipe to delete feature! What the heck! Half the time it opens the puzzle. Also, it's impossible to delete puzzles in the archives
Navigating the puzzle was clunky at times. I'm not a fan of the general layout of the puzzle/keyboard. The settings are nice and give you the ability to customize.
What's up with the same People magazine and New York Times Classic puzzles downloading all the time? This has been going on for months now. Just wondering
Overall, this is far and away the best crossword app I've found for Android. However, every time it updates it pulls "Fierce & Fabulous" from People Magazine, even though I finished it over a week ago. I emailed support and got no response. Also, there are occasional clues which will have a "refer to note above", but there's no way I can determine to find said note.
This is the best crossword app however my reveal button in the help menu doesn't work as well as the show hint. I can't figure out any reason for this and want to know after I've completed a puzzle if I actually got the answers correct. Please fix for 5 stars!
Clean, smooth interface, simple yet customizable. Many free daily puzzles, plus options to archive and to download more from previous days. Also, it's free! Only way it could be better would be an option for dark background with light text, just to save on battery :)
I'd rather everything saved within the app, than the app downloading external .puz files to my phone. I did not expect this, but then again did not read the READ MORE... Very difficult to accurately tap on my 5in phone.
While there's a few minor things that could be improved, though I can't think of them offhand, it still gets 5 Stars. I base the rating on hard facts. I've literally spent thousands of hours, solving thousands of puzzles. It might even border on an Addiction. I use the App daily & (without trying to brag) have become quite the expert at Crosswords. I like that when I'm bored & solved all the new puzzles, I can download old 1's. Currently, I've gone all the way back to mid-2012!
No Washington post in a few weeks, nyt classic is the same puzzle each time I download. I still like the app and recommend it, just would like to know the story with the missing puzzles.
Best crossword puzzle app bar none. Developer is very quick to push updates to fix crashes if they are reported.
My only complaint is this strange little bug that prevents you from typing in the first word highlighted. I have to tap the next, then go back to the original. Weird!
Have always enjoyed this app, but it crashes on Android 5.1. Kicks me back to the puzzle select screen when I type anything.
Been a most-used app for me for years; overall love the update with two reservations: it is to easy to swipe away puzzles when trying to open them/open them when trying to swipe them away, and I desperately want a dark keyboard option.
Love the app for my android device.   However, I recently upgraded to an Ipad and had no idea that there was not a comparable app from Shortyz for IOS...    Boo Hiss....
I've  played a few games but can't  tell if I actually got them all right. The reveal button is grayed out. I even deliberately made a couple of answers wrong to see if I could use the reveal button but I still couldn't  use it. There could at least be something to indicate that you got them all right/wrong but nope...nothing. And the help button was is no help.
I still love the app, but the new white keyboard is harder for me to work with. Would prefer a return to the previous keyboard. Thanks for all the time you put into this app. It is much appreciated.
A great app but a few weeks ago it stopped pulling down the WaPo puzzles. Something changed. Hope the next update will address this.
I'm not sure what they were thinking with this last major update but the keyboard is horrible. Its now just a big field of gray with no delineation between control areas or keys.
The app works great on my Galaxy S5 Sport but on my Galaxy Tab S the screen response is a bit laggy and it doesn't zoom to fit screen in tablet landscape mode.
Unlike the thieving dirtbags over at Magmic, this app works smoothly and doesn't steal your money. Best way to do NY Times crossword.
Way too easy to "trash" a puzzle you're working on with an errant swipe. Also some puzzles include numbers in the answer grid, which you can't type in using current interface.
Most of the puzzles I do are at night to wind down before I go to bed. I would love an option to invert the colors to make it easier on the eyes.
It's a great app when it works. It freezes my new Nexus 9. Maybe it doesn't like Lollipop. Please fix it. No other crossword app compares.
6/18/15: Have not been able download puzzles in the last few days. Working fine till now. Phone: LG 4G. Thanks
All the other crossword aid feel very dated, but this one is pretty current in terms of design. The menus need a little bit more work to make them more user friendly. It should be quick and simple to browse, download, and erase puzzles from different sources. The puzzles themselves are very attractive and eat to use.
I keep deleting crosswords by mistake because it's so easy to swipe them off screen. Big step back for an otherwise great app.
This app is by far my favorite puzzle app. Issues seem to be resolved!
Shift to material design theme has made it even better. The only area I can think of for functional improvement is a way to enter numbers in addition to the standard 26 character alphabet, since there was a recent puzzle that had the number '3' in 16 boxes
It downloads puzzles and plays perfectly. The features I use work. I didn't care for some of the defaults but you can change them, luckily. It would be nice to see the puzzle name above the clues, sometimes that helps in solving things. I'd like to change the background color in the puzzle list. Both are nearly white and difficult to read. Also, I've never seen a date sort work. My guess is that it sorts on the day you downloaded the puzzle and not the puzzle's release date. Hmm, possible update items?  Update: I touched a puzzle to open it and I saw the puzzle move to the right and off the screen. I was almost done with that puzzle, but could no longer it find it anywhere. So I began swiping the other puzzles and they too disappeared. I found a few in archive and swiped them again and poof, gone. What happened to them? I don't know, but now I'm mad and removed this program.
Four stars only because some puzzles cannot be solved due to the fact that they require numbers (e.g. "3MARTINI"), which the app does not accept. Please add this functionality because this is absolutely the BEST crossword puzzle app out there and it deserves five stars! Great job!
I had to transfer my data to another model and now when I unselect the hint option (or even if select it) I get no pink boxes. Galaxy S5 Sport. Please fix then I'll go back to five starring!
Formatted phone, let it restore apps, setup Gmail and Photos and went for a 2 hour drive - accidentally leaving my data enabled. Checking my phone, Shortz, which I have yet to even open let alone play, had used nealy 1 MB of data in background. No thank you, as I watch what happens in BG and my carrier charges me for data usage. Uninstalled.
Never locked up on me even after spending hours on it. Can download past puzzles making it a non stop source of puzzles. Like how I have a next clue button. Handwriting feature could be nice. Liked it better when it was a dark screen tho, could have a "night mode" option.
Thks for free app. Some input: Puzzle could be much larger and keyboard smaller - not easy to see....
LA Times puzzle for August 25 had a completely nonsensical answer for 1 across.  The puzzle had FINI  the answer when it should have been DADS.  Programming error maybe?
Crosswords are a come and go obsession of mine and this app really works well
I use this app daily. It is constantly changing to keep up with all the new devices that keep coming out.  I know without a doubt that any bugs that are properly reported will be resolved in a matter of days. I trust this app will be around for years.
Upside down or right side up, no matter which direction i hold my table, the letter S gets entered by some ghost. The wrong answers are hurting my experience.
Love this app, but since upgrading to S6 you cannot tap on the letterboxes to relocate cursor...  Actually you can,  you just need to tap 4 or 5 times for it to take.
On my ASUS Zenfone 2, with a 1080x1920 resolution display and Android 5.0 Lollipop, the app interface is cut off at the top right and I am unable to tap the three-dot menu button. Please address display scaling issue. Also I am running a DPI/PPI of 403(1:1 for a 1080p, 5.5" screen)
Except that it crashes on LG optimus f7 android 4.1.2 when i try to go to settings. Works fine on my lg volt android 4.4.2.
Enjoyable indeed! Thank you. Of course, no fault of the developer(s). We have been experiencing puzzles with many typos.
I love it. It's the best crossword app there is. BUT!!! It keeps running, using memory, and when I force close, it won't work when I open it again. Had to reinstall.
I use this app several times every day and have for the last few years. I even donated. The developer use to respond to comments but now he doesn't. I don't know what is up with that. Everybody is complaining about the new keyboard and the new color scheme being too bright. That is not hard to fix. I never even thought of using other crosswords, but this keyboard issue is so bad that I'm starting to look at other crossword apps.
Love the app, but it doesn't seem to register input from my new phone (Galaxy Note 4) consistently. Also, I miss the Post puzzles.
One thing that doesn't come up often, but sometimes editors like to throw numbers into their puzzles. The app currently doesn't support numbers even with native keyboard. Is that possible?
Good. I get a lot of enjoyment from it. A few niggling issues like the keyboard that I don't care for but danged good.
Great basic program but offering only lousy puzzles. Too bad
The combination of your upgrades and my switch to a new tablet has been a step backward. In addition to the legibility and keyboard problems others discuss, I am having real trouble tapping on an individual square and then going there - it can take 5 or 6 taps before anything happens. Did I  miss a setting?
Overall I like the app, but it used to download the boston globe sunday puzzle and now it does not. Any idea how to turn it back on. I have a sbscription so it should work.
This is my absolute favorite app, but I miss the Washington Post puzzles. Any chance we'll get them back? Otherwise, great job and thank you!
Zooms in too far, hate the whole layout. Why mess with a good thing
[12/27] Thank you for updating(reverting) the look of the puzzle board. Will rate back to 5 stars after the keyboard is updated.
Use this app all the time.  Seldom have issues.  Friday WSJ and Chronicle are my favorites.  I also wonder where WA Post puzzles have gone.
I cant describe how great this (free!) app is- I keep running out of comment space. See for yourself! BEST app I have
This used to be my favorite crossword app. Now it's really laggy on my Note 4. To the point it's almost unusable.
I play this app everyday.  All he puzzles come straight from major newspapers. The interface is good, although it would be nice to have a split keyboard.
Game crashes on lg optimus when i tap the menu button, EVERYTIME. Otherwise five stars.
Everything you could need for a crossword app. Turning off the red lettered hints hasn't seemed to work for me.
Great job updating your app - thought it was perfect before lol?! Luv the variety of puzzles and how customizable it is. Nothing negative here Shortyz ROCKS!
Won't open; Receive "unfortunately Shortyz has stopped" error msg EVERY time i open the app!
Well done. The best crossword app. But please fix the keyboard! The new one is bad.
It said I could do my NY Times crossword but it doesn't give me an opportunity to do it nor any instructions. How can I use it for my Times subscription?
Love this app. I wish the archives would work though. Not a huge fan of the swipe to delete being so sensitive and accidentally deleting puzzles I haven't started.
Where's has Washington post gone? It was my favorite now it's gone, anyone else have this problem?
Puzzles won't download anymore and any progress on previously downloaded puzzles is not saved.
When you have finished 77% of a New York Times Sunday puzzle only to have the app crash and have to start over, you uninstall the app.
Several puzzles are now gone over the last couple of days.
Kudos to the dev for the updated UI and added achievements. I really like being able to select which crosswords I receive, and when to get rid of them.
Go back to the old format, please! ! It seems that the keyboard is too touchy. Using stylus or fingers the letters hesitate and then sometimes duplicate the letter and cause incorrect words. Also the puzzles don't correctly fit the screen and it tends to jiggle when I'm entering words. Using samsung G5
Working again since I updated my OS, and looks even better.
Gives me a nice interface for the Times and lots of other good sources . Why I only gave four stars before is a mystery. Fixed that.
Nice that you can load up a few weeks worth while online then have them available when you're in airplane mode.
It was great until after the "overhaul" update, now it keeps deleting puzzles when click on them. WTH
Or at least the old keyboard.  Otherwise, definitely the best crossword app I've used.
Oh noooo! No more Washington Post puzzles? Bummer!
I don't know what's going on, the app won't load anymore. Please fix this!!!
Tried uninstall and reinstall, and app remains a blank white screen. Please fix! Noticed this problem 12/23/14.
Using Samsung tab s 8.4" and the grid is WAY too small in portrait or landscape view!!!!!!!
What happened??  Love 6he app but WP was my favorite as you don't get the NY TIMES
Love this app but would like to see the DOW back for the downloads since I choose by day.   Thanks!
Can you option to inverted color? (black instead of white) going to have to uninstall. Sorry.
This app works, has a great sampling of puzzles, is very easy to use. Replaces the paper.
Been using it over a year, I think, never any problem!
I have used this app for several years and it continues to be my favorite crossword source.
I hadn't played in several months and was pleasantly surprised at some of the upgrades. Great APP!
Was the best crossword app before the Washington post puzzle disappeared.
Crashing issues seem to have been fixed.
Every time I load it, I get a message that my SD card cannot be found. Nexus 7 second gen.
Half the time you can't get a row or column selected correctly.
I use this app to do at least one puzzle per day. It's extremely entertaining, well-designed, and best of all, free!
New crosswords every day! I wish they would make their app available for the Windows store as my new tablet is not Android.
Very little contrast. Bad for old eyes.
Love this app! Super simple and easy to use. I love that you can download  older ones too so you're not limited to what's new today
Love this app, but my favorite crossword, the Washington Post, disappeared in mid Feb.
Love the app  one issue tho..lately the # of hinted letters is off  I have revealed one letter and the stats says 3 revealed
Amazing crossword app. I'm still surprised it's free as I would happily pay for it.
Only way to improve it would be ability to sync between my devices.
Washington post crosswords stopped downloading, onion crosswords as well.
I'm hooked and never playing another crossword puzzle game ever again! LOL ðŸ˜
Aggregates all the best Crossword sites and NYT integration makes it even better!
Is there any way to get rid if the completed puzzles  only on clean up.
You have to keep tapping and tapping the screen to get it to do anything; 5-8 taps is normal. My phone tapping works, just not here.
What's the issue with the People Magazine puzzle?
I love that it pulls popular puzzles so I get a variety of styles. The interface is very easy to use and I love that I can sort by date or source.
But I'm missing the Washington post puzzles too. :(
Crashes and deletes the puzzle progress halfway through.
No need to look for other crossword apps. This one will have you covered.
Since last update everytime I go into the settings menu the application force closes whatever you did fix it please
Fantastic, lightweight crossword app that has great sources to choose from when downloading new puzzles and an active developer who does a wonderful job.
Love the app two problems, since the updates I miss the dark background and I can't figure out how to unarchive puzzles?
Lots of puzzles to choose from, and more added every day, and not chock full of ads and beg notices.
Hint highlighting not working so no more fun for me.
Great crossword app, but I miss Washington post!
Solid app for crossword puzzles. Switching from clue to clue can be a bit wonky, but I don't know of a better way.
The bright white keeps bed mates up.  Perhaps a reverse screen option?  Great app.
Addictive and well designed app.  Highly recommend for crossword lovers!
Awesome. Does lose the answers I put in sometimes, tho.
To easy too accidentally delete puzzles that you are working on.
Two major flaws: it's set to automatically download a bunch of crosswords the first time you open it and it doesn't actually work for NYT crosswords, you can enter your username/password but then nothing happens. I found one that works for NYT, though: crosswords plus by kevin vajk.
Good ui. Lots of puzzles. Free.
Always downloads all puzzles even though I only select one.
I had this app on my old phone and searched for it bc it was the best one of the bunch. I really dig this game
Best 1 in Google Play store hands down.
Couldn't be happier with this app
access the current days puzzles??? It used to download and save all puzzles indefinitely!
Love that they added Google games integration
How do I get the Reveal feature to work?
No longer receive Washington Post puzzles, as well as others.
This app keeps me sane on flights. Thank you.
Have had this app for a while now and have not had problems with it.
This is the best crossword app out there.
What more could you ask for in a crossword app?
This is the best crossword app, free or paid.
Best one out there. The zoom can be an issue sometimes.
Productive way to pass time and great app.
I love it and use it daily.
Haven't found another crosswords app this good.
The creator frequently updates the app with new ideas and listens to his users.
No good
Finally, classic crossword puzzles, and new ones everyday.
I have b
shortyz  I love it! Great FREE app
I miss the old look.
Great way to kill time.
good puzzles, nice system
Wish the print was a little larger so I can see it better.
Terrific app. Easy to lose hours at a time with this.
ALL
Works well.  Nice interface.
Great app. Lots of options.  Looks great with the new material design overhaul.
Now requires I share on Google+. No thanks. Uninstalling a formerly great pastime.
This is absolutely the best crossword app available on any platform.
Always terrific, but latest interface icing on cake.
Best crossword app!
Love doing crosswords, I use this app everyday.
Wish you could add clear crossword to redo the puzzle....
Best crossword app for Android .
It really is.
Great for passing the time
Fantastic crossword app
Fun app. Highly recommend.
Should be able to type numbers.
One of the best puzzles available
Great app
All of it
Great crossword app
Great crossword app
Great app.
Awesome!
Love this app
Wonderful app
Love it

Crossword puzzles. I do like this app. It is the best of those I have seen. I confess that I feel guilty that it's FREE. Is there a way to donate once in a while? Kind of like a self-imposed fee? I would give this guy at least a dollar now and then! He works very hard on this app!
Developer works surprisingly hard to keep this FREE app up to date. By far the best crossword puzzle app I've found. I've had some problems with it, but honestly the dev is dropping updates all the time. So a good app, great dev, easy to recommend.
I love this app. Since the new look update, I've had a new issue. I tend to tap on a square and then immediately tap it again to change from across to down or vice versa. I basically double tap a lot while moving around. Since the update, about half the time, when I perform this double tap, it's like I triple tapped. Eg, it highlights the row, switches to the column (where it should stop), but after a brief pause, it switches to the row again. Irritating, but not debilitating. Thanks for your hard work!
Has most major crosswords. Good interface. I do several puzzles each day on my tablet. I really like the Material Design update! One complaint about the new update is that swipe to delete is way too sensitive. (Update) Thanks for allowing me to disable swipe.
Since the last update, game keeps stopping and erases all the puzzle that I have done. I use to love it, had it at 4 stars. Now I hate it, wouldnt even give it 1 star if I could. This isnt funny at all. Uninstalling now.
One question: Why does the Fast & Furious puzzle from People Magazine appear everytime I do a download? I have a Galaxy Tab 4 running Kit-Kat. Thanks
Hands down the best crossword app for Android ... and I've tried many. Even my paid sub to NY Times works perfectly. Bravo!
Thanks for working so hard to update, but mine is now broken, with the latest version.
No major gripes with the 4.0.x update, unlike some people seem to have. I like the new look, but would prefer a dark keyboard.
Love the app. Would give it 5 stars except this newest update keeps crashing. Please fix. This is the best crossword app around.
I love this app and the new layout is wonderful but it keeps crashing and progress isn't saved was working yesterday but updated again now it keeps crashing.
I love the app,  great for doing crosswords. Currently It is coming up with a column highlighted and I can't switch to a row.
Does exactly what I want.  Author is very responsive.  Best of all it's free.  What more can you ask for?
Great Dev.  Great app. It's been one of my favorite apps for a long time now.
No other crossword app even comes close!  Recent update is outstanding.
I play every day
Love this app. Lots of puzzles at different levels.
Best crossword app!
Great app. Better dev.
I actually like the new look BUT the slide left/right to delete is too sensitive, I keep deleting puzzles when I try to open them. As well, the NYT classic has been loading the same puzzle for weeks (not sure why), and random crashes happen. I submit the crash reports for those  though.  Overall a fantastic app, and even with these small things, I'd still recommend anyone to try it out
This would have been a five star rating until the new update. I HATE the new look, why did everything have to be white? It is painful for those of us who are light sensitive. Nothing is as intuitive or clean as it used to be and to top it all off it crashes all the time so I can't even use it. Super unhappy with all the changes.
Shortyz has always been the best crossword app available. Simple, clean, mostly Just Works. But the UI has always been the weak point. Kinda slow, out of date, and not really fitting with the rest of android. Now it is gorgeous! Thanks so much for updating the UI and bringing Shortyz into the modern era! I look forward to using this for a long time.
I love the app itself, a great electronic version of crosswords....especially the NYT, which I subscribe to. But I hate the new keyboard, it's tiring and too hard to see. In fairness (I guess), I've hated the design of all the new Materials Design layouts, so maybe this Google's problem?
I loved this app last week. I never experienced crashes and everything downloaded fast and the list of crosswords was perfect and beautiful. The keyboard was beautiful. Now everything is white :( White hurts my eyes even on the dimmest screen setting. The keyboard has no lines to sperate letters, which makes it easier to press the wrong key. The text everywhere is so much harder to read now. I miss the blackness and the buttons.
Crashed three times in the first five minutes since the update. This program has never crashed on me before that I can recall. Sadness
Change for change sake is not a good reason to mess up a good thing. This app is terrible now, the keyboard is too bright, and the app keeps "stopping unexpectedly". This used to be my favorite app, but now it's almost unusable.
Could use a little more contrast (clues are hard to read) and a dark theme, but overall v4 gets a thumbs-up. Suggestion: puzzle size-based achievements.
I loved this app until the update. I hate the new layout. I can't even open the app without it crashing. I'm disappointed that I have to uninstall and find a new crossword app.
I'm still on the fence with the new look but I'm not having the crashes and stability issues others have mentioned. I'm still annoyed that on tablets zoom still maxes out at a puzzle size that is MUCH smaller than the usable area. My rating went from 5 stars to 2 back in Jan 2013 when this issue first became an issue. Almost 2 years later my tablets keep getting bigger which makes my puzzles seem smaller and smaller.
Crash crash crash. Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Can't even scroll though the list. Crash. It was great before but it's nothing now.
Love the new update,  for those complaining about the keyboard,  use your native one. The App feels more modern and developed,  a nice change from the old mid 2000s look.
Love it. And the bugs that came with the major update, seem to be fixed on my device since the last one. Thanks for making my down time more enjoyable.
was a good app. will now remove it as being unplayable with new interface.
The app needed to be updated to match the new style guides, and I, for one, think it looks much better now! Of course there are a few glitches here or there but the developer is responding quickly. I think sheer volume of negative responses demonstrates how many people rely on this app every day, and let's remember it's free without any ads or anything. Let's all be a little more patient when we notice a small issue. I can guarantee the dev won't leave us with a broken app for long (and in my experience it's far from broken)  Further, if you're having an issue with a specific puzzle, I can virtually guarantee it's because that source has changed something.  When that happens this app's dev has always been very quick to respond whenever possible (it's not always within his power).
The app keeps crashing and closing without warning.  This is very frustrating.  Miss the black keyboards and the arrows that used to be on the keyboard. I don't mind it being white, but it would be nice to have the old format back.  Please fix!
Works well and is free. I just wish there was a dark mode since all of the white is blinding
Do not like the new look!! Way too bright and contrasty keyboard hard to read and letters flicker when pushing directional buttons. Bring back the original!!!
I've been using Shortyz for years, and it's never looked better! I'm totally impressed with the thoroughness of the redesignâ€”it's just plain excellent work.
The new keyboard has cut way down on typos and I love the new look.  Thanks for the great app!
I love the new look!
New update causes cashes after deleting old puzzles, also the percentage complete doesn't update when returning to the main menu but i like the new look and everything else
... I have been experiencing an issue. Upon opening a puzzle, the app closes. I am; however, able to reopen the app and then open the crossword. There has only been one that closed the app every time I tried to open it. I also like the new format. Galaxy S4.
I love the new look and feel.  I was getting bored with the old one.  The change is refreshing!
Absolutely loved this app but now the keyboard is so bright. I preferred the darker keyboard. Other than that I really enjoy the app
I loved this app until the latest update but now I am uninstalling it because it has become terrible
Dev does a fantastic job with updates and readily incorporates new features to keep up with Google's standards. High quality app that deserves crossword lovers' attention.
Latest update has left me in the cold. I can't open the puzzles, anymore. I'll have to uninstall. Not happy.
Great app, no issues, countless hours of entertainment.  UPDATE 11/2014: This app still rocks. Great effort on the dev's part to keep it current and fresh.
Looks like most my original complaints are fixed... But now it just force quits!
Love the app.  Any chance you can add statistics?  I'd like to know how many puzzles I've completed, average time, etc.
App was great until the white theme seared my eyeballs out.
This app continues to be, by far, the best crossword app I have seen.  I like the latest update, as far as I can tell it is an overhaul of the interface but is functionally the same as the old version.
Not liking the new update. Also keeps crashing :(
I don't mind the new look, but can we turn off the setting to swipe to delete? I keep accidentally deleting my puzzles.
This is, by far,the perfect crossword app. In fact, Shortyz is honestly the sole reason I don't have an iPhone.
Great app. No ads, which is awesome.
Download a month of puzzles and will stop as I load a puzzle for no reason
Keeps stopping. Very frustrating.
Being able to change keyboard color would be nice. I prefer the "skin" of the previous version.
Particularly like ability to increase clue size.
Keep up the excellent work
The same good crosswords with a better 'feel'.
Great UI update. Great app. Easy to use, challenging to play. Really impressive for a hobby app.
Works smoothly, great look, lots of customization options.
Latest updates make it even better.
Still awesome after all these years.
Still love this app!
Love! Love! Love the overhaul!!
Update: Nov 24- Cant DL new puzzles since update. Nov 22: Still a great xword app. Ive had this app on my phones for 5yrs. When I got a new phone, it would be 1 of 10-15 apps I auto DL. But...... I really dont dont dont  like this new update. Wish I didnt update. Wish there was a way to un-update. Otherwise 5 â˜†s.
+ The new look is great, really shows off material design.  If you don't like the way this looks then you probably won't like android 5.
Loving u again :)
How awful! Key layout is too nebulous (no outline around words) and background is TOO bright. I've had this app for years - and today it's  being uninstalled. The screen shots in the play store are old, so don't trust them.
Loved this app for a long time. The only problem I'm having with the new update is that when I fill in a word in one direction,  say across, when I try to double click another box to change to down, it will wait a second then switch back to across for some reason. Very frustrating and is causing unnecessary errors in my puzzles.
I have had and loved this app for years. This update causes app to crash and not launch on s3 mini running jellybean. If it gets fixed I will up my rating. If not I will be forced to uninstall. So sad.
Liked it fine before update to 4.0. As others have said, hate the new keyboards. Way too bright, don't like the empty style. Main selection screen also too bright and font overly large. Please go back.
I do not like the new layout at all. Is it possible to have an option for a 'night' version that puts the look back closer to what it was? I tend to use this app in bed with the light out and all that white is unpleasant. I want to go back to giving this app 5 stars because I love the puzzles.
I like the UI update. It's not perfect, but it's a big improvement. This app is still the best, easiest way to do crosswords on android, and I use it almost every day.
The overhaul was much needed. The app now looks as good as it works. One thing I'd suggest is changing the shade for the keyboard pop up. As it is, the pop up blends in too much with the keyboard.
The new keyboard layout is outright bland! White and no borders between yhe keys. Please fix this :)
Updated version. The green spot turns out to be the download button but it didn't do anything at all the first 3 times today. I don't like the "white everything" interface even if it does fit Google's policy. And what does "kebernet" mean, Robert? I sent Google off to look for it and found you.
Also zoom is borked.
Droid Maxx.  Please Bring back individual delete (by swipe).  Native keyboard is still black--don't change it.  Opening list of puzzles could be more condensed.  I too like the darker theme as I do puzzles in bed at night.  Otherwise it's the same wonderful kebernet pet app.
Hate this  new update! Clue boxes are too light to see and no outline around the letters on keyboard.  Please change it back
Really missing being able to download previous days puzzles. UPDATE looks like it was a glitch on first launch.
Where is the long press, delete archive functionality?  Also, still cannot download a lot of the weely puzzles. In fact, Jonesin is the only one that downloads. Tried emailing the programmer, but no response. Will change back to 5 stars if i get a response and app is fixed.
The background is way too bright! Especially for us night players. If this is how it's gonna be can you at least give us the option to change it back.
Still a good app, select native keyboard in settings to use preupdate style keyboard. Took several uses before the green download button worked but seems OK now.
Basically doesn't do two of the most basic things a xword puzzle app should be able to do.
Update broke it. Doesn't respond to screen tap on Note4.
They ruined my favorite app!
Won't like it until I can delete the puzzles. Nothing works right. Looks like I need a new crossword app.
Awesome app, have been using it for many months now.
I'm starting to like crossword puzzles thanks to this app.  Great job!
Really well done crossword app!!
Great app. Would love to see the daily commuter puzzle added
Great overhaul. Delete doesn't seem to work on Note II
Play it every day.
Great crossword app!
very nice app
Great update
I have used and loved this app for years, but recently upgraded my phone and it doesn't seem to work properly now. When I tap on a box to enter the solution, the "cursor" doesn't jump there like it should. Sometimes repeated tapping works, sometimes it just doesn't work at all. Please look into this!
I love this app and the puzzles, but recently I've come across one that had a number in two of the answers. My android has only a letter keyboard in-app, so I can't finish the puzzle! Fix this problem and my rating goes back up to 5 stars.
There are tons of puzzles updated daily, the ui is intuitive and easy to navigate and they continue to support older android platforms. Can't recommend the game enough!
Just having problems with getting the larger-format puzzles to download - I've had the Onion AV Club puzzle "downloading" for 3 hours now.
Like another reviewer having the same issue of cursor not responding when I tap a box.  Uninstalled and reinstalled did not fix.  Used to love this app hate to dump it for a different one.
This app works well, has a very flexible interface, and it is very actively maintained. What more could one ask. -- update 3.3.14 problems promptly fixed, thanks.
I really like this app, and I use it all the time. My one complaint is that the NYT Classic puzzles are always the same. I get two. Over and over again. Otherwise, great app.
Longtime user. Great to see an app so well focused on doing one thing well. About the only one I use every day. Using ascii puzzle format ices the cake. Well done!
Worked great till a week ago. Now the letter S on the keyboard doesn't work for any puzzles. Have had to quit using.
Have always loved this app but couldn't download my favorite L.A. Times Sunday crossword puzzle today. Uninstalled and reinstalled but still couldn't download. Please fix this! I so look forward to my Sunday times crossword! Please & Thank you! Samsung galaxy
Great way to kill time. But People Magazine's puzzles keep downloading the same "Fierce and Fabulous" puzzle...every puzzle. Please fix.
Would rate a 5, but I don't have a menu option, nothing to help with this game.  No fun if can't tell if done with puzzle or not.
Promptly fixed the issue where app didn't show up in app menu. Will give 5 stars when I can make the clue text bigger. Droid turbo
Hands down the best crossword app on any OS but new lollipop upgrade made native keyboard unusable.
Hands down the best app, I use it every day, wouldn't wanna be without it. Highly recommend if you enjoy crosswords.
App now works like a charm. Thanks for the prompt update!
Been using it for years. Best crossword app I've found thus far.
Love it again since crash fixed.
This is one of my favorite apps. Thanks for getting it working again!!
Excellent puzzle app!!
Great functionality. Zoom is a little funky.
Great for NYTimes puzzles - love it!
Love this app!
Excellent!
Absolutely fantastic
Love it
Since the 10/26/14 update my beloved SHORTYZ crashes every time i want to open a  puzzle!  I need my FIX!  I have an older smart phone; is this the issue (HTC G2)?  I would hope a crossword puzzle app would not punish a user with an older phone!
My iOS friends envy me this great crossword app. Every once in a while, the content providers change something, which then requires a fix. In spite of high demands from a day job, an update comes out asap. Please never abandon this app!
The app was working fine until the update on 10/26/14. Now it crashes everytime I try to load a puzzle. I am hoping this can get fixed.
I have noticed lately that certain puzzle will not update. Particularly the people magazine crossword. It repeatedly uploads the puzzle titled "Fierce and Fabulous". Love it except for this small problem.
Only thing I can't figure out is how to enter multiple letters into a single square as is sometimes required for NYT puzzles.
Why does the app download the same crossword from People over and over and over.  I never get a new puzzle even though I delete it every time I get it. Otherwise I love this app.
Easy to read. Easy to navigate. However, it's been down for over 6 hours :-( first time it's crashed for me in the last 2 years.
Sorry I upgraded, my favorite app crashes when I open a puzzle. Please fix it!
I love this app, but I cant open puzzles after the recent update. I have an older Samsung galaxy S 4g.
Alone it justifies having an android device, no matter how much you love you're iStuff
When are you going to fix 3.1.14? It crashes for many long-time fans. Please hurry!
I love this app, but as of 10/27/14 I can't open anything. I need my puzzles back!!
Gives me my daily dose of crosswords and then some! One of the best apps I've seen. Thanks Robert! P. S. Works even better on a tablet!
Very well done, easy to use intuitive interface, we'll maintained by developer.
Latest upgrade crashes when opening a puzzle. Galaxy S2
Great crossword app. Would love a replacement for the old "jump to next hint" shortcut button (used to be the capacitive search button).
I have tried many crossword apps.  This is the only one I still have installed.
Great app but last update crashes
Since update, still can't open to play! Plz fix!! Uninstalling!!!!
Latest version is great--no issues.
Open source, updated when necessary, and customizable.  Awesome.
Well kept up by developer. Easy to use.
Tons of crosswords and easy to use
Works well
Simple to use, hours of fun
Awesome
Can the developer please allow numbers, symbols and even multiple letters. Some puzzles these days involve such things and I don't like that I have to reveal a square in order to get them to appear. (See how Crosswords Plus does it, for example.)
This app is great. It has so many sources for puzzles, that you could puzzle all day. I'm having a small issue where once you complete a word and it automatically moves to the next clue, the enter to skip to the next clue command doesn't work. For some reason it highlights the top left puzzle icon on my Samsung Galaxy S5.  This is only mildly annoying, but would be a nice fix.
This app worked beautifully on the original note.  I now have the 2014 version.  Sometimes I have to tap a box/cell 3-4 times before I get a response.  Also, the grid doesn't automatically zoom to fill the screen.
I've used this app for several years and enjoyed it, but recently I decided to buy a subscription to The New York Times crossword.  I have been unable to link the two together in spite of going to the Shortyz's subscription page and entering both email and password.   Shortyz app doesn't respond to the input and will not download NYT crosswords.   I cannot see what I am doing wrong, if the fault is at this end.  Please fix this;  it's the only reason I purchased the subscription.
One of the best xword apps I've found. Two minor issues - everyday it loads the same puzzle from People, for some reason, and then sometimes it loads NYT puzzles from months or years ago so they are frequently ones that I've already done.
Terrible! Touchscreen interface does not work 60% of time. Can' t see all clues and grid at same time. Must download puzzles 1 at a time, no batch. The worst iOS apps are 100X better!
Awesome little app, keeps the brain going.  If I could change anything it would be great to have the clue tell you if it is a multi-word answer....i.e. - "ordinarily", 3 wds.  It's not always accurate to assume clues are 1 word answers, and traditionally (from what I have experienced) papers spell out for you if an answer is more than one word.
This is my favorite crossword app. I've used a few, and this is the only one I stick to now. I'd like to see the error reveals and other features on the Experimental sources, but I don't honestly need those to keep me occupied, and I do understand the meaning of "experimental." Overall, I have zero complaints.  *NOTE: I don't have or plan to have a NYT subscription, so I can't speak regarding any issues with the linking feature.
Absolutely the best app for using with an NYT crossword subscription. Recently, the NYT site changed and broke the app's ability to pull the .puz files. Within a day or two the dev patched the app to fix. Awesome! Could not ask for more! Thanks!
A perennial favorite of mine. My only request would be to (1) change color of the cursor and (2) have the auto download of puzzles off by default when you first download.   Other than that, this app is great.
Does what you'd expect/want, but it's a little awkward to use on a 4.7" screen. Also: why does a crossword puzzle need access to my pictures and identity? The privacy creep was ultimately why I uninstalled.
Love it. Been using it for a couple years on Galaxy S and S4 with no difficulties. The only negative is there is no way to enter numbers from the Shortyz keyboard (only rarely needed). I heartily recommend this.
it doesn't respond to screen taps half the time on LG G2, making it difficult and annoying to navigate. Also is not downloading NYTimes puzzle, despite correct account info entry.
great variety of puzzles daily, some off-color weekly faves, some time-passers, and some real toughies. smooth and comprehensive options for different styles of solving and different difficulties. update fixed sticky zoom, yay!
Update (7/16/14): DOWNGRADED to two stars since I again haven't been able to download the WSJ crossword puzzles. Original review: I LOVE this app, but I only use it for the Wall Street Journal puzzle, which only seems to download on 60% of the Fridays it's supposed to. It hasn't since February 28.  Please restore the WSJ access, and I'll give it five stars.
Good app.  5 to 6 puzzles a day and you can go back 10ish days as well.  Works offline, only using Internet to download new puzzles.  Interface. Can be clunky at times but not distracting.
Works pretty well most of the time. It is WAAAY better than the ugly iOS port that the New York Times calls an Android app.
Long time user, finally rated.  Easy to use, free, good variety of puzzles.  Also doesn't require any unusual or unnecessary permissions.
Easily my favorite crossword app ever; been a loyal (almost daily) user for over a year and haven't found anything comparable across all mobile devices. Simple interface, very easy to customize, and a fantastic variety of puzzles from reputable sources. Only wish it was on ios so I could play on my iPad...just one more reason to get an android tablet!
Good, but very American centric. It would be nice if we could get some UK, or Canadian sources so we don't have to know trivial details about US politics, show biz and life.
Just the best crossword app on the market. Latest update (sorry no version number) had problems when rotating the phone on HTC Sensation. Other than that, perfect and intuitive to use. Oh yeah, can't delete the archive for some reason.
Tons of popular, free crosswords of every difficulty with no ads. Interface on my Galaxy is clean and simple. Can't find a single complaint.
Can't use enter to switch clues.  Every time I type a letter or hit space to switch directions it highlights the crossword icon in the top left and then I have to swipe across the board to clear it so I can use the enter key.
You can't find a better phone or tablet crossword app. Simple, fast and with all the features you'd want.
It would be nice if the really icky puzzles were rated so that those of us with morals don't open them.
And earlier version had issues with the zoom function, but that has been fixed and now I love this app!
Hands down the best crossword app there is!
Lots of free daily puzzles for all different skill levels. Easy to use, and nice lay out.
Now that the fix to the broken update has been placed. I'm liking it again
Really well done. Tons of options to tweak and a huge base of free crosswords to solve. Sometimes certain options don't play well with others but this is a minor complaint. I love the tablet interface especially, though I also use my phone with no issues.
My only real complaint is that there should be some indication in the clue as to how many words are in the answer.  You never know whether your answer is one word or multiple ones.
I have a question. What does the little number next to my name mean when I log in. It's inside a little hexagon below my avatar. Mine has a number 11 in it. I'm also sitting at 93% in achievements. Any clues?
The best free crossword app I've found. Puzzles from different newspapers, updated daily. Even NY Times classics!
Love this app but it has become unresponsive to touch more and more lately. Sometimes I have to close the puzzle and reopen to move to a different square on my Galaxy S4. Please fix.
Ive had this app since the beginning over 5 devices. I love the simplicity of the app the ability to save puzzles for whem you are on the go and there are some great sources for getting your puzzles. If you love puzzles and can do them with ease you can definitely do multiple puzzles in a day with this app.
Developer is responsive ; the app has nary a glitch and is well put together. Dump the others and grab this gem.
Love this app! Great work, thanks!  A split keyboard for thumb typing on tablets would be great though. (SwiftKey style)  Also the ability to download puzzles for the last X days
This is the best crossword app I've seen. I use it every day. Is there any chance of getting some regular UK sourced crosswords on the app each day?
Great app. Can not use the Galaxy Note S-PEN though. Still a keeper anyways!
I also like how it satisfies my daily crossword cravings
Been using for years, never been shown ads, developer still providing updates!
Great app, kills time beautifully, easy to update, lots of settings options to create your ideal interface. Cross? No. Crosswords? Yes!
If you're a crossword freak, this is it
Great crossword app.....but I don't get half of the crossword puzzles that are shown on this page..... Never seen Boston Globe for instance. Give me more daily puzzles please!
Will not automatically download any of the puzzles I set it to download. As a matter of fact the only one I can download at all is the Washington Post daily puzzle. Fix or I will uninstall.
I download this on every android device I own.  It's the fIrst thing I look for. Love it.
Love it, but something is up on the note 4.  Sometimes touch events work when tapping on the puzzle,  but most often nothing happens.
Even when prompted la times and  Friday's wsj don't  download
Easy to hard, daily updates, puzzles are just the right length.  Very good UI compared to other apps.
Great stuff - but where did the WSJ Friday puzzles go?
What happened to the Wall Street Journal.   Haven't been able to download it for weeks!
Works brilliantly with the evo shift. My most used app!
Very convenient app, automatically grabs all of my favorite xwords from many publications.
Great app. Some functionality issues on the galaxy s5. No button to move to next clue.
I do 3 or 4 puzzles every day; I learn new words and new definitions for words I already use. Thanks!
Couldn't live without it, it's one of very few games I actually use.
great app. probably the most used one on my phone.
Love it! Works great all the time. I never have a problem with it. Ever. Wish all my apps worked this great
Great for stress and boredom.
My first Cross Word app, gotta say its a good app.
Really wish they would state two or more words instead of just a letter count.
Can't access NY Times subscription.
Easily the best available for free. Lots of customization, etc.
Really enjoy this app, but please please please add support for American Values Club subscribers!
I've had this app on all of my smartphones. It is by far the best.
Elegantly straightforward to use. A great way to pass commuter time.
Best crossword app out there right now.
Love crossword puzzles and this gives you many every day!
Love that I can do multiple puzzles a day.
Great way to pass the time while waiting.
Best of the crossword apps. I've tried so far.
Use it everyday, thanks for keeping us updated.
Crossword puzzles
Solid Crossword App
Homage to Will Shortz?  Assume so.  Nice work!
Best app for all level of crossword enthusiasts.
To virtually an unlimited number of puzzles.
Works flawlessly on my Moto X with my NYT subscription.
Open source, great dev, what more to wish for
This app is. Perfect.
Only crossword app ever needed!
Constantly new free puzzles.
The BEST puzzle app on Android!
A fun filled hour every time.
Like the title says...
I personally don't care for it. Too small
Needs some UK based crossword sources.
Thanks
Great app
Great selection.
Killer time burner
Lovely open-source program
Best crosswords + FREE
Greatest app ever
So simple and good!
Love it use it everyday
Awesome

I haven't tried the paid version, but the free version works great. You get a handful of puzzles a day at various levels of difficultly. My one issue is that when they load some of the classic puzzles it doesn't store correctly whether you have finished them in the past. The affect of which being that you start doing a puzzle and figure out ten minutes in that you are magically getting the answers too easily. I just stopped doing the classic puzzles. It's free though, can't complain.
I've tried a few others. This was, far and away,  the best that I found. The options to customize this makes this app nearly perfect. One nit: because of hardware limitation on later phones, there is no way to use the phone's query key (there is none) to go to the next clue. If there could be a "next field" key on the apps' keyboard similar to the "space" key, it would be even batter
I've been using this app almost everyday for a couple years now. Have hardly ever had a glitch. It's truly the best one out there! Only thing I wish is it would pull from NY Times. I thought I could get it because I have a subscription but that one doesn't work. Other than that, perfect!
This is a great app, and is perfect for doing crosswords on the go. There are some zoom issues occasionally, but they've been significantly reduced after the most recent update. The addition of achievements has added another element to the puzzles which I like.
Just started using this and there's no reveal or submit or anything to indicate if it's done.  I tried turning on the error boxes and deliberately changed a correct answer just to see what it would do but nothing.  Very unsatisfying ending!!
I have a Galaxy Note 3 and the touch screen doesn't work in your app.  Worked fine on my other tablets.  You get 1 star until you decide to FIX THIS.  Meanwhile, I'll find a GOOD crossword app that actually WORKS!!!!!
Used to love (5 stars) this app. Since the android update I can't use the enter to tab from clue to clue. Very frustrating trying to move as it gets STUCK at the top of the clue list and won't let me tab without touching the screen. Did I say frustrating?
Great app. I love that you can download past puzzles. Every once in a while there's a glitch where every time I try to type, the puzzle minimizes...but it's a small thing compared to everything else this app offers.
The only reason that this doesn't get a 5-star rating is that no matter how many times I check and unchecked the "No Hint Highlighting" box it doesn't give me the pink boxes. It did on my last phone but doesn't on Commando 2. The app is overall easy to use and a great app for anyone who loves crosswords.
Best crossword app that I've used on several devices. When it comes to what puzzles are available this is easily the best crossword app. Ny times,  Washington Post, etc. UI is great too except weird issue where the puzzle will zoom far out,  which can be difficult to recover from. If the zoom bug gets fixed,  This is easily a 5 star app.
The only app I play virtually daily on my phone, even compared to email and the actual phone function itself. I no longer dread hour long waits at the doctor's office.
WTF? As of yesterday (3/7/14) the best weekly crossword, The Wall Street Journal, no longer downloads, or rather it shows it downloaded but the file is nowhere... so now, the best xword program for Android, bar none, RUINED...Sucks...
Changed my review to 5 stars... before it was a great app hampered by frequent crashes.  Now it's just a great app. More puzzles, no ads, no stupid permissions, no bs... just lots of quality crosswords.
The best crossword app I've tried, with the best content.  And it's free.    I never run out of crosswords.  The controls are sensible and easy to get used to.  My only complaint is that the settings menu is so close to the puzzle grid that it's easy to fatfinger it and accidentally reveal errors.
I love this app and the diverse amount of crosswords.  My only complaint is that if you happen to incorrectly guess a square more then twice it marks you as using a hint.
I've found myself using this app practically everytime I am not using my phone for work. Great app. Keeps me happily uccupied with the crossword puzzles I always looked forward to. 5 large stars!!
After the latest update, the app closes any time I try to go into a puzzle. I use it almost every day, so I hope the issue is fixed soon. Rating will change after the fix.
My only complaint is that since the last update, every once in a while the app freezes. Fix that and it'd be five stars! Edit: fixed!
new york times puzzles not loading on May 24, or May 26, although I got the sunday puzzle yesterday.  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still no new york times.  Otherwise I love this app, it is so easy to use.  Please help me get back my New York Times puzzles.
But could we have a prompt for the first automatic download?
Latest update made this unplayable. Robo crosswords seems to be the old app, works much better and has the same puzzles.
Different levels of difficulty available and plenty enough to entertain daily. Recommended. Offers enough customization for most players, too.
Fantastic app! The best crossword game out there. Lots of puzzles to choose. Developer addresses questions and problems faster than anyone else. (Samsung Galaxy S5)
Great app!  My only complaint is that Newsday puzzles cause the 3.3.12 version to crash on my Samsung S III.
It used to have more daily puzzles but only has a couple now. Would like those other puzzles back.  Fuctionally, this is the best crossword app I have come across. *UPDATE* Added a few crosswords back. Still missing a few I enjoyed.. but better.
New puzzles every day, flexible features, and clean UI. Couple this with a lack of IAP, spyware, popups, and ads, this free app is higher quality and less invasive than some of the apps I've paid for. Seems too good to be true, but is.
Used to be 5 star, but now the interface is broken--enter and ok button don't work and the zoom is so broken that it is unplayable.
Love this app! Play all the time. People Magazine was back but again is stuck on same puzzle,  please fix!
I like this app...mostly cause I'm a crossword maniac. My two complaints are that (at least on my phone) the screen is super small and won't enlarge easily, also navigating between the words is a pain
Dang, had to uninstall. I liked this app too.
Really nice UI and features. Only one request for those who like the Brit format crosswords - Can you add some British sources, like the Guardian, Daily Telegraph or Times? That would make it 5 stars. Cheers and keep up the good work.
This is the best app on the market. The Washington Post puzzles are back! The developer is very responsive in fixing issues.
Good free puzzles and well thought-out and implemented features and options. If you like crosswords, this is THE app for the train ride to work.
Great all around. I use this app to get my subscribed NYT puzzles, and many others, rather than their own. I've used this for years and can't think of a single issue I've had using it on either my phone or tablets (s3, n7, kindle hd)
I use it everyday and since the last update the experience has been stellar. Thank you for implementing Google Play Games, it really makes the app stand out. Hopefully there will be more integration in the future.
Full-featured, no ads, actively maintained by the author AND free?! Shortyz is almost too good to be true. Thanks Robert!
Does what it says: lets you solve crosswords. It's got a great interface, and lots of sources. If you like crossword puzzles, you'll love this app.
Can make app operate as I want in almost every respect. Only missing option is for user-defined sources, e.g. non-English (US) puzzles or other difficulty levels.
I play it almost everyday. Good for stimulating my brain in a positive way... Thank you!
Love this. And now that I've discovered the show errors option I enjoy it more. Great for people trying to get into a crossword habit.
This is the best crossword app out. No $$$ or pay 2 play. Shout out to u Shortzzzz
I play with the 'Show errors' option selected. Doesn't take away from the puzzle solving experience at all.
Just need to address Sunday's Premier Crossword Puzzle absence and it's an easy 5star review.
Intuitive experience, loads from plenty of sources, keeps me puzzled all day long.
I've tried and uninstalled several crossword apps. This is my favorite and has been on both of the android phones I've owned in the past four years. Thanks for an entertaining app!!!
Love this app but my People download keeps loading an old one... how do I fix this so it downloads the current week's???
Had it for over a year.  Never had a problem with it. There are a few puzzles that are challenging and then a few that are easier.  Thanks!
Occasionally my subscribed NY Times puzzle doesn't load, but I suspect that's on the NY Times. I use this app daily. It works flawlessly.
Cool app for crossword nuts - you get your crossword fix of all the top puzzles on your phone! I do them all every day!
Been playin for a year. No bugs, no problems
Newsday not working on last update 2/12, but still my number one go to for phone distractions.
After the update, I've been getting more puzzles
Has sources only to American puzzles - not very cryptic clues.   Good fun, nevertheless.
I love how you can choose various puzzle sources. Easy to use. Only free app I can find woth the People magazine puzzle.
Thanks
All my favorite puzzles are back, and the achievements are fun to collect. Easily the best crossword app.
Would give it 5 stars if it didn't have made up words in some of the puzzles. Otherwise, I love this game.
Use to love it on my old phone but freezes on my tablet .
The latest upgrade seems to limit the number of puzzles downloaded, but I still love this app.
It works great, it's free.  Robert adapts it to the changing market when he has time.  Thanks!
I love these crossword puzzles & the ability to do a handful at a time.  Thanks for making it so easy!
Love this app. Having an issue downloading the onion av club puzzle,  but otherwise it's great for crosswords
The best crossword app by far. Runs well on any device and has tons of free crosswords from a variety of sources.
The app Words with Crosses looks almost identical to this app. Is there any relation?
This is a really nice app. First crossword puzzle on my first smartphone. Great app cos there are no ads.
I use it daily.  It only downloads the three puzzles I want and gives all the options I need.
Well worth getting.
What else is there to say? This one is the best. Hands down.
Would be a five star but minor bugs
Great app, especially for free!
I like how all the puzzles are in one place with one download a day. Highly recommend it.
This is a great crossword application. I play at least a few crosswords on it everyday.
What happened to the Friday Wall Street Journal puzzle??
and so are the stars
I really like this. The best one I've found so far.
Very buggy with screen sizing.
Same as above
The BEST BEST BEST crossword app out there, hands down!
Even downloaded crossword of 2 months ago.
Has all the features one could look for in a crossword app
Most of the bugs of yore seem fixed. Great app.
I've used this app with every android I've had it amazing!
Good app
Love this app!! I do these puzzles all day long! Awesome!
I'm enjoying using this app.
...then sucked...but is better than before now.
I love this app. Simple and easy to use.
Great updates for great puzzles.
I really enjoy this app
Fun and fo free
Get it
Best crossword app ever!
Improve my English.
It's really quite good
Great app!!
Love this app.So much  fun
Excellent










I've been using this app for so long and want so upset last week when I couldnt get Newsday...thank you thank you thank you for fixing it! Great app!
I had to give up on this. With the new format I couldn't figure out how to get errors to display.
I wish it kept and reported stats. They would have to be collected for each day of the week since the puzzles have different difficulty on different days.
The only two features I'd like are   (a) the ability to sync between devices,   and   (b) the ability to enter more that one letter in a square, which is often required for the Times's Thursday puzzle.
I first commented that LA Times did not work but an update came through and now it works perfectly. this app is five stars and I should have given it five stars before. This is a well maintained application.
I've been using this app for over 2 years, and it is easily the best free crossword puzzle app available. Love it!!
Love it! Thank you for bringing LAT back!
5-Stah!!! LA Times is back! Great fix... Thanks!... Great format and execution overall.
I installed this app yesterday and it had one puzzle(people is not an option ugh) today I open and wah lah! An update and some real puzzles.
Love the app but I have not had a People Magazine Crossword downloaded in 8 weeks. WHY??? Please fix this.PLEASE!!!  Therefore I will only give this app 3 stars.
I love this game it helps me kill time.
Great app and quick fix when la times and news day went down.
I've had this app forever. It's one of my absolute favorites.
Easy to use, and fun. Best crossword app I have found!
Love the app.
Thanks for the update!
Best app ever!!!



Shortyz is a great crossword app. Unfortunately, as of the end of January, I've been unable to download the LA Time daily (or Sunday) crossword puzzle. I'd be willing to pay to get that crossword puzzle. Other than that, the app is 5 star worthy.
Lots of puzzles, lots of options in the settings, hardly any bugs.. Sometimes the screen gets stuck in zoom out mode, but exiting the app and returning fixes it.
While this app occasionally has issues it is one of the most used on my phone. It works well and has good clarity for the puzzles. From time to time some of the puzzles will stop downloading for a week or two but then they start up again. My guess is that this has more to do with the content providers than the app. My main issue with the app is that (at least on my device) once you start typing something you have to touch somewhere on the puzzle before you can use enter to move to the next clue.
It stopped downloading on 1/27/2014.  Any particular reason? Other than that APP works well
Once I can get The Onion puzzles to download add I cash play them as well, I'll up it to five stars. But so far, so good. Keep up the good work!!! :-D
Problem seems to be fixed! Now this app can have its starts back! Thank you!
I've had this app for a few years off and on. It's a good app for crosswords but the "People" crossword hasn't updated in a month of Thursdays (since I installed it again). If the next update can't fix this I will probably give up and un-install it for good this time.
I love this app. I'm ashamed of the huge amount of time I spend doing crossword puzzles with this app. It is everything I want in crossword game.
All but two of the daily puzzles stopped downloading
Had this app on previous phone and I love this app but it will not download all the puzzles on my Samsung note 3.
I love this app, but the last few days the LA Times crossword puzzle won't download.
LA Times and Newsday puzzles gone?  Nice app, but keep the puzzles.
Love the app, but now the LA Times puzzle won't download. The NYT hasn't worked for months either.
What happened to the LA times?  It was my go to puzzle.
Something wrong with LA Times. It hasn't been downloading for the past week
Used to get up to 6 a day now only get two.  Is news day gone from the app?
Where did newsday puzzles go?  They were the only ones I could consistently finish on my own.  :(
Does what it advertises. Neat features  like "show errors ."
Multiple phones and an old tablet and never let me down
Great service but really annoying navigation.
Not getting puzzles I once did
Real simple.......if the puzzles go away....so will I
Best application I found for several daily newspaper crosswords all in one place.
Yay
I've been using this my fist Android device.
The best.
For someone who likes crosswords this is the best out there
A well constructed, free crossword app.  Bravo!
LA times won't download on my motox
Good way to keep the mind sharp.
Thanks for the fix. Back to five stars!!
I use this every day.
Great crossword app
Awesome app





I first downloaded it many months ago. Took a while to get the hang of the user tools especially sizing it. Once I had it working, it was great. Used it during my commutes. I don't know what happened with the latest update but I can no longer open it. Install/uninstall. Clear cache. Reboot phone. I may get it to work for a while, but it inevitably crashes and I start the cycle all over. Not sure why I appear to be the only user with this persistent problem. Wish I could find the fix because I miss it.
This is a very nice application for those who love crossword puzzles.  It works well, but every once in a while it will cause a complete shutdown of my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1.  This happens immediately after entering the last letter of a word, when the app should jump to the next word in line.  Changing the "Enter Changes Direction" setting has no effect on the behavior.  This happens seldom enough that I still recommend the application, as it is one of the few applications that doesn't "get in the way" while solving a crossword puzzle.
Magic Jack app has great potential but the company doesn't seem to be interested in it at all. It does not work with the updated Jelly Bean 4.3, yet no update, and no response to any of the suggested changes. This is an orphan app.
Help! I love love LOVE doing all these crosswords everyday but when I downloaded yesterdays puzzles the app forced close on me. I've uninstalled and reinstalled but still the app won't even open :-( I was finally able to get the app working again after a week. One of the puzzles must have caused a glitch.
Shortyz is simple to use and still full of features.  Because of this game, what was once my phone is now my crossword puzzle machine that I occasionally talk on.   (Note: An August 4 update has fixed a crashing problem I had with the August 2 update.  Yay!)   Also, the developer of Shortyz has been remarkably gracious about some apparent license violations from other developers.   Shortyz has a license which gives others permission to use the code under certain conditions, but some developers seem to be using the code but ignoring the conditions.
Crashes everytime I try to scroll down the list of puzzles on the main page.  Have installed every update.  ASUS TF 201. Very fun if you don't mind just playing puzzles that appear in the main window, so I gave it an extra star.
I love this app and use or every day.  Like so many other users, the 3.2.9 update brought with it the inability to open a puzzle without crashing.   I just ran the update again through the Play store and the app is working again.   If it's crashing for you, give this a try.
Pink hint boxes are inconsistant and annoying. The whole feature needs to be discarded. Otherwise it's one of my favorite apps.	Would rate five stars if not for the inconsistant (and annoying) hint boxes. Please get rid of them completely.
TERRIBLE NOW!!! This app should now be called the People Magazine crossword puzzle because that's the only puzzle you get anymore. It used to be awesome and you'd get 4 to 7 puzzles per day. Now just one. HORRIBLE!
It was working fine till one day the puzzle would shrink, and I'd zoom it out, and I'd go to touch the screen to start the puzzle again, it shrinks again.  Or, I go onto another one and it won't zoom at all.  What gives?  I'll install/uninstall once.  Otherwise if it doesn't work I'll try something else..pity, I liked this too.
Fantastic variety of puzzles at all levels. I've been hooked ever since I downloaded over a year ago.  The bug that caused crash has been resolved.
Until this garbage with puzzles taking 24 hours to load is fixed, this stays at one with a bad recommendation. Fourteen puzzles now have done this and deleting the app doesn't even make it go away. Contacted the developer and he apparently doesn't care. I guess since it's not his battery being drained every few hours. Even after several months of no play, I tried again and it's still a Mess. Jonesin is "stuck" now.
I have reset the zoom several times, but everytime I touch the screen to add my word it goes back to the smallest screen on the top left side. Love the puzzles but your settings are a problem.
Have enjoyed this app for many months and it worked flawlessly for me.  However, since the last update, several of the features I love are no longer working.  Have e-mailed the creator and never heard anything back.
I miss the two smaller puzzles that came everyday. Also the people magazine puzzle has been the same puzzle for over a month now. Other than that good fun
What happened?  I upgrade to a Samsung s4 and the Shortyz user interface takes a leap backward. I can no longer zoom to a usable grid size!  The largest zoom possible has a grid still so small it is horribly frustrating to use.  It takes multiple pokes before I can get the puzzle to highlight the desired square with the word in the desired orientation.   I used to compare solve times but now it's pointless, because more than half the time is wasted just trying to highlight the correct square.   I NEED ZOOM!
Always loved this app! Fun, great variety, downloads new puzzles daily, & optional show errors. Only prob is screen fitting. Sometimes puzzles shrink when u type.
Crashing problem is fixed. My fav crossword app! Can't get to sleep without it!
Been playing this since it first came out a few years ago.  My favorite app by far.
I have been using this app for a couple of years now - I love it!  I appreciate the options to show mistakes or not and to set up how the game reacts when you have finished filling in a box (where it jumps to next - or not).
FIXED FOLLOWING ISSUE, SO GAVE BACK THE STARS (UPDATE):.Since last update it Stops Working when attempting to open any puzzle on Droid DNA.  Used a lot until then.
Doing this review to counter all the negative reviews from the update hiccup recently. The app is fixed (2 days) and is great for crossword aficionados. It just works, and I love the Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday puzzles in particular.
Unfortunately, it seems buggy with android 4.4. Sometimes backspacing doesn't work, the window isn't resized by the keyboard so scrolling doesn't work. Unfortunately, this makes it mostly unusable. Please fix!
Last update caused it to crash on opening. Reinstalling seemed to fix. Would have been 5 stars otherwise
One of the reasons I got this  App was the people magazine puzzler... For the past few weeks I haven't gotten a new one....emailed about it and got no response
Shortys is freaking great. If you are addicted to crosswords, you need this app. I use this nearly every day. Love the list option. Makes it easier.
Reinstalled SHORTYZ today, and it works!! Thanks for the rapid update. This is a really, really great APP and I was missing it after the problems with the previous (unsuccessful) update.
Have used this app for ages. It keeps me entertained but my English spelling is getting messed up due to the American newspapers. :-( Very quick and easy to download the crosswords. Would love to see British crosswords included but I know that is unlikely. Learning lots about American sports! :-)
I love Shortyz. I was saddened by the last update, but figured it'd be straightened out. Don't listen to the haters. :)
Puzzles are fun and  challenging...only complaint I have is New York Times Classic is the same puzzle every week, fixing this will make it a 5 star
Looks terrible. Can't get past the ugliness
This was my favorite app, updates created crashes, and fortunately the developer is responsive so the app is fixed! I am a happy user again!
Seems that in the last month or so there are less puzzles available each day. I get 2 every day now where I used to get  at least half a dozen. What gives? Will be removing this app unless something changes.  It was a nice collection when I first started using it but has really seemed to go downhill.
Update: saw an update, got excited, updated the app, but now when I try to open the app it automatically force closes. Fix it please! Motorola Droid.   After today's update the app force closes whenever I try to open any puzzle. Please fix!! I don't want to uninstall and lose my puzzles. :(
Brilliant user interface.  One problem though is sometimes it zooms out to a tiny size and I can't zoom in.
Great app. Variety of puzzles. Huge problem it keeps stopings for no reason and the app wont open. What a shame please fix bugs, i really enjoy this app.
Love the crosswords, play all the time. Too bad some of the old available puzzles are no longer available
Latest update fixed crashes. Yay! I was all sad when it broke now im all happy that it's back!
Love the simplicity of this app, it brings all the big dailies to one place. And OK, maybe it's cheating, but the letter hints are great for begginers, you'll never be stuck with an unfinished puzzle.
Not as usable or enjoyable now that I've updated from a Samsung Galaxy S2 to the higher pixel density of the Galaxy S4. Can't zoom in enough to comfortable use an app that I'd be will to purchase for ~$3.99. Hope this gets fixed in upcoming versions...
Been using this since shortly after going to Android. You can tell from the patch notes that the dev really cares about his apps and users.
Used to love it. Now it just crashes on startup on my Nexus 5. Unplayable.  23JAN14: it's working again.  Thanks!
Used to be you could download half a dozen Sunday puzzles. Now I only ever get crappy People's magazine puzzle.
The issue is still not resolved and I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling on my HTC EVO 4G LTE.
This game went from hardly playable to completely unplayable after this newest update.  I'm not sure what is different about my device than everyone else's, but I cannot even get through two answers before having to back out and start all over again.  Uninstalling.  Dev, feel free to contact me if you want any info about my device to help resolve problem.
Fixed: Needed to delete the crossword directory on the sdcard before reinstalling. Old:The app still crashes on opening with Droid DNA, Android 4.1.1
Am I the only one who cannot get this app open? I use to play ALL the time and it will NOT
Thanks. Back to give stars.
Don't work right on my new phone but did great on my old oneâ€¦â€¦â€¦bummer:(	Had it on my previous phone and its one of most used apps I've had.
Crash on open.  Works for a day then back to crashing.  I love it when its working.  Would be 5 star
Ever since the latest update, it crashes whenever I open a puzzle.
Newest update has broken this app for days with no word from the developer about a fix.  Uninstalling  New update has fixed this issue
Matrix HD  Won't let me open app at all - was my favorite ... please fix!!
Reported crash issues with Galaxy Note 2 on Saturday. Updates and fixed on Monday. Outstanding. Many thanks!
Love it, but there hasn't been a people magazine puzzle in over a month....what's going on...why no puzzle updates?
Well this app was everything I could have dreamed and more til it suddenly stopped working. I tried reinstalling, still nothing. Oh well, I will miss you shortyz....for the few weeks I had you, you made subways almost bearable.
It's great.  Fluid interface and easy to use.  You can choose which puzzles to download, so I usually download the ones from Monday and Tuesday and work on those all week.  Great for beginers, like me, and the hardcore alike.
This is a great app for crossword lovers. The interface is user friendly and the puzzles are a variety of challenging fun.
Is it any wonder people are moving to clones of this previously excellent app when the author can't even be bothered fixing basic bugs like the menu missing "download".
Force closes on attempting to open a crossword after latest update. And update menu missing. Now put right - thank you!
I've noticed that less puzzles are being downloaded. Where's Newsday? Or as some have said where's people?
Very versatile UI that gives you the options to play the way you want to play. Automatic fowls of daily and weekly puzzles works flawlessly; there's always another puzzle available.
UPDATE: Works perfectly again. Back to daily usage. Thank you!!!  Since last update it will not open and crashes. Used to spend hours on this app now it is uninstalled. :'(
I never had any problem with this app until yesterday.  None of the puzzles will download.
I LOVED this app.   Upgraded to the new Galaxy and now I can't get the puzzles large enough to see.
this app is usually amazing but the last update added so many worthless things that I can't turn off or opt out of, totally disappointing
The August update has destroyed the app - crashes on launch every time.
I loved this, but it no longer works on my phone. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling. I get no puzzles. Miss it. No stars now.
I loved this app on my old phone but it is unusable on my Galaxy S4. The puzzle size is too tiny to be playable and it will not zoom in at all. :-( Please please fix it...
Love having several puzzles a day to do right in the palm of my hand. Lately, however, duplicate puzzles are downloading and appear with a red line to the left of the puzzle on the option page.
I play this everyday! The interface is the most user friendly of all the crossword apps I've seen. Thanks for the quick resolution to the update issue others mentioned!
Odd zoom out still happens.  Have to force stop.  Need inverted b/w mode to save battery.
I love crosswords. This is by far the most simple, fun and enjoyable crossword app out there :) Thanks for the great game.
No need to look further Great app. Works well and has nice variety.
Thank you, thank you, thank you for fixing the crashing issue so quickly! Love this app!!!!
Crashes every time I scroll through puzzles.
I tried other crossword apps. I'm sorry I ever strayed!
Thank you for fixing the bugs!
Lots of brain food! Crashes fixed by last update.
No longer downloads puzzles. Please fix.
This one is perfect.
I really like this app and use it all the time. Thank you for fixing it for Android 4.3.3 (or whatever I have)!
All bugs fixed. Back in business thanks
This is a fantastic crossword app, now I can get my daily fix even when I can't get a newspaper!
Several puzzles don't download (WaPo, WSJ, etc.) would be 5 stars with that fix
...now I can't get any new puzzles to download, uninstalling now.
Looks great works great.  Can't seem to download any of the daily NYTimes puzzles I have a subscription to.  Otherwise a great app overall.
Newest update fixed crash issues
Rarely crashes, new puzzles daily. Very happy with app.
This is my escape at work! Have had it for yrs and I really enjoy it! Has never let me down.
a quick recovery for an old friend. The best is back! Evo 4g
What happened to it? It's no longer on your download list? Please put it back.
Love this app.
I want to pay. To offset the lack of ad revenue and stuff. And motivate further development.  Oh. Working on Kit Kat with ART.
Great app. Very useful on bus rides, doctor waiting rooms and the like. Galaxy Note 2.
Zooming up the pole
HELP please fix Im missing may daily crossword fix :)
Favorite app hands down.
So glad latest bug fixed.  This is the best crossword app out there, period!
This app has been around for awhile. The author clearly supports their creation. Thanks
highly customizable. great layout. love the built in sync.   where did la times go though?
Very well maintained and the programmer greatly deserves our support (donations and reviews)
Great app. Gives you lots of puzzles, and doesn't ask for tons of cazy permissions. Plus, it is free.
Crashes every time I try to open a puzzle now
Great app. Gets me through MANY slow days at work!
This is, without a doubt, the best crossword puzzle app I've tried.
I love this app, so simple and functional
made up words, clues that don't state there's multiple words, misspelled words, and clues that don't make sense for the words in the puzzle, detract.
Excellent source of free crosswords!
Lost pref. for puzzles I want DL'd,  other than that: clean & easy to use.
Solid as Iraq.
I use daily, and have told my friends about it.
I play this everyday
Awesome app with great sources of my favorite puzzles!
Easy interface! Plenty of crossword sources streamed to one place!
Best crossword app I have found so far!
woot WOOT!!!
Since 3.2.9 update... 3.2.10 update can't open at all. HTC DNA...
Was a great app. Still have not figured out the the Android issue.
I've had this app for a while. Good way to pass time.  Love it!
If you enjoy crossword puzzles, this app is a must.
Quickly fixed after previous issue,  thanks!
Yes!  Awesome App
Excellent free crossword game. Just what I've been looking for.
I like "Puzzles for Friends" puzzle generator too...
Must have app for tablets, if you like crosswords
This app rules
I work these crosswords almost everyday. Love them. Thanks.
Perfect free crossword app. Love it
Fun to do and nice to be able to control some of what happens.
Simple, light, well designed. Five stars easily.
A simple, compact, and  easy to use app!
My favorite crossword app by far.
Awesome!! Its fixed!! Thank you!!! It works again
Great job!
Absolutely love these crosswords!
Fun and challenging game.
No issues, new material everyday.
Splendid. Keep it up..
I love it ðŸ’˜
Love this app!
Best puzzle app ever!
Easy to play. Plenty of crosswords.
Variety of puzzles
One of my favorite apps.
Love thia.  Use evey day.
i love it! thanks a lot!
Best crossword app ever
My favorite crossword app
Try it you will love it....
Love it very challenging
Great app.
lurvit
Excellent crossword app
I LOVE FINDING WORDS!!!!!!!
Very fun
Buggy
Great!
Its awesome
Simple and excellent
I love this
Love it

UPDATE 8/4/13: I used to love this app until the most recent update. Now every time I attempt a puzzle it force closes.  I love this app. Its simply the best. Recently I've been having an issue though. When I type a letter in, the puzzle super shrinks. I can rezoom it but as soon as I type another letter.. it shrinks again. Does the same if I manually tap the boxes. Other than that, I adore this app.
Same issue happened a couple of years ago. Thought maybe it was fixed since you have app pics that show The Washington Post being back. Not the case.
I hope you can resolve the new crash issue soon.  This has been one of my favorite apps! Thanks!	Great fun once you get used to the interface...  the new update has indeed caused forced closings. But I am still going to leave my five star rating because you have been so good at responding to problems. I cannot believe you do this, and this is still a free app. Again thank you.
8/3/2013 update force closes when opening puzzles (Samsung GS3). Previously... Love this app, easy to view puzzles. And now crosswords don't frustrate me so much with the reveal errors feature.
New upgrade does not work! Its making a force stop immediately after upgrade and working fine until then. This is the best app ever, however, it doesn't even work now! Arg, I'm so bummed!
Great app until the last update broke it! App forces error and shuts down.  I have uninstalled for now and look forward to installing it back after it's fixed again.
Downloaded update today, and now the app crashes every time I start a puzzle. Never had issues before.  Ugh.
Keep up the good work.  Comments...dont line the cursor always jumping to the end of the row when you finish a mid word..  Sometime if you flip the screen the screen locks into a zoom.
I love this app and have used it daily for a few years.  However, with the last release, the zoom is not functioning properly.  The puzzle gets very small and the app slows down and I must force a shutdown of the app to correct the issue.
Zoom does not work properly and i can't move it when it is zoomed in. Sometimes the titles are messed up showing symbols instead of letters. Also the puzzle randomly becomes slanted and unresponsive.
My shortz app updated today, and now it won't open any of the puzzles. It just forcecloses. NOT HAPPY. I am addicted to my crosswords and this WAS ku favorite app. I used it daily until now.
I have used this app for years. Best crossword app out there, but latest update broke it on my galaxy s3. Whatever bug they fixed on tablets they seemed to have created on smartphones.
I am a long time user of this app.  Missing it dearly today since the update broke it.
Love the app. Although, since this update when I try to open a puzzle the app will crash.
Used to be great until last update. I can't do a xword bc it quits! Uninstalled. Time to find a new one. Galaxy siii
App stops working when attempting to open a puzzle.  It worked fine before the latest update.
Only crashes. Broken with last update. Nice work. Was a great game.
Rating used to be at least a 4, new update causes app to crash any time I try to open a puzzle. Essentially, Shortyz has become a list of titles of inaccessible puzzles. Galaxy SIII
I've had this app a long time and never had a problem with it until I got update 3.2.9. Now it crashes everytime I try to open a puzzle. I've uninstalled and got a new app. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!
I've never had any complaints about this app, however since downloading the 3.2.9 update the app force closes every time I try to open a puzzle.. please fix this ASAP!!!!
Plenty of free daily crosswords to work on, and it has good options. However, the UI is based on really old android guidelines, and it would be awesome for this to get a more functional coat of paint!
Crashes every time I try to open a puzzle.  This started occurring after the latest update.
This app did work before the update. Now every time I click to open a puzzle, it closes the app. .
I missed this app - now after the fix it's usable again and worth 5 stars :-)
Newest update caused the app to shut down when opening puzzles.  I used this almost every day. RAZR Max  Uninstalled
Now it force closes when I try to open any puzzle on my GalaxyS3. Please fix, thanks.
I love this app but after this last update I can't even use it. The app force closes when I try to open any of my puzzles. Please fix!
This last update SUCKS!! Won't open puzzles.....keeps stopping. Please fix! !!! I love this app and don't want to have to find another one.
I love this app, but since today's update I can't open any puzzles and it forces closed when trying.
Best crossword app for Android. Latest update fixed the crashes on my Nexus 4. Thank you thank you thank you!
Latest update always crashes now! Please roll it back or fix? Love your program! Want it back.
Have enjoyed shortyz for a lonng time. Bummed that it no longer works.
New version off to a rocky start.  Crashing early and often on Samsung GS3.
New update doesn't work with the s3. Can't open any of the downloaded puzzles and the app shuts down when I click on anything
Please fix soon I would like to do a crossword.
Since update doesn't do anything but force close.
Crashes every time I open a puzzle since the new update.  Used it everyday prior to this problem
Last update just ruined it. Crashes when try to open puzzle.
I used to absolutely love this app but ever since the the newest update the app crashes every time you select a puzzle. I will be uninstalling it and looking for another crossword app
App crashes before it even opens.
Last update made the app useless. Crashes when opening a puzzle.
Found same exact app but this 1 doesn't force close its called crosswords by acerapps I'm going 2 use this until they fix short!!
Cant open a puzzle at all. Loved this game before update
The last update caused the app to stop working. Please fix ASAP.
Won't open any puzzles.  Shuts down every time.
Yup! Force closes on mine too.
Chronicle of Higher Education is by far the best.   It is only published biweekly but very good.  SHORTYZ has a good clean straightforward interface, easy to use.
I love this game but since the latest update it crashes anytime I try to open a puzzle.
The latest uodatef ruined this app. Now it force closes. Please fix it
Used to love this app and recommended it on my website.  Now?  It just force closes every time.
Update fixed the error. Love this app!
Can't open any puzzles since the update... :(
Stopped working after the update.
Latest version crashes when opening puzzles.
I updated it and now it force closes when I try to do a puzzle. Uninstalling.
Latest update messed everything up. Closes when I try to open a puzzle. Galaxy S3
Before update, no problems...since updating, cant play because it force closes when opening puzzles
Best free program on the play store.
Please fix!  Samsung GS3
Now the puzzles don't open...please fix...
Lots of customizations, free puzzles, great!
Keep trying other similar apps but always come back to this one
Loved it until it started crashing. Samsung galaxy S3.
Newest update WILL NOT LAUNCH on HTC One...UGH!
I loved the app beforehand.
New update force closes.... No issues before
Now every time I try to open a puzzle it crashes
Far and away the best crossword app on any platform I've tried. Great work!
Force Close whenever I tried to open. HTC Evo
Update forces close when attempting to open puzzles. Finding a new crossword app and uninstalling this immediately!!
This is my favorite app! I wish the creator would set up a paypal so I can donate as a thank you!
Worked fine yesterday, twas the update.
This works well. Very easy to download crosswords from the New York Times.
QA before launching update is a great idea
Great app. Works well and loads of crosswords. HAPPY
Straight forward and consistently good.
I use this when I am traveling.
Love it.
Great
I loved this game at first, then after an update it takes forever to load new puzzles. Used to take a few moments to start loading new ones now takes 5 or more minutes to even access the game. Will say please wait while new games are being load and you can't even go to any old ones while you wait.
The best crossword app I've found so far for Android.  Free daily puzzle downloads mean you always have new content.  But ever since I updated to 4.3, I can't play anymore! The moment I try to open a puzzle, it force-closes.  Am I the only one with the issue?  Stock Android 4.3 on Nexus 4.
Love this app. Definitely tops all the free crossword apps I've tried. But only gets 4 stars because it periodically goes into a state of nonresponse and will not work at all. I have uninstalled 3 times today alone. But it still isn't working :(
Because of an Android crash, I had to re-download and -install Shortyz.  I'd been using it for over a year, and LOVED it.  However, the new version doesn't follow the Setup option regarding "hints" (meaning turning wrong letters red).  It doesn't any more.  Before, I would have given it a 5; now, 3 is the highest I can do.  Oh - and I've also uninstalled it.
As of a few days ago this app excludes many of my favorite puzzles. Review went from a 5 to a 1 because of the limited puzzle options. I am going to uninstall if this doesn't change. Definitely do not recommend this to anyone because there are other free crossword apps that give you more puzzles.
If you like doing crosswords in the newspaper while riding the NY Subway, this is a great app for your phone or ipad. I always think I will run out of puzzles to do but they always have new ones to download everyday. Simple, easy to use. Very sedomly has minor kinks, like a puzzle not syncing all the way but I will deal with it because this app is awesome.
I have never bothered to review an app before, but I felt compelled to review this one.  You are seriously missing out if you do not have this!  Works great without flaws, downloads many well known crosswords on a daily basis, and has many play options.
Hands down #1 crossword app. The interface is so simple my mother picked it up in minutes. The input is fluid and the menu provides everything I wanted. You can control what sources you get puzzles from and puzzle completion statistics. I have never been more satisfied with an app and it was free!
Love this app and have it installed on my Atrix 2 phone as well as my Nexus 7 tab.  The puzzles are great and the app itself is pretty no nonsense.  My only quibble (and the only reason I gave it four stars) is due to the constant flickering I experience when playing on the tablet version.  It sadly makes the game unplayable.  Thank goodness my phone version works perfectly!
After filling in a couple answers, the puzzle for some reason resizes itself to the smallest size and it will not stay big after that. I'm not trying to ruin my eyes for your free app. HTC Vivid. If I could use the app, I'd be stoked....
App work fine for several uses on my Photon Q. Now the puzzle is tiny- cant get the zoom function to work or figure out other ways to solve the issue. It's not worth playing until this is fixed. Just a guess but it's probably the slide-out keyboard that's the issue. Devs may want to start looking there. Other than that, it's a decent app- free crosswords (though the first one I started didnt have the solution).
Update Mar26-2013: puzzle downloads are faster (yay!) But now it randomly zooms out on puzzles, I zoom in but every key triggers it to zoom out again (boo!). I am officially addicted to this app. I play a puzzle on my commute everyday. Provides good selection of puzzles daily to choose from.
This is probably the best app I tried. All is just perfect, each detail, each concept. My only sorrow is that, not beeing an English native speaker, I will never be able to fully enjoy the huge potential of the app. Crosswording in a foreign language it's not easy,
The zoom feature is the only downside to this app. It really needs to be fixed. Constantly zooms out so you are unable to see the letters you have typed in. Very annoying. Love the app but I cannot deal with this. Moving on to another one.
Best crossword app I've found. Does a weird shake sometimes on nexus 7 but no big deal. Wish I could choose my favorite crosswords for auto download rather than all of them but again not a big deal. Keep up the great work!
I loved this app until it quit allowing me to download new puzzles. The clean up doesn't work and now puzzles no longer load when I start the app or manually download them. It also no longer saves progress if I take a break in the middle of a puzzle. When this is fixed it will be a 5 star.
I would like this app if the grid didn't keep shrinking in the middle of completing puzzles. The grid keeps shrinking so small that I can't read it and the only way to get the grid back to full screen is to uninstall and reinstall the app until it happens again...I have uninstalled for good now
I loved this up on my old phone until I had to uninstall it due to memory issues. I immediately got it again when I got a new phone. Now some of my favorite weekly puzzles won't download (ink well, onion av club, etc.) I understand that the onion av club puzzle may no longer be available, but if that's the case it should be removed as an option on the app!
One of the best crossword apps I've ever used. The only problem I've encountered is that sometimes the clues I fill in stop getting saved and everytime I exit the app, all the filled slots wipe off clean n I have to start over. Do fix the problem please
Can no longer access NYT xword archives before certain dates so the app is basically useless now. Switched to Crosswords Plus. UI took getting used to but I love it now. A highly recommended replacement for Shortyz.
Can no longer launch the app normally.  It immediately crashes every time I click the icon, but the puzzles still download and if I click the notification for a puzzle it will launch. Also zoom bug is annoying
It flipps over to horizontal orientation waaaaayyyy to easily and zooms all the way out. Very annoying. I can't get the clues to move to the next numerical clue like it used to. Less annoying but still annoying. Otherwise excellent app!!!
Overall, I really like this app. It does download several puzzles a day, but there are options to change that in the settings menu.  I am also having the zoom issue after I tilt the phone. I have to click the back button on my phone over and over until the app finally closes. Restarting the app usually makes that issue stop, however when it does happen it is genuinely annoying.  Still, it's a great free app.
Latest update broke landscape-with-keyboard mode with T-Mobile G2 (HTC Vision) on ICS-- clues don't appear anymore! Portrait mode w/soft keyboard seems fine though.
I love this app. My one complaint is that I haven't been able to download the NY Times puzzles over the last couple of weeks. Before that, they downloaded fine. I noticed the NY Times crosswords website has been redesigned, so I wonder if the crossword download URL has been moved or something.
Far as I can tell, this is the only crossword app for android that let's you subscribe to .puz files from different sources (Onion AV club or NY times, for example). The only huge drawback is not being able to enter special characters, numbers, or multiple letters. Makes some puzzles impossible to do on this app.
This app worked well and i loved it. Made the mistake of updating it and now it doesnt work good anymore. Keeps zooming out for no reason and wont zoom back in. Very frustrating. Had to uninstall. Very bummed
...most recent update with jellybean causes text to skew, infuriating and unplayable like this. Hoping next update resolves this issue because I'm getting withdrawals!
I love the app, but there is one really annoying glitch. Every time I use the letter "i", the next letter I press will come up as another "i" before inserting the letter that was intended. For example if I tried to type the word "will", it would come up as " w i i l". This doesn't happen when I type in any other app, or when I used this app on my old phone.
The most recent update completely killed it with the zooming issues.  I'm not giving up hope, just hoping for the next update to fix it.  As it sits now it's currently unplayable with this issue.  Prior to this update it was hands down the best crossword app on the market.  One star since the last update, but before that a easy 5.
I now get the occasional zoom problem that others have described, where the puzzle shrinks to an unreadable size  whenever you enter a letter. I've found no alternative to uninstalling and reinstalling. It's such a wonderful app that it's worth doing this from time to time. But it would be so nice if it got fixed!
The author of the app has put a lot of effort into ironing out bugs on all devices, and he continues to improve it.  The app itself is well-built and will download several new puzzles every day, of a variety of difficulty levels. No setup required!
On my galaxy nexus I get a weird bug where the whole puzzle slants 45Â° to the right. Makes things unclickable. It's unfortunate because I used to love solving puzzles on my morning train ride.
I love this app and use it every day! My only problems are the new York times classic puzzle (it's been the same for me every week) and the sometimes wonky sizing. And I'm gonna miss the AV club, but that's not your fault :)
This has been my favorite puzzle app for awhile. The minor issues it had did not affect play. Unfortunately, I just installed the latest update. The new interface sucks.  Moving the clues to the bottom of the page takes up puzzle space. Watching the letters show up as I type is extremely distracting. I looked for an option to put the clues back where they were, but couldn't find one. If that is changed I will use the app again.
Its formatting doesn't work with my s3.. don't know why. Every time I go to a different word it minimizes to a tiny size. So  frustrating! Delete!
I have had this app forever and absolutely love it; however, every now and then it fails to launch and I have to wait a few days to see if it works again.  I have had this happen several times over the course of using it.  I'm hoping this issue can be remedied soon because I do enjoy using this app.
Was excellent when it worked, but now constantly crashes on launch or when scrolling through list of puzzles, even after full wipe/reinstall. Virtually unplayable; desperately needs some attention.
The first version of this app worked perfectly.  Since I had to reset my ASUS tablet I downloaded what I thought was the same app.  This one has many problems.  Too many to list.
With the latest update, the app does nothing more than immediately crash on my Motorola Electrify M (jelly bean).  Even tried uninstalling and reinstalling to no avail.  Super depressing since this is one of my favorites.  =(
What's with the zoom issue all of a sudden?  The app was awesome but suddenly I can't make the puzzle stay full screen for anything. I can't stand trying to play on a puzzle that isn't even a quarter of the size of my phone screen. Please fix this!
The zoom feature doesn't work so well any more.  No matter what I try it will always return back to being fully zoomed out. So frustrating cuz now the text is to small to see.  Loved the app until the latest update, when the zooming issue began
App has crashed every time I've opened it since yesterday.  Reboots and clearing cache do not help.  App had been great till yesterday.  Sent a few crash reports.
it is a great app for crosswords and i love it..it fetches crosswords some good sources... but it crashes often on puzzle auto download when some crossword changes something.. and this hasnt been fixed for ages..invalid crosswords should be handled properly..
This app is awesome. Easy to open and go straight to playing. The only real issue I have is a major one because it basically makes the puzzles unplayable. Randomly the puzzles will decide to shrink to their smallest size on the screen and despite many attempts to return them to a visible size, they insist on shrinking back down when I try to enter a letter. Please fix this error, it looks like people have been complaining about this for a while.
I can't believe this is FREE - THANK YOU SHORTYZ! Puzzles 4 all levels of crossworder's & LOTS 2 choose from! I do @ LEAST 1 a day (but usually many more). The ONLY thing I would change, but it's not a huge deal, would be what the other raters mentioned; an easier way to move around puzzle. But that small issue certainly hasn't taken away from my enjoyment in the least. I rarely rate apps but I just had 2 share my joy & thankfulness 4 this one. I tell everyone I know 2 upload this app! Awesome
Where's the daily sheffer and Joseph puzzles???? Only getting 3 puzzles a day now.sucks..is this a app flaw? If not and you just don't offer em no more, gotta dump the app.been playing everyday for 2+ years but there are other FREE that offer more.
This used to be my favourite app. but now, every time I try to open it, it says it has stopped working and closes. This happens on both Android devices. Maybe it's me? But I am very sad because I would have rated it 5*!
Have also seen the shrinking puzzle issue. Enjoyed thoroughly prior to app becoming unusable. Wipes and reloads not resolving issue. Please fix. This is a five star program not getting the attention it deserves.
Had this app on my old phone and it was Great!  Now on my new galaxy S3 I can't get it to stay full-size.  Can't read thumb nail.  Have reinstalled but same issue.  Am I missing something?  Can't locate/access my "default" settings either.  Is it me or this .  app?
This app was terrific while i was on 3.0 but has serious display issues on JB. it will randomly redisplay with everything twisted at a 45â€¢ angle at frequent intervals.  now frustrating and unusable.
I'm not very good at crossword puzzles so I need some help. This app allows me to take a peek at the answers. I and it's a great way to improve my skills. I am getting better! I love Shortyz.
Newsday puzzles, including the Saturday stumpers, stopped downloading recently.  I don't know if the developer is still keeping this app up to date, but would be curious to know what's happening.
Used to be a 5 star crossword app. All of a sudden it wouldn't download some of the puzzles I liked. I don't know if they didn't want to pay the puzzle creator what he wanted for his puzzles or what. Hopefully they will get it worked out soon.
Used to be my favorite app, but now all I get is a stopped message. It never starts up. Very disappointing.
This used to be my favorite app, but now I can only download Newsday and the L.A. Times puzzles. Don't understand why and there doesn't seem to be any help.
Last update makes less room for puzzle grid by showing more clues at one time. Liked it better before. Options for viewing would be great. Also can't download nytimes even with paid subscription.
Fun addictive and a great way to waste some time. BUT would be 5 star review if the puzzle from People magazine was not incorrect from the moment you download. That is the ONLY negative about this app.
Waiting for your wife to try on 20 pairs of shoes?   Need a diversion?   This is the best crossword game out there with unlimited free downloads of crossword.   How can anyone write negative comments?   This game is perfect.
The first phone I installed this crossword app on had problems-- the grid would shrink when it was not supposed to, and the only cure was to reload to when that happened.  Once I upgraded to a Samsung Note, no more trouble-- except that a couple of individual puzzles did not work properly, or the wrong grid would appear for a given puzzle... otherwise it's provided countless hours of rich, stimulating intellectual challenge.  Thank you ever so much!
Everything works well.  Great time killer waiting for appointments, or on breaks.  A few hiccups here and there that don't prevent me from using the app.
So very, very disappointed that all puzzles no longer download. Hoping it is resolved soon. This was a 5 star app before...
Ever since WaPo changed their online crossword UI, Shortyz hasn't been downloading their crosswords for me. Still an amazing app, but please update for WaPo crosswords! Thanks.
I've been using this app for quite a while without problems, but recently it has started skewing the puzzles on a diagonal in the middle of a game. If I close and reopen, it is straight, but then goes diagonal again after about a minute. It started right after I upgraded to Jelly Bean, perhaps it's a compatibility issue? Galaxy Nexus
Swype Beta keyboard I installed on my Galaxy S3 doesn't work and the other keyboard options don't have an enter button to go to the next clue. Even with the default keyboard on sometimes back button in the top left highlights and the enter button gets stuck and won't go to the next clue.
I love the puzzles but as of today I am forced to do the puzzles zoomed out. This makes reading the puzzle very difficult. When fixed I will give 5 stars.
Like the app a lot but the zoom is an issue. When downloading puzzles from previous weeks its a major issue because the days months years will act like they lag but they never catch up. I think it'd be nice if we could select our favorite puzzles and be able to select two dates and be able to download all of those puzzles instead of doing it manually. Lastly, its STUCK on downloading one puzzle! I have turned my phone off, etc..  its still stuck!
I read about an odd zoom issue before I downloaded the app. ...the app is awesome. UNTIL... I experienced the issue. Ugh. It makes the app unusable. Bummed
Great app! I've recommended it to several friends. Hardly any complaints except, what happened to the Washington post puzzles? I haven't been able to access them for months!
Great app until the puzzles started zooming out at any tap of the screen, and no matter how much I mess with the settings I can't fix it. So frustrating, awesome crossword app otherwise.
I have used this app in the past and loved it, but on my S3 I have encountered the shrinking puzzle that others mention and it makes it unplayable. This is the first time I've even rated an app, because I want them to know I'd rate it a 5 if it worked again. For now, I'm uninstalling.
the availability of crosswords and ffeatures make this one of the best free crossword as apps. problem its the screen automatically zooms out when I move my phone, then is difficult to get it to zoom back in. I'm using a Galaxy S3
I love the main app but am currently frustrated by the zoom issue.  Didn't have spam issues as one reviewer reported.  Just a great variety of puzzles each day.  Please fix zoom.
Will no longer download (either manually or automatically) puzzles from over half of the available sources. Very annoying. HTC EVO.
Good but the game auto rooms out constantly. Tried changing various settings but to mo avail. This became frustrating to the point that I uninstalled.
Yeah, there are a couple of things that make this app tedious. But overall it's great!
Awesome app, and I use it all the time. But lately, on certain puzzles, when I use the arrow keys on he nexus keyboard, the puzzle gets skewed and I have to back out and restart. Fix for 5 stars.
Zoom issues just make it frustrating. It used to be great...but suddenly every time I touch the screen it zooms to unusable tiny size. Please fix! Then 5 stars.
My favorite game. But where did Washington Post puzzles go? I have a subscription (if they have changed their policy), but that's not indicated in settings.
Almost unusable for Samsung GS3. Touching the screen to enter a letter makes the puzzle zoom out so you can't read the puzzle. I use this daily and now I'm sad...
Zoom issues have been going on for a while now. I don't want to give up on the app but I'm getting very annoyed by the shrinking screen in the middle of my game!
Great app but has some issues.  For some reason the larger format puzzles stopped downloading and NY Times Classic puzzle has been the same puzzle for the last 3 weeks in a row.  I'm not sure whether those are app or puzzle provider issues.
Zoom issues continue to be a problem. The puzzle starts out in a fit-to-screen setting and doesn't always hold the zoom if you try to enlarge the puzzle. In fact, when you are in a zoom and try to select a word, it zooms out and throws the puzzle up into the left corner of the screen only showing the bottom right quarter of the puzzle. What's worse is you can't move the puzzle once this happens. This is very annoying and needs to be fixed.
It is great in terms of updating puzzles everyday and value for a free app. However, the error and zoom functions need to be drastically improved as they screw up quite often resulting in me giving up on the app more often than not
Suddenly started shrinking the puzzle grid whenever you click on it.  I have a 7" Galaxy tab with ICS.  Please fix or I will be forced to delete it.
This was a great program till the last update. Now it won't complete Xwords, won't download new ones, and won't archive or clean up. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app to get it to work. So updating review to four stars because it's mostly an excellent app.
Used to be good, but crashes when scrolling in puzzle selection screen since last update many months ago (on Motorola Xoom).  Also could be improved by making next entry jump to an EMPTY cell when a word is completed.
Love the app but the zooming issues are horrible! All of a sudden my crossword is so small I can't see anything and I can't get it to zoom in. Please fix!
11/16/2012 Still waiting for response on Merle Reagle puzzle..  got to take it down to 2 stars :(         Droid Razor  Great app, but not completely stable.     Never was into crosswords until this app came along. :)    Lately Merle Reagle (Philadelphia Inquirer) puzzles are very sketchy to download and disappear after just a day or two. Favorite puzzle- Please fix!  J
The platform itself, as a way to download, render, solve, and save crossword puzzle files, is great. However, if only a few bug fixes were made it would be totally awesome:  1) Arrow keys and space bar don't work as expected on Asus Transformer keyboard.  2) Corrupt puzzle files cause the app to crash when scrolling down the stored puzzle files.  Fix these and it will rock!!!
Latest patch makes it crash every time I try to open a puzzle. Used to love this app, now it is a source of frustration.
great app but there's some issue with the zoom.  can't touch the puzzle to move from clue to clue, it just keeps making the puzzle incredibly small.    app needs an update. like for real.
I like the sheffer and joseph puzzles the best and I can no longer get them. I loved this app. Now I am thinking about uninstalling. Please fix this and change my mind.
I love this app and use it just about everyday, but it seems the amount of puzzles is getting smaller. I used to get a notification if a certain puzzle was no longer available. Would be nice if we could be made aware of these changes when they happen.
Would love this if I could check my answers.  There is a place on menu but it is not highlighted so I can't click on it. Please fix or advise.
Sony Tablet S  Great selection of daily puzzles that automatically update, but app keeps resizing the puzzle board each and every time I move to a new square, shrinking it to the top left of the screen.  Practically unusable in this state so hopefully future updates will address this bug.
Up until 3-4 weeks ago this was 5 stars. Now my 2 favorite crosswords have disappeared. What happened to Joseph & Scheffer?? I could always finish those two!
Have no luck whatsoever with getting New York Times on this.  I've been routed several times to the NY Times web site, which I already have a subscription for.  It seems impossible to get this application to hook into that subscription.  It only offers the button "subscribe", but not logon or use subscription.  In essence you're screwed on the NYT.
No more Boston Globe? Or Washington Post? Or Philadelphia Inquirer?  Very disappointed last few months.  What's a 'large-sized' lover to do?
This is by far the best crossword app out there. I'm newly addicted to crossword puzzles but this definitely has helped me get much better. Hopefully I'll finish a NY Times puzzle one day! NY Times offers archived puzzles that you can download on their website...can these be imported to Shortyz???
Have been enjoying app for months.   Having same trouble others have noted with new york times (have subscription).  Any ideas on how to remedy this?
I loved this app, but lately it's buggy and the view (nearly impossible to make larger) is skewed. Upset because I've had this app since my last phone and loved it. Sadly, I think I have to uninstall.
Will not let me toggle automatic downloads. I don't want to download 10+ crosswords. I only do 1 a day. Irritated that its taking up my extremely limited space.
Best crossword ap ever. Five stars for sure.....but please fix the zoom bug! I have had to uninstall and reinstall countless times now because the puzzles become too small to view
Thanks for fixing the flicker issue. Now the app is perfect! If you still get flicker, try force restarting the app or restarting your phone/tablet
Suddenly stopped working.  Now only downloads three puzzles.  What happened?  Was five star, now worthless.  Appears to no longer be supported.
This is the best crossword game/app out there, hands down. With that said, however, a couple more features are sorely missed.  1. The ability to synchronize puzzles and settings across multiple devices using your gmail account. This, I think, is a MUST.  2. The option to customize the location of each part of the puzzle. For example, crossword on bottom, clues on top. Or crossword on top, clues on bottom, single clue only. Just being able to customize the UI to suit each user's desire would be awesome!
Update this!  More than one person has said this app has an issue on JB.  Fix it so us on JB can enjoy it again.  I used this app DAILY and now I can't.
Mostly works amazingly though very suddenly every button I hit shrinks the puzzle to its smallest; making it basically too small to play and there is no stretching it out.  Offer me some troubleshooting options or fix this and you'll get your stars back.
like some people have said below i have to keep uninstalling and installing the program because the zoom gets stuck zoomed all the way out.  love it otherwise though, with all of its customizable settings and im addicted to crosswords now because of it
There should be some setting option to choose default zoom level.   And then some clearly defined way to zoom in and out.
Great app, rendered useless at times due to the view getting skewed. Please fix! This app will be 5 stars all day long once this is fixed.
Great, simple app for crosswords but the most recent update causes the app to crash and not be able to be opened. Also has had some zoom issues in the past
Except that downloading of Washington post puzzles has recently ceased functioning.  I can download anything else but them! It's strange, but still a great app!
Just got a Samsung GS3 and whenever I press a key in the puzzle, the back button in the top left gets highlighted & I can no longer use enter to move to the next clue. I love doing crosswords but I guess I will have to wait for the next update to see if it gets fixed before I play again.
Disappointed that my favorite puzzles aren't loading anymore.  What happened to Newsday?  It's was there last week, now it's gone!
This app used to be my everyday time-killer. But since I've installed the latest update, it force closes on me every single time I open it, without fail. I've tried turning off auto downloads, as well as auto updates, but nothing seems to help. Please fix my favorite app!!!
Best crossword app I have found.  Kinda wish it didn't automatically download puzzles when I open it, but that's nit-picky.
app crashes every time its set to sort by source. have to clear cache and data to restore access or remove/reinstall app. minor annoyance, but otherwise a good app.
Fonts are sooo small on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet. I can read the fonts if I have the tablet pretty close, but it makes enjoying the game with the family a challenge.  We absolutely love this app and use it daily.
I love this app. I use it pretty much every day on my commute. However, recently the Washington Post puzzles stopped downloading. Did something change?
ever since i upgraded to ics, the interface is garbage. no zoom, and the puzzles are tiny. it's almost impossible to see the clues.
As soon as I enter a letter the puzzle shrinks into the top left hand corner of the screen. If I double tap to zoom it shrinks again on typing first letter. Unusable...VERY frustrating
The developer seems to have abandoned it and many of the crosswords no longer download (Newsday, Washington Post, etc.).
Really loved this app before but all of a sudden it stated crashing & will no longer let me even open the app! Please fix!
Started playing awhile back and loved it. The one day the puzzles shrunk and could get the size back to normal. Uninstalled.
Except a few minor bugs like screen skewing sometimes it works pretty well. Good database of puzzles. Does not cost a dime. My wife and I solve together and love it.
I've downloaded and paid for a lot of crossword apps for various PDAs and smartphones. Shortyz does a great job and kebernet stays on top of new developments. It was already a good app on an Android phone, but on the XOOM tablet, it's a beaut. The download feature makes getting my daily fix a breeze. Great Job!
As a subscriber of the NYT Premium Crossword Puzzles, and a fan of rebus puzzles, I am disappointed each time a Thursday puzzle comes up that just so happens to be a rebus.  Looks like I'll have to switch over to Crosswords by Stand Alone Inc.
I've tried *many* crossword apps, both on iOS and Android platforms. This is the best of the best, and it's even free! It beats Standalone Crosswords' $10 app by a mile as well from both stability and customization standpoints.  Excellent app, and has replaced all of my other crossword apps. I don't even do crosswords on my iPad any more, as this is a superior app on Android.
Only problem is that there are now zoom issues. I can deal with then for the most part, except for the fact that the clues no longer display on screen. Perhaps its because I updated my phone to ics (htc mt4gs), though.
Obviously the best crossword app for ios or android but has unexpectedly stopped working. Bug fix please?
This is the best crossword app out there and the most addictive. There are so many puzzles to enjoy. It allows the not so smart, like me, help solve the puzzles and gain knowledge at the same time. It's Awesome!
It was only one I could complete. It got me to go to harder and bigger ones but never complete others. Bring back Josephs!!!
Only criticism is clues very small and hard to read on Galaxy Tab  screen.  Have had on phone for over 12 months with no problems.
Latest update a step backwards. Will not zoom beyond GS4 screen size. Will not download Scheffer and Joseph's crosswords. GUI looks better, BUT app is now worse.
Love this bad boy - downloads huge numbers of new crosswords every day, and runs like a champ. My only complaint would be that some of the preferences are not clearly explained, and some of them don't take effect until you exit the app and go back in again (such as changing the behaviour after you reach the end of a word)
... I also have the zoom issue. I cannot play it on my Galaxy 3 because each time I click on the puzzle, it zooms out and becomes illegible. Can't figure out how to fix it.
I have been using this app for almost two years. It gives me my morning fix with coffee. Unfortunately Thomas Joseph and sheffers  do not download daily anymore. Will rate five stars once that is corrected.
Would be much better if it would stop auto-zooming out to the point of being unusable. This is extremely annoying.
Sometimes having an older version of Android is a good thing. Not having any of the problems I'm reading about here, thankfully, except that the Washington Post puzzle doesn't DL anymore as a few have also reported.
I like that you can download puzzles daily, but I have an issue with my galaxy s3 where the board gets distorted when I try to navigate from clue to clue. It gets annoying, but at least it it's a lot faster now to exit the puzzle and come back in.
I love this App. I use it daily. I have tried others and they just don't work as well as this app does. You can't go wrong with this one.
Great app but since I upgraded my phone to the galaxy s3, I've been having multiple issues with the zoom. Every time I try to zoom in, it actually zooms out. I have to restart the app just to get it to work right.
I love the app and use it almost daily, but it appears to be broken since updating to 4.3 on my Nexus 4. The app stops as soon as I try to open a crossword
I used this app for a long time but now it no longer opens. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still doesn't work.
Worked great until an automatic update today ruined the app.  It force closes so I've had to uninstall. I have an HTC One X and usually do not have problems with most apps made for android.  Please fix!!!!
Recently updated to Jellybean 4.3, now app closes as soon as a puzzle is opened. Hopefully the issue will be resolved soon.
I have a Samsung g s3. Love the selection of xwords but the app sometimes shrinks the xword every time I type a letter.  Too small to see. I am uninstalling.
Easily the best crossword app I've tried for Android, and the best part is that it pulls in daily crosswords from other sources so you never run out.
Was using this daily until August 3, 2013. Now I can't do anything with it until it is fixed. Might as well uninstall and find another app. Who has time to wait on a fix?
Crashes when I open the app. HTC one s with latest os. My favourite app, but can't use anymore. Tried reinstalling as well, but no luck
This is the crossword app I'm willing to pay for.  Latest update made puzzle shrink uncontrollably but reinstalling fixed it.
Been a happy user for years. Update comes out and now it won't even open any puzzles ... pauses then crashes for "unknown reason"
Just started this morning...Galaxy SIII - click on a line, entire program zooms out.  Hit back/just does funky things.  Can't make it stay "big".  Help?
It drains my battery even when I'm not using it. Also, "people" is malfunctioning.
For me, this is the best in structure.  But I have not used it for months because the puzzles I like don't download.  If the Washington Post doesn't download, then remove it from the list.  Just a kindness for your users.
Loved the app until the last update.  The zooming issues are killing me!
Is a great apparently but please fix the zoom and sizing issues...to hard to read with my eyes and constantly fighting to zoom and resize.
Fortunately, after reinstalling the app worked great.....for one game! The, back to the postage stamp sized puzzle. Last update was the game killer. Sorry
I was excited about having several crosswords to choose from, but found out that any time I tried to move to a new word area, the puzzle shrank to a quarter of my screen. Very annoying!
As others have stated, app suddenly stopped downloading certain puzzles. Options are limited now making this app sucky..
no problems if you ask me... greAt time killer... and i never get tired of it bc of the updates!!! awesomely awesome... lol...
Used to love this app, but now as soon as I try to open it, it just force closes on me.  This happens every single time now.
The program worked fine, but now I am on jelly bean and it crashes immediately after opening. A forced close. I can't play this app anymore.
Alas, another Nexus S user experiencing forced closing on startup. Used to play everyday!
I love the great selection of puzzles, but if I accidentally turn my S4 sideways to landscape mode it shrinks the puzzle and going back to portrait doesn't resize it. Hard to then resize it. Fix that and I'll give it 5 stars.
I used to love this app but it stopped downloading new puzzles. I can't get it to start back up. Samsung Galaxy SII.
I'm having to force downloads instead of automatic like its set on. And where's the Washington post puzzle now??
Now my phone won't stop downloading puzzles even after I deleted/removed the app. Hate this app
I love this app. My only issue is the zoom problem. Otherwise, great for puzzlers of all different levels
I've been using this app for a couple of years now and it's great! New puzzles all the time, and you can easily download from the archives. My one request is a "next clue" button for jelly bean, like the magnifying glass on my nexus s.
I don't know if it's my phone or the app, but I haven't been able to open the app lately. So, I just uninstalled it and am downloading it again to see if it'll work this time. I hope it does!
I love being able to download archived puzzles from a variety of sources. I have to be careful, though--it can occupy me for hours.  If you love crossword puzzles, I recommend giving this app a shot.
Love this app Never without a puzzle. To solve the problem of the minimizing puzzle, close the app and clear the RAM in the task manager
Since the new update when I tap on a clue the puzzle gets small and when choose to fit to screen it won't stay. I can't do the puzzle if I can't see it.
Unfortunately this app has become unusable recently due to an issue with the zoom function.  It will not stay zoomed in when working on a puzzle. Moving the cursor will reset the zoom, making the text too small. Please fix the zoom!
All the big puzzles, even from days ago. I think my productivity at work just plummeted.
I just completed my first puzzle then asked it to show what I'd gotten wrong. It marked the whole puzzle. So I asked it to reveal the right answers and it was all gibberish. I'm not sure if it was set to another language or what. Very disappointing
This used to be one of my favourite apps on Samsung Note. But now the grid has shrunk to about a third the size of the screen so it's unplayable. Please fix.
I thought this app was perfect until People stopped downloading. Also, why is People never available when you try to download it from different dates?
I've happily used this program for years, but now I can't download new puzzles. Since I got my new phone and installed the app it downloaded a batch of games that day but now it does nothing when I click download, no matter what date I pick. HTC one s.
Great app until a week ago. If you haven't already done so, please send a debug report via the menu in the app to let the developer know about the issue and state a much relevant info as you can.
It has some very serious zoom in issues that I'm sure the most inept intern could reprogram.  Double tap zoom is broken and if the program is left for whatever reason.. it comes back way to small to use.  Galaxy s3.
I use this occasionally, but it has an annoying habit of freezing up for a second every ten secs or so, thinking I had done a long press when I hadn't. So I'm constantly having to wait for a sec or two all the time. Otherwise I like it.
Cannot play due to zoom bug
When I try to scroll down it stops and closes. Reported it twice but still not fixed.
Before getting my current phone I would have rated this higher. On the RAZR M the keyboard background color is off and produces a white on light grey keyboard, very hard to see. Email the dev over a week ago but haven't gotten any response.
A lot of the settings don't work. Too bad or it would be a great app
This used to be a really great app but with the recent updates it just doesn't work well anymore.
I love this app!  Not downloading sheffer or Joseph  puzzles. When fixed will 5 star again.
I've used this app for a long time and recently it stopped downloading my puzzles. What happened? I love this app!!
This used to be my favorite app until the last update. Now any time I click to begin answering a clue it zooms out so small it can't be played. Please fix, uninstalling until then
Sometimes the errors do not show in all puzzles.
Nice time killer app. Still has zooming issues and problems with People magazine puzzles.
Great app! A pleasure to use. I love that the dev took time to add in-app explanations of app functions and rationale, and maintain a detailed change log. Feature set is perfect (at least for me).
Constantly zooms to smallest screen with every tap on my Samsung Galaxy S2.  Can only be reset by restarting phone.  Causes phone to freeze.  Uninstalled.
This was my favorite app until it broke. Clicking anywhere just zooms out so I cant see anything now.
How did i live without them?  Fantastic app-- i am now among the oboe, epee, edam adoring elite.
Love the puzzles, but if you don't touch the phone for a minute, or it changes as the phone moves, the inputted words disappear. The hell?
I can't even start this app.  I have tried numerous ideas, which helped slightly, but now the app doesn't open at all.
This is a great app for crosswords, but I constantly get an issue where the crossword board zooms out to the point where it's unreadable.  If I zoom in, any button tap will zoom it out right away.
App zooms all the way out from time to time, making it impossible to read, and can't be zoomed back in until the phone is restarted.
Loved this game, now difficult to play due to zooming out on its own, setting changes don't fix it.
Doesn't work on jellybean just says "unfortunatly app has stopped"
I love this but recently whenever I touch the screen, the puzzle shrinks to very small size...help!
For a day or two, works well; then begins dropping answers when phone is rotated or program is closed.  Reinstall fixes for a day or two only.
Awesome puzzles, but the pink boxes are VERY discouraging. Who cares if I didn't get that word right on the first try?
I used to love this app.  Now I'm sick of the constant repeat puzzles.
Why did I lose the crosswords "Josephs" & "Sheffer " and also I have had the same exact "people" puzzle for.many weeks. What is going on?
Great on my tablet, but doesn't work worth a dick on my GS3. Interface is horrible on phones.
It was great until they updated it and ruined it with the zooming issue. Please fix it!
Please fix the zoom issues. Other than that, great app.
I love love love this app but now it says please wait for about a minute then says shortyz has stopped :/
I've had it for a couple of years, but suddenly having the same trouble as others...it's crashing trying to open it. Getting ready to reinstall for second time...fingers crossed!
Agree with others . Worked good til update?  Now so small can't see. Good otherwise.  Please fix.
The zoom feature still doesn't work.  It makes the app unusable.  I'm using a galaxy S II
Fantastic app, always works for me. However, some puzzles include numerals in the answers but it won't allow me to enter them even with native keyboard enabled. Would really appreciate a fix for this.
It's fallen out of support though! No more newsday :-( bugs still persistent etc
Love how you can download new puzzles everyday. I play whenever i get quiet time.
I can't believe this is a free app and you get access to some many crossword puzzles!
Great app, wonderful interface. I love it. But does anyone know how to get the NY Times puzzles to download? It used to, but hasn't for the past few months...
Currently has null pointer exception with 4.3 on my nexus 4.  Tons of features, works great.  I'd like some french crosswords, but otherwise, perfect.
Didn't know this was so great! Daily and weekly GOOD puzzles, updated as often as you like! If you like crosswords, this APP is a must!
Puzzle size changes at random when opening a puzzle.  No word advance on Galaxy S3.
I just got a new HTC with boost mobile and the puzzles won't work anymore.
Loaded to the teeth with spamware. Loaded all sorts of things upon first launch. Avoid this "game"!
On my Captivate this game was great but on my Xperia it keeps on adding the letter P onto blanks and causing problems even completing boards. Still getting Ps randomly. Any updates coming?
Im from UK so it is hard to understand  Im a clever person but not when its all american
It wont show me when a answer is wrong I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still wont work other than that I love this app
The NY Times "Classic" is the same puzzle every week.  Very, very annoying.
Works great. Life changer for those of us who love crosswords and have significant down times in our lives.
Really, good. Love the variety and automatic downloads. Would be 5 stars if the clues indicated multi-word answers, i.e. 9 might actually be 3, 6 or 2, 1,6,etc.
I can't gush enough about this app. There's one minor bug that doesn't affect play.
Love this app. Out of nowhere tho, everything I open a puzzle the screen zooms in and out whenever I touch it. Going to uninstall and try again.
Used to be good but with the Droid update, doesn't seem to work anymore (puzzle shrinks, hard to move between clues, loss of puzzle name at top, no more Washington Post)
I can't play it anymore, it automatically zooms out :(
Force close when I open.. started yesterday. Sucks because I really liked this app
Same issue as previous comment: problems with zoom feature.
This app sucks it gets stuck in the notification bar this guy sucks take it off stupid
It has taken to resizing very small in the corner. No matter what, it won't resize. Even tried reinstalling. Please fix.
Played once and now it crashes on launch.
I love the app, but right now it's having issues where it zooms out whenever it wants. Pls fix!
The app was closing down after an update.  Now it it working again. Good crossword app.
Where did the Washington Post puzzle go? I love this app, but really miss my WaPost puzzle! Can you bring it back please? Otherwise, great app!
Used to love this app but the zoom issues are killing me! Please fix!!!!!
For some reason the New York Times Classic is ALWAYS the same puzzle...
No good if you do not know much about the country.
On my ET4G. But works great on my kindle fire. Would be 5 stars if I could use it on my phone too. Uninstalled.
I used this app daily until it crashed a few days ago and now won't open even with a reinstall and cache refresh. HELP Shortyz!!
Only occasionally functions; most often it crashes.
I love this app except this new update makes the error hints not work. :(
It crashed today and wouldn't come back. Before that it was great.
Tons of fun, I enjoy it immensely. But People's puzzle doesn't work correctly. Fix that & you'll get the 5th star!
No longer works on Nexus S Jelly Bean :(
Where did the Sheffer puzzles go?
Lines calls for I, _______ (will Smith) and it claims that the answer is Robet, not Robot. Smh... Uninstall asap.
Love the puzzles.  However always zoomed out makes it too hard too see clues and letters.  Also orientation will not fix at portrait.
Works fine until the puzzle shrinks to where you can hardly see it. WTH?
Keeps zooming out when I tap the screen! Ain't nobody got eyes for that! Please fix! :)
Now when I tap on the puzzle anywhere it gets small. Even after I zoom in on it!
Am unable no turn off hint highlighting whatever I do ... not remotely challenging if the hints are turned on
Great if your an American not so good for anyone outside of the USA though as Americans spell everything differently
Where did Sheffer and Joseph go? Why doesn't the app download it anymore!
Force closes when downloading "jonesin" puzzles (which are my favorite) . 5 stars if fixed.
Downloaded a bunch of random crap on my phone.
My favorite app. Great puzzles -- new ones constantly following. I'm hooked. Thanks Robert Cooper! >It's awesome<
I love this app, but the system has stopped downloading joseph and scheffer puzzles. Any reason why?
This app is great but lately I haven't been able to download some of the puzzles. Specifically the Joseph and sheffer ones.
This was one of my favorite apps but the zoom has completely ruined it! Please fix it!
Some update or something made it stop working completely. Before that, 5 stars.
Lately it's been taking too long for all the puzzles to load and until all of then do, I can't access any of them on the list. Bummer. 2 stars until that changes. Galaxy X
Loved this app very helpful but now it doesn't download all of the puzzles listed. Need help
It is really boring
Washington post stopped though and that was my favorite.  I as Suspect that's not the fault of the app though.
Download the puzzle using Chrome. Then open the download app and click on the .puz file. That should do it.
This is the most-used app on my phone. Lots of sources available, with plenty of ways to set up input how you like.
No longer fits to screen, highlights mistakes, etc... Was my favorite most usef app.
Since last week I cannot download Joseph or Scheffer puzzles, and they're my favorites. What gives..?
I struggled too much
Exactly what you want in a puzzle program. Great settings for novice users and great access to puzzles.
but now the puzzle keeps zooming out.
The best traditional crosswords app, bar none. Look no further.
This is the best app ever. I love crosswords and I can do a dozen a day. I just can't believe it's free
As many others have stated, it has stopped downloading some puzzles (people magazine)
It would be amazing if it did not install things on its own, i looked at my phone and i had an entire list of things being installed.
My letters that I enter won't save anymore!! This is the first time this has happened. This is my favorite app!! Please fix it!!
Where did sheffer puzzles go? Won't download them now on my galaxy s3.
Love it!! But every time i delete a puzzle it takes me back to the top
Was working perfect until today,  now the puzzles shrink down to the size of a quarter. Incredible S
Great crossword app nice crosswords. Interface is tricky but still good.
It's the best, most convenient crossword puzzler on Play. Plus, it's open-source.
Essentail app on my phone but most recent updates zoom issues make it unuseable
I love this app but lately it will not download all of the puzzles that it should. I hope they get that fixed
Washington Post stopped downloading.
I wish you could manually download some puzzles wthout adding to the auto download list.
Much better than using pen and paper, and an endless supply of free daily crosswords!
The app has stopped working...it will download puzzles...but the app itself won't open...even after uninstalling and reinstalling...any suggestions
Somehow will not appear when daily downloaded. They r my favorite besides Newsday.
I like the app, but it wants to zoom way out anytime I tap on the puzzle.
Great app but has quit twice now and had to be removed. :-(
This is a great app. It works well and has a wide variety of daily puzzles available for free.
The zooming in and out is VERY frustrating, otherwise a cool app.
I love the app, but it won't work on my new RAZR HD for some reason.
Easily my favorite app that I have installed. Not a day goes by that I don't spend time in it.
At least, best I've found. Huge number of sources and easy to use.
It would be a 5 if my bluetooth keyboard worked with the puzzles.
I love this app....I never leave reviews but I had to this time. Definatly give it a try!! :-)
Simply a phenominal ap to aggregate as many real and challenging crosswords as you'll ever need.
This app is great! It runs smoothly, has no ads, and has every feature that i need.
Cannot download NY Times puzzles even WITH a subscriptions. WTF?
It was amazing, after the update you can't use it the cross word map is 1 inch by 1 inch please fix!!!!!
Who'd give it a 5 star but a few bugs need to be fixed, favorite puzzle!
Love doing my crosswords while I listen to my daily podcasts. Thanks dev!
Boston globe puzzles don't load. Setting don't change when toggled. But great puzzle power!
Wish there wouldn't be less and less puzzles! Seems like its getting to be less and less maintained.
nice layout but it isn't general knowledge, i did not understand most of them
I've tried other cw apps and so far,this is the best1!
Works on Samsung epic as well as asus transformer infinity. Thanks for finally adding tablet support.
It doesn't zoom anymore.  Please fix, then I'll give 5 stars
I play daily with no bugs and enjoy solving the puzzles.
All free puzzles updated daily and a feature-rich interface.
Up to date crosswords,  plenty of variety,  never lags or freezes! *hugs* to the developers!!!
Love this app. Good variety of puzzles, and (for the most part) easy to use.
This was my favorite app...had it for years. But now it won't load.  Please address.
I'm hugely addicted to these crosswords.
Great. New puzzles every day. Good interface
Won't even let open the app use to work fine before updating.
Please fix the people's
Can't open a puzzle, force closes. Galaxy S3
No longer downloads joseph or scheffer puzzles. Since about two weeks ago.
Can't download half what they show available
Loved this app, but now the puzzles are constantly zooming out. Fix this asap please!!
Let me use my own .puz files please, would give 5 stars.
What's more, it's fun.
New puzzles everyday for free!!
Can't say enough about how great this app is.
It was awesome until it stopped working.
Can't download people magazine puzzles.
If you love crossword puzzles, then you'll love this. Thanks for the app.
Great app. Some of the crosswords tend to be rather US- centric, still mostly very good.
Great job for a one man dev team... Your work is highly appreciated
Rave! I open it everyday!
A perfect app for the crossword puzzle fan.
This is my favorite app...like ever. I absolutely love it!
Easy to use with lots of puzzle choices. No issues, use it every day.
I just love these puzzles. Definatly 5 stars!
Awesome, and except no zoom when my galaxy s3 is held sideways
What happened to the Newsday puzzles!?!
Still top of its class, no question.
It downloads the puzzles every day. Good keyboard and options.
Works ok most of the time
Simply can't demand anything more from this app!
This is a great crossword puzzle app, keep up the great work!
What happened to showing incorrect letters playing on android
Love this app. Really helps when im stressed and is very fun!
Easily the best cross word app on any platform ever
Couldn't ask for more
Appears to working great. Love the variety of puzzles.
Simple, no frills, works great.
Great way to kill time.
Easy to use, stable, several new puzzles per day.
love this app. Thanks for providing it free. Use it every day.
But what happened to the news day x words
Easy to download free puzzles!
Great app. Love the variety of puzzles. Easy to control and type.
Text is way to small and I have perfect vision.
Love it.  Great entertainment.
What happened to Washington post though?
Best crossword app I've played yet
Its Awesome !! Its the best crossword puzzle app in the market..Cheers !!
Best crossword app on android bar none
Great way to pass the time. Highly recommend.
Perfect for crossword lovers!
The best crossword app by far.
not bad, passes the time.
World great love it
Love it
so great!
Always liked this app..
Chicago Trib puzzle and all!!
Needs  a night mode
Pure crossword awesomeness. Highly recommended.
I absolutely love this app!
Great app. Works flawlessly.
Does exactly what it says. Me likey.
Best crossword app!
The best app in the entire store
Just what I was looking for.
Settings broken
Good time killer.
Great for passing the time :)
Love it!
Best crossword app
It just works.
Love this app.
Best crossword app.
Great App !!
Love it!
Great little app
Great!!!
Fantastic.
The Best.
Was great
Awesome
Love it
Love it
Excellent
I am adding my voice to the chorus regarding NYT puzzles no longer downloading.  I am another NYT subscriber who has been using this app for well over a year.  For some reason, I can no longer download the NYT puzzles.  Please fix what used to be a truly great app!  (Previous rating was 5 stars.)  Amendment:  I think I wrongly blamed Shortyz; change seems to be with the NYT.  Restoring 5 star rating.
When the app first launches it isn't downloading or installing spyware. Those are the crossword puzzles being downloaded from a number of places all at once. Calm down. That said, I can't get this to run anymore on my rooted and ROMd Galaxy Nexus. Which is a shame.
Usually very satisfied, and I appreciate the removal of the heinous title bar. However, I'm frustrated both with the current lack of NYT puzzles and the fact that the snap to current word feature seems to have stopped functioning.
I want the old version back. I do not like the new layout. Updates should make things better not worse. If nothing else give us the option to change back or something.
Used to use this app so much but since jellybean update has had numerous issues (skewed puzzle for one) and now doesn't even start so had to uninstall completely.
I love shortyz and hope this is a temporary problem~ I just unboxed my nexus 7. I can not download new york times crosswords on it even though I am a premium crosswords subscriber and they are downloading on my other devices.  This is my first look at the jellybean update, and I prefer the clues at the top of the screen like in 3.1.5.
Was, IMHO, the best crossword app available. But after sending several crash reports for force close with no fix, I'm deleting.
I am a crossword addict and I always was dragging a book of them around whenever I went away , now I have them on my phone and I can do them wherever I am...bravo and thank you!!!!! Sincerely, Joe
I've been using this app for over a year, and all of a sudden, the NYT Crossword doesn't load. It says that it's downloading, but it doesn't actually load it onto the list. It's a great app, but this is a major problem.
Finally I found the one app that could help me understand people who are always on their phones! Now I'm addicted too!
I don't need other clues except 'current selected' clue. Please bring older version interface back. Otherwise I'am going to use another app...
Zoom functions quit working on droid 1. Got stuck on too-large zoom and it won't zoom back out. Really hosed.
Great selection, easy to navigate, clues are available (word or letter)they even give your time to complete.For the crossword puzzle purist this app is a gem!
Poorly made app, way to touchy
Even better than any of the payed crossword puzzle apps. Amazing how this app pulls puzzles from the major papers DAILY.
Great app! Enough puzzles updated daily to keep you busy. Must have if you like crosswords.
Easy to hard puzzles every day. I look forward to the new downloads daily.
A well coded piece of software. Easy to use and great time killer.
Have tried others. Never do so again. This is the best!
Works well on my HTC EVO Shift.
Wish there was an easier way to delete the archive
Love this app. Never had a problem with it.  Enjoy all the options.
A must for those that like crosswords.
Woo so fun yall
The best out there
Works great on Android.
Great crossword app!!!
It doesn't feed the NYT crosswords anymore!! I am a subscriber and have inputted my name and password. It worked at 1st but not anymore. Please fix!
Thank you, Robert.  This is a great App.  It has made me a better crossword puzzler.
Was my all-time faviorite. Used it many hours a day, but now too awkward - it's useless! Please bring back clues at top with large puzzle area as before. I really miss this app. Will update back to 5 starsvwhen fixed. Gtab
I use this app more than anything else on my phone, and have never had any sort of trouble. Functional, stable, intuitive, and just plain rad. Can't believe this amazing program is still free. If you do crosswords, you would be silly to choose another app.
I love Shortyz Crosswords! Its the only app i use everyday. However, after the latest update, interface doesn't look good on the Samsung Galaxy Tab. Makes me wish I didn't update at all. Please fix, I liked the old interface just fine.
Well the latest update has buggered the app for Galaxy Note users....the clues across the top have disappeared. Otherwise it's great....apart from Yank spelling in the crosswords  ;-)
Sort by source = force close at each startup. App completely unusable even after reinstall. Best crossword app for 2+ years, but has been broken for weeks now. 5* once this is fixed.
Just downloaded app & really like it but was frustrated initially trying to figure out how to change direction from Across to Down.  Was about to give up on it & uninstall when I accidentally  stumbled on the solution to the problem.  So now I love it but needs some detailed instructions which I was unable to find.  Please fix for other new users.  Thank you!   Mary
I made the mistake of updating it. Now a sitracting blue bar shows up at the top of the puzzles. Other than this, it is great
I agree with "awful" comment.  I usr samsing galaxy small tablet.  It is impossible to do the puzzles now that the clues can't follow the portrait orientation on my tabley.  This really is too bad.
The app has taken over, and now I don't buy any newspapers because I have no reason to.
The best free CW puzzle I've seen so far. Ups: Several Sources for CWs each day. Downs: Down clues do not follow your across inputs. Clue navigation in general is not smooth requiring a drag motion only or on-screen up/down/left/right arrows.
The previous version was sooooo much better when the clues were on the top!  i think im gonna have to delete
Please bring back clues in the top bar for the other 3 stars. I love this app, but can't use it until you update this.
Uninstall all other crossword apps because you won't need them. So complete it satisfies any crossword junkie.
But needs an update for jellybean...getting a crazy skewed screen randomly...update introduces download bug...horrible now fitness 7, please fix asap as the app is now unusable
Droid Razr ICS, latest update makes puzzle zoom way out whenever I tap anything. Double-tapping will zoom back in normally, but any tap after will zoom right back out. Puzzle is illegible, please fix.
I used this app daily until the update but now the puzzle will not stay full screen.
The app is excellent, I have absolutely no complaints at all. The only downside is that since the app is free, I can't find a single place to donate!
Love this ap. Use it nearly every day. New fun puzzles daily and easy to understand design. One of my faves. Excellent job
This is in my top 5 of apps I use the most.  Gotta have it.
Would love more sources, but this is great so far.
Great app for all crossword lovers.
Love this app. Play it everyday.
Best crossword game that I've found.
Much fun, never crashes.
Love this app!
Useful when on long bus rides.
Works great!
The best
I love this appi!  Ive been using this for the last couple of years.  I have not had any problems with it.  Every day there are lots of new crosswords for all levels.  There have been some updates although i never thought it really required them. The only appi i still use regularly for entertainment. Thanks!
Love this game - great support - great for those times when u have a few mins to kill
So far, I LOVE this app.
Thanks for the jb fix!
The best, easy to use, I love it.
Best crossword app
Fantastic!
Thanks Shortyz!!!
Love this app!
Everything you could ask for in a crossword app, and it's free. Although it's worth paying for.  Tons and tons of puzzles. Need more? Just select a date from 365 days a year and it will download any puzzle each of its 14 sources had published on that particular date. What's really amazing is that you can select any date going all the way back to 1970! I haven't tested it yet so I don't know how far back you can actually get puzzles from, but even if it's a few years, that's more puzzles than anyone could probably do in a lifetime.
For those who want something more engaging than a wordsearch or just simply like exercising the brain, this is the app for you. There's several different crosswords to choose from, with some offering hints to help you along the way. For a free app with no ads I'm really impressed with its features. I agree with Holly (18/4) about perhaps adding British crosswords if possible.
Love the large access to crosswords. Now that I've been using this app for a while, I can narrow down the crosswords to download. This app also doesnt take up too much space and it can be set to auto-delete old puzzles. Wish there was a 'next clue' arrow to scroll through clues easily.  I'm on a Samsung Galaxy S2 Epic Touch.
There are a lot, and I mean a lot of crappy crossword apps out there.  This is really the *only* one I have ever liked and it is very good for many reasons the least of which is that you can download from a number of great sources (USA Today is my favorite),  This is probably one of my most used apps and a candidate for my personal apps Hall of Fame.  I loved it so much that I made a backup of the APK and side loaded it my Kindle Fire, now I have an even better way to do crosswords every day and using this on a tablet brings a whole new enjoyment level. Thanks guys for developing this wonderful program.  We are not worthy!
It needs a little work. All of the "People" puzzles download with a red bar showing the puzzle is wrong. This is before I even work it. When finished completely & correctly, the red bar is still there! Also agree with other posts about going to next word on grid. Fix both, you get 5 stars!
This is a great crossword application that has a good variety of crosswords, including Sheffer, Joseph, LA Times, New York Times Classic and Current (the latter with subscription) and many, many more! My personal favorite is the weekly The Onion A.V. Club.  This crossword app includes a timer, a fair way to reveal hints if you are stuck, the option to customize your keyboard with arrows (or even use your native keyboard), and the ability to zoom in and out with ease.  My only concerns: the timer does not seem to pause if you go into a call.  Also, it would be great if I could load my own puzzle files from other sources not included.
This is, by far, the best crossword app I have ever found on the Google Play Store. Anytime that I have had issues in-app, I emailed the author and received a fix back within the hour. Absolutely phenomenal. Would recommend for any and all crossword enthusiasts. The large range of sources to choose from for downloads just adds to the enjoyment.
Wonderful implementation of crosswords on a touchscreen device. This app pulls real, professionally edited crosswords. No simplified,  nonstandard garbage. Intuitive controls make this the only cw app on my phone. Essential for those downtimes when pen and paper are too cumbersome. Good set of customization options, too. More sources would be a bonus, but I love what's available already.
Great! Free! A great app and you can't beat the price. The other app I was looking at was $9.99! That one might be better but I'm not paying that much to find out. (it's rating wasn't as good).   (note to the rater who wanted to know what the yellow bar means. It means you've started the puzzle but haven't finished.)
I was never really into crosswords until I tried this app. Now I can't get enough! It automatically finds and downloads new puzzles, and then you're ready to go! Good variety of puzzles keeps it interesting. Does what it's supposed to do, and does it well.
The settings to delete unfinished puzzles does not work.  It takes up memory. I have the settings on delete after two days and a week later they are still there.  If not for that I would give it 5 stars.  I deleted the game and reloaded it and the old games came back.  This time I am deleting it for good.
I love crossword puzzles and tried numerous apps. Some good, some bad, but none as feature filled and easy to use as this fantastic app. Be aware I upgraded to jelly bean today and have begun having an issue with the grid screen skewing to where the app is unusable but a restart or using the clue list allows me to continue using app.  Truly worthy of the 5 stars.
I absolutely LOVE this app. Only problem is the People Magazine puzzles are messed  up. The answers are gibberish so maybe it's a programming  error? Other than that, this is hands down my favorite app.
Haven't had a problem until just a few days ago. Black screen of death on opening. Puzzles appear to be dling, but nothing appears on screen.Please address this! Need my crossword fix :(
This is a pretty good app.  I only have two gripes, but they're big.  First the navigation is awful.  There's no way to go to the next unsolved clue in the direction you're currently working on in grid mode.  This makes it difficult to scan through the puzzle solving the stuff you know quickly.    Second, there's no support for rebus answers, or the additional description that sometimes comes with the puzzle.  These are sometimes required to solve the puzzle correctly.
For some reason, after I fill in a word, it jumps down instead of naturally to the right.  It takes several taps to get back where I want to be and several more to get it in the correct direction and on the correct square.  Also, clues involving current texting abbreviations are ridiculous.
My favorite ones are not being downloaded at all making this app pretty useless. Please fix it I really loved this app on my other device
Great app. Have been using it for years. But recently just stopped dling NYT crosswords for which i have a subscription. Also stopped adding boston globe. Very annoying. Have tried uninstall/reinstall, reboot. Nothing seems to work. Help! Need my times xword!
Fun even for the novice crossword enthusiast. I've never been able to figure out all the newspaper puzzles, but with shortyz, I can. It's fun, helpful, and will keep you trying to solve even the hardest ones later in the week.
I wish I could give 5 stars. I had this app for years on my last three phones and loved it. A few months ago, the keyboard started getting stuck on the screen. I couldn't go back to start a new puzzle. I would press my homescreen button and the app closed but the keyboard didn't. I had to restart my phone. The app would function for a few puzzles then the keyboard would freeze again. I uninstalled & reinstalled but the same thing happened.
So many apps sound nice, but they want to know your phone number, whether you are on the phone, your location and more stuff irrelevant to the app. This app is fantastic and only asks for internet and SD card access, so it can download and store puzzles. Love it on my HTC Desire.
I dunno if its just a JB problem, but this app is seriously buggy. If you have hardware acceleration on, the whole puzzle skews 45 degrees to the right as soon as you press anything. With it off, the puzzle are tiny  (about 1/4 of the available space). Would also be nice to have an option to use the system keyboard
I really like this app, but I wish there was a way to turn off the "beep" sound that happens anytime you press a letter. It's pretty annoying. And it's kinda dumb that that's not even an option, to have it turned off.. but that's my only complaint, so good job.
Game is great! Like the variety of crosswords, play options, and scoring. But scores suffer because the keyboard is too small and poorly laid out. Would love option to use system keyboard.
IF the error checker/reveal buttons would work correctly!  Tells me words are wrong when I know they aren't.. the 'reveal' button gives me nothing but gibberish. Its impossible to have a puzzle finished when the checker says everything is wrong.
just downloaded. great time killer a little addictive. just don't know why people magazine won't show errors or just disappear after i delete it. the same people mag puzzle keeps coming back with a red line. how do i make it go away?
This app works well, and the price can't be beat. I have only run into two minor issues. I can't turn off the wrong letter indicator, and I wish I could hide clues once I have filled in the answer.
Saying goodbye. This used to be a great app, but now it sucks. Still force closing. I cant even scroll down to earlier and not started puzzles without it crashing. I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app and got the same response. Reported this on the crash feedback and got no response from the developer.      (Earlier review follows)  Was a five star, now a two due to the constant force close/crash. Very annoying. Please fix or sadly I will have to say good bye.
I don't say this lightly, this is a greatly written crossword app. And it's free to boot. Great job all around and would recommend highly. The options are boggling.
@TiGrrGrrR says: OMG! I am soooo sorry! I honestly thought I had rated the game already! Again, I am SOOOO SORRY! So, as "they" say, Better Late than Never ... Here goes the rating: I have found Shortyz Crossword Game to be ABSOLUTELY, POSITIVELY, FABULOUSLY FANTABULOUS! As well as_ABSTOTISLY, POSOLUTELY, FANTASAMAGORICALLY, AWESOME! Without a doubt it is Totally Fantastic FUN! Please allow me to explain ... I love crosswords. Simply adore them! I was used to an app on Verizon that downloaded a new crossword everyday. One (1) & only one but that was fine by me. It was free & I could always pay $1 a month & get five (5) new puzzles a day. (No Thanks, One (1) is good enough for me, Thank You very much.) However, when I got my new T-Mobile phone & couldn't find any apps that satisfied me, even the paid ones, I was crushed. Luckily for me my Wonderful Husband found this app & all was right with the world again. Actually even better! Still free, more, many more, puzzles with more added all the time! It's endless fun! The user interface is very simple & can be edited to your own taste.	There are other "personal" options as well as being able to reveal a letter, word or the entire puzzle. You can also choose which puzzles you want downloaded & which you don't, as well as when - when you first start the game or not. I wish I could give more stars because the Dev deserves them!
Loved this app and played almost daily but I cant even open it lately. When I do, I have to shut down my whole phone because just hitting the force close button doesn't work. Uninstalling. Will try back later to see if they got all the kinks worked out.
First of all this works great as a crossword aggregator and i use it often.  I have two complaints:  1) I don't like the fact that I  Get dinged for the wrong letter when i fat-finger the wrong letter.  2) The navigation from clue to clue is terrible.  I   can adjust the navigation settings but i have yet to find a setting that works.
Count me among the disappointed users who can no longer download certain puzzles as it seems each day one disappears from the list.  Among my favorites:  Universal, People & now USA Today have all been dropped.  Still a great app as long as there are other puzzles to do, but am hoping for an update.  Edit:  Thanks for the update!
I dont understand why you took away making a letter red when it's wrong.. I liked that feature
Keeps zooming out, making the text too small. Author doesn't respond to emails
Best crossword app by far and best of all free. Would love to see the experimental puzzles fleshed out further. Love the cryptics but can't see if I've started them or not from the listing screen because they just show in red.
This was a very enjoyable game, but the past few weeks it has caused lock ups. I have tried uninstalling and reloading but that fails to work too. Has an update caused this?
can't get NYTimes to download anymore. Have triple checked subscription info, uninstalled/ reinstalled  but nothing works. Shame, I miss it.
Fun and easy to use. Only complaint is I've been unable to disable the shading of squares with incorrectly played letters -takes away any challenge significantly.
Love doing these puzzles but have tried clearing the archives because my phone was running slow & when I hit the clear button it always crashed my motorola android. Very annoying. I would think that would be a bug to be fixed or it may be my phone. I installed it for a while & then reinstalled bc I can't find a better crossword puzzle app it there
Love this app, use it everyday on my commute. After last update it stopped working. Force quit on open. Unfortunate, but hopefully will be back soon.
The app is awesome. It handles the puzzles exceptionally well, with various options that all work and don't crash my phone :-) The only drawback is the puzzles seem to be sourced from the USA, with lots of clues that people not native may need to cheat to solve. :-)
Love this app! I used to just bring the newspaper with me on the train to work. Now I got tons of crosswords to choose from! Good work!  Going to email the developer with a suggestion though. The placement of the arrow keys is a little off-putting. They are order in Up, Down, Left, Right. Maybe it's just my personal preference but I think they should be Left, Up, Down, Right for ease of moving around the crossword.
I have used shortyz for two years almost now to do my favorite crosswords, but since the last update and reinstalling the settings no longer work. I cannot get highlighted clues, I cannot turn off download notifications and puzzles download automatically no matter what. Very disappointed that an almost prefer app has gone to the dogs....
Would rate better but cheat boxes not turning red. Like to know when I've made a mistake. Emailed the developer to no avail... bug still not fixed!
Makes the screen go fuzzy sometimes while entering letters.  Not enough to remove, but still a pain.
Great and easy to us.  Only problem is that enter key only moves to next word on the same line.  It won't jump to the next line forcing one to move by tapping the screen.
Quite a few of the listed puzzles no longer download. It would be better if the puzzle urls were exposed. Unfortunately, it has been 7 months since the last update, and the dev site link no longer works either. Sad to see it go.
I have had this app for several months and it has worked great until today. I can no longer open the app, despite force quitting, uninstalling, and reinstalling several times. Hoping this is resolved soon, it's otherwise an excellent app.
I have had this app for a long time and it's great for those long boring moments waiting for your appointment, or a long car ride...there have been lots of times where this app came in handy!  New puzzles every day!
Very much enjoy this app play it near everyday. Tbh was not expecting to like or keep this app but it hooked me then my wife we do the puzzles together as we lay together before sleep. Wonderful work.
This is a great crossword app in many ways, but there are two major things that prevent me from rating it higher. The first is its stability on my ASUS Transformer Prime TF201 under Ice Cream Sandwich. The app is terribly slow sometimes, even on a freshly-booted machine. It just flat-out hates the hardware keyboard on the dock; typing a word quickly results in multiple repeats of the same letter, a bug that does not occur in any other program with the keyboard. The other major issue is with the arrows (either software or hardware): Pushing one of them will, indeed, move the highlighted square, but not in a predictable or intuitive manner. Fixing these two issues would easily make it a 5-star app.
Every now and then I look for a better alternative, but until a crossword app allows me to enter answers with my mind Shortyz will reign supreme.
Thank you thank you thank you! iPad only lets me buy puzzles I've never heard of. I spend SO MUCH TIME for free on this app. The only teensy gripe is I can't get it to post my time on FB. I use a Sharp IS03 (Japanese model.)
This is the first time i've felt the need to comment on an app and that's because none have amazed me like this one. Fantastic guys. Easy game play, loads of puzzles, and great options. Top notch  '
Best crossword app in the market. Many puzzles to choose from at differing levels. You will never have to be bored in a waiting room again!
Wow! Robert should be vaulted to our shoulders and paraded thru Times Sqr! He calls this 'a labor of love' - imagine if he focused on world hunger!!
You have no idea how much fun and relaxation you have given me with your little app.  I haven't bought a puzzel book in 4 months!!! Thanks again.
Good mixture of crosswords, not too many cryptic which is good for me. However, would like to see one or two British papers on there. Good game though!
I did the LA Times crossword daily at school, now I can get it at home on my tablet. Works great too.
Loved it til the last update.  Now  the hint box is broken, won't  work checked or unchecked  in settings.
Was great until I downloaded on my new phone and the errors no longer show up red and the pink box option doesn't work!
All downloads seem to be working well except for People mag. EVERY character in the puzzle is wrong. Not worth downloading that puzzle. HTC Incredible.
If you like doing crossword puzzles this is the app for you. Has everything you need. No ads, just goodness
I constantly play this at night to help make me tired so I can sleep. Always works well!
I really like this app, but why can't I delete old puzzles? Puzzles archived before I set it to delete can't be deleted! Just want to get rid of them!
I love this. Gets me through time when im on journeys or waiting rooms. My only issue is the lack of UK crosswords, everything on here is American.
My mom and  Iplayed this for two hours on a road trip to keep our minds running, makes you think :))
The white letters on the white keyboard are hard to see. I'm still addicted to the app, though. Trifocal Guy
I wish the app would track my times on each puzzle and show where I rank among all users on the same puzzle.
Maybe I'm just really dumb, idk, but on my samsung fascinate I have no idea if the answer is correct? No clues whatsoever? Wtf? When all the answers are filled in, I have no idea if I'm correct.
Only thing I don't like is that double tap to zoom only works once I zoom in via pinch.
I have the new Razr, the puzzle from Peoples Magazine still loads with errors.
Crossword has several diff daily/weekly sources to download free, and almost always contain the solution the day they're posted. You can check your answers while you go or reveal letter/word to get started. Soooo helpful! Soooo great!
One of my favorite apps. Simple, and does exactly what it says. Occasional resizing issues, but that's a minor irritation.
This has become a favorite for me. It's good word fun and I have yet to have any issues whatsoever. Also, it's free! (Epic 4G)
This app is great. I have not had any issues with it and the puzzles range from easy to difficult!  I would recommend it!
Just wish we had a fix for the puzzle suddenly getting tiny with no way to get it back to full a size.
Update broke it The recent update had made this program unable to open.  So sad,  was my favorite app previously! Droid x.
Every time I open this app, a black screen appears. I wait, and it crashes. Droid X
Was a very fun app, but now it never works. WORTHLESS!!!
Only game that always stays on my phone! I appreciate the hints because sometimes I just can't get a word - eventually I won't have the hints on but for now they are perfect. Never had any problems with the app either. Galaxy S
Unable to post to G plus  No reply from Shorty staff. App doesn't real right or wrong answers
This is by far the best cross word puzzle app out there.  I just wish it was available for my ipad too. I have tried a lot of ipad crossword apps and end up deleting all of them.  Please come to Ipad I would pay to have you on my ipad!
People Magazine loads, I fill it out, and then it tells me the whole puzzle is wrong, so I ask it to solve and then its a mixture of letters that don't even make words
Works exactly the way it should: unobtusive updates, challenging puzzles and no glitches. Daily, weekly and experimental puzzles for free. No ads.
I've been using this app for several months now and have never had a problem with it. Fast working app with quick downloads of new crosswords, easy cleanup and can even tailor which publications you want your crosswords from.
Great game, simple interface, options let me set up the game exactly how I want to play. Love the ability to turn off auto rotate
This app is excellent. Tons of options to configure things to just how you want them. Easy to use. Easily the most used app on my phone.
The layout of the app is miserable for those with visual impairments. Please rethink your layout for those who can't read the tiny clues (even on a tablet!)
Grab this. Personally never had a problem on 3 devices (tablet and 2 phones) . So you don't get the NYT, big deal. Six or seven free puzzles most days. A free app that i would pay 5 bucks for, but don't tell the devs that. ;)
Was great til the app suddenly froze like hell on the phone now the app is no longer useable.
Love this app. I hope there was a way to sort the puzzles by difficulty but what the hey. 5 stars!
Sometimes the clues are mixed up and it gets confusing. Today the clue was "wizard of oz" surname, but the answer said "asa". Another clue's answer was "gale". (Which was Dorothy's last name.
Was a super app won't the highlighted wrong characters, since that no longer works its just average.
Works again after a day of crashing. Love this app !
Zooming seems to be broken on the latest version, Zona out to make puzzle tiny every time you tap anywhere.
This app works very well, and is a great way to kill time on the bus or just waiting around. Lots of options with it, too.
Doesn't work just a black screen that gives me adds
I'm not complaining - the current list of sources is a great start - but I would love to see this app grow and add more sources to select from.
Tons of sources. However I can't use my s pen on my galaxy note. Whenever I click it inserts random letters.
Awesome app, there really is none better which is why I hate it that it will crash anytime that popup comes and nothing will let me open the app.. even uninstalling
The crosswords are endless! I can't keep up but I'm having a ball trying to :)
I use it all the time.    Suggestion: Would be great if there was a way to look up word definitions in the app.
I love crossword puzzles & this app is fantastic! Lots of puzzles different difficulty levels.
Sure you get free daily crosswords but this is so poorly designed it is frustrating to play.
HTC amaze - pink/red box hints dont work.  Yes i checked the settings
5 stars last week, but stopped working a few days ago, and now keeps crashing my droid inc. Please fix, I loved this app!
Excellent aplication.  Too much of a temptation to leave on my phone
it has it all! the tough ones , the beginner level ones everythin. plus u have options to reveal words , letters in words partly and fully! its amazing  and interface is also sulpe3r
This is one of my favorite apps, but I use the Galaxy Note now and when you use the SPen it only inputs the letter P regardless of which letter you choose.
If you love crossword puzzles you must have this app. Love it.
Love it, use it all the time. I have been able to go out and find puzzles formatted for Across Lite and solve them with this app. Wish you could solve Crossword Solver puzzles.
nice app....cool that you can download from different sources and save it in ur phone.....The only problem is all the sources are from the US, should add more international crosswords......
Find myself using it more than i should :)
I really love this game but I wish I could it on amazon for my kindle fire so I could see it better on a bigger screen than my Lg optimus .
This is the best crossword puzzle app I've seen. I play it every day. The large selections of puzzles are awesome.
None of the other apps come even close! Offers best selection and gives user the most control. Universal and Washington Post are my favorites!
Best crossword app. Tons of content, all available for free and without ads. I use this all the time.
It is a great appear, but it just stopped working after the last update.
Gives lots of crosswords. Never have had any problem with it.Deserves 5 stars!
Doesnt even open for me keeps force closing if that's fixed will try it again maybe rate higher .
The app seems good but I cannot figure out how to get the new York times puzzle. I have a paid subscription but there is no where to select the nyt puzzle and enter my login info. Please explain!
Nvm should've read down. Love the app. Only crossword puzzle I've played thats better is the one that comes with the nooks. Can't go wrong with this one though
Sux dont waste ur time
I was never a crossword puzzle person but I'm always trying new apps so I tried this one and now I'm hooked...and it exercises my brain.
if i hit space or backspace it places the letter p in the empty boxes
Doesnt work with my incredible. This makes me very sad.
I was using Crosswords on my iOs device, but when I made the switch to Android, I didn't want to buy the game again. Shortyz is better, and FREE.
HTC evo 3d causes total system crash each time I open it
I liked this app until I tried to open it one day after I downloaded it.  The app wouldn't open and just showed a black screen.  It didn't fix even when I uninstalled and reinstalled it.
This is the best crossword puzzle app i have found, but it's also the best app on my droid. Clean, fast, easy to use, GREAT puzzles, AND NO ADDS. AMAZING!
I've tried the others and they just can't compare :-)
It was my train companion before upgrading to ICS on Samsung Galaxy S2. Doesn't scroll much anymore if in full screen mode.
It keeps crashing every time I open it.
If only it let you use numbers or put multiple letters in one box (which show up occasionally in NYT puzzles).
I've done hundreds of puzzles on this app. There are always more puzzles and the format is great.
This app crashes my phone and takes forever to download puzzles. HTC desire Uninstall
Works great on both phone and tablet. Just a fantastic implementation. If you enjoy crosswords, you owe it to yourself to install this app and try it out.
Only complaint is that People Magazine's crossword is always messed up, but that's not the fault of the app's creator
I love it. Great selection of daily and weekly crosswords. Best crossword app available by far!
Many of the top newspapers in the country right to your phone
Great app. I've never had an issue with it. Thanks, dev, for all the hard work!
I love this game. It would  be a big improvement if  we knew how many words in the answers. Then it would be 5 stars!!
Date is wrong when downloading new puzzles. Perfect otherwise
I would recommend this app to any crossword lover. Really easy to use, lots of new puzzles every day. And it's free!
Replaced my phone and had to install this asap. Plenty of free puzzles daily and clean bug-free UI.
Why can  I no longer download newsday? Frustrated... :<
Some have US terms that are hard if you are not american but they are still cool to do.
About as close to perfect as you can get. Looks great on Ice Cream Sandwich.
Wonderful concept and great interface. The only crossword app you'll ever need.
Was searching for replmnt prog, planning to delete my fav ap re. pnk blocks.Then I see there is an updt. Keeping for now. If not broke dnt fix it. Thx
...crossword program on the Market! A simple and intuitive UI combined with a plethora of free puzzles and smart options makes this a must-have!
Great app! Focuses on functionality and not useless/annoying options.
Very nice! Occasional navigation quirks tho
By far the best.  I love it! I wish it worked on kindle fire so my mom could use it too!
Outstanding app - works on just about any android device, great ui and very well supported. Can't ask for more!
Excellent game! No problems. Love the new puzzles every day and you can find something for all skill levels. Highly recommend!
Same thing here on my droid x. It updated and now won't open. This was  my favorite app until then.
Simply the best crossword app. One of the best apps in general.  Thanks Robert, will donate when I get my paypal account straight!
App stopped working on Droid.
Great app.  No problems found.  Like that it downloads several different levels daily.   Easy ones for a quick fix and others that make you think.
Great crosswords from popular periodicals. Ability to check yourself and get hints. Can download 100s or more. They are always up to date. THANK YOU
Enjoy playing these puzzles. Various difficulty levels and themes. Fun.
The crossword keeps showing up really small... it worked fine for a while but now its all messed up....
This is a great app and fully customizable. The only fault is that it really eats the battery but outside of that's it is an excellent app!
but the "People "crossword puzzle is scrambled and is gibberish for lack of a better word.
Thanks for the fast ICS update. Works great!
It's delicious.  Awesome auto-download feature.
I use it for my a Moto Atrix and mostly my Galaxy Tab 10.1 Great app. Best crossword I have used.
OK app, but we'll see if I keep it after it 'updates' again. The last 'update' was a self uninstall....
Best cross word app ever! Wish it would come to apple so I can play on my ipad also
Wow, what a great app. I've had it 1 day and am so impressed.love the reveal letter option. thanks!
Latest update fixed all my issues with Nexus 7 and uses the tablet style portrait view which is great!
Was using this on my droid RAZR and wanted it on my nexus 7. Was buggy but still playable. Now its awesome!!! Keep up the phenomenal work!!
Free, auto downloads daily and incredible customizable options make this app a 5 star. Thank you devs!
now it doesn't save puzzles and it won't let me delete them either.. what happened to this app?
Very nice on MotoDroid. Good array of puzzles and features. Customer support is excellent. Seems destined to be the prime android crossword app.
Great app with lots of free puzzles...but suddenly no longer downloads my NYTimes subscribed crosswords!!!  What happened?!
Can anybody tell me what it means when the little bar next to the name of the puzzle turns Yellow instead of Green?
Awesome app. Now I fit in at work. I can look up all the answers while all the "geeks" at lunch do puzzles.
This app is great for someone who is just learning how to do crosswords, very easy and helpful way to get into it.
Too many to finish! Real time. No complaints from this crossword junkie
Great app. I've got new crosswords at my fingertips any time I need them! Just perfect.
I love doing crosswords and was happy to find this app. Some are easy some are difficult.
I love it. Addicted. A must have for crossword lovers.
:( uninstalling
A must-have for any crossword fan.
Feature-rich and great fun for crossword puzzle lovers and crossword puzzle wannabees. Heartily recommend it - works great.
Excellent app! Fun, addicting, and i love how it downloads new puzzles every day! Very customizable & challenging i cant put it down!
I can't believe this app is free! Such a great app.
Love it. Except puzzle grid shrinks. Have to uninstall app and reinstall.
Great app, but People Mag puzzle answers are never available.  If it's fixed, definitely 5 stars.
I really like this app. It works well, offers a nice variety of sources, and is easy to use.
This crossword app is great!  the auto-download of daily/weekly puzzles is really convenient.
Was a great app but recently began crashing on my rooted Nook Color. Uninstalled.
Free daily crosswords! Cryptics even! Love it. Please add the option to just download cryptics. :-)
Perfect app. I've been using it forever. It just gets better with each update. Great on phone and tablet.
I have all the crossword I can handle. The ones from my city as well as so many others.
Love how this app can download daily crosswords! Wish you guys made an iPhone version too though.
If you enjoy crosswords, it's a must! Have had no problems.
Needs option to update even on days you don't open the program
Good game, wish all puzzles had the option to show errors tho.
Lots of sources, easy navigation, couldnt be happier with this app. I use it daily.
Love the settings & automatic downloads. Would really like to have it on my Kindle Fire as well.
This is the best crossword app I've used.
Great crossword app! Intuitive interface with a mass of new crosswords daily!
Utter love!  This is the best crossword app out there!
I got this app 2 days ago and completed all the puzzles but it hasn't downloaded any new ones! I tried everything and still no puzzles....help!
Several xwords every day. Great program.
Great app with crosswords for all levels. Love the more challenging ones. I use it every day!
The one app I use every day
Love the fact that solutions are loaded so you know whether your answer is correct or not.
How does one submit/check answers? are there any "hints"
Easy to use, great puzzles, would be nice to get a little celebratory screen when a puzzle is completed!
Why doesnt the Boston globe Sunday puzzle download anymore?
Works well, easily configurable, and challenging. Worked great on my Droid2, works great now on my Droid3:)
Leaves you with a bunch if puzzles,downloaded that you don't need downloaded.  Uninstalling
Keeps force closing. DROID x
By far my FAVORITE! If you like crosswords you will love this app. To the developer, thank you!!!
Love it, play out all the time, great way to build your vocab and general knowledge
Love it. Great selection. Daily downloads. Nice way to pass the time.
Tried them all and nothing comes close to this. So simple and clean but does everything.
I love playing crosswords and now I have all of my favorite ones every day!!
Tons of daily puzzles, no ads, and free!
Great app. Wide range of puzzles available for all tastes. Very easy to use!
Amazing interface. Great puzzles.
NYT no longer downloads even with subscription
This had been a great app but now it won't open, even after reinstall.
Excellent crossword app with great options.
Can't believe this is ad free and has as many features as it does.
What is the deal with the screen not zooming in?
Wonderful! I can finally solve the NY Times crossword puzzle on my smartphone.
Amazing app, great support, quick updates for the newest operating systems, and it's free!
Best all around selection available, and priced perfectly, too. Thank you again!	Wonderful! Thank you!
could you please add support for numbers in puzzle answers?
If u like crosswords this is the app to get. Gets u new crosswords daily from a variety of great sources
I love crosswords and this app is fantastic.  Great variety and the options are helpful.  I use it every day.
Puzzle keeps shrinking
I luv this crossword app. Its fun on all my plane rides.
Easy to use even if the puzzles aren't easy to do.
This is probably my favorite and most used app...THANKS :)
Always new ones to download
Great app, thank you.
I would like to see better support for the cryptic crosswords.
This is by far the best crossword app available. Please make available for Kindle Fire!
I love having crosswords so close n handy!!! My fave game.
Love the app, it's one of the few apps I use every day. Thanks
awesome. Navigating cwords on a phone is tough but this one does it the best!
I used to love this app but now it force closes when I try to open it!
So many options, tons of new puzzles everyday. Great app!
Why wont it show incorrect values anymore?? Don't see the option in the menu
Keeps freaking force closing for 1 week now. Fix. Fix. Fix. DROIDX 2.
Love it! Hours of fun and puzzles.
The Scheffer puzzle doesn't download.
One of my favorite apps by far
Hmm loved this app till yesterday when it stopped dloading new puzzles and getting rid of old ones?? What the french????
Where are the clues
If only it had star crosswords PERFECT!!!!
This is a must have for any xword fan...Still cannot believe it's free!!!
Doesnt update anymore.
My most favorite puzzle source. Love it!!!!!
Needs an update
Best out there.
Make Different modes of question answering. Trivia question style. Hangman style.think about it
Landscape mode is a little funky looking but otherwise it's great
Can't get enough! These are fabulous! Thanks for such a great collection!
Great variety of puzzles and I like the setting options. Very fun.
The only app I use every day without fail.
Always works, never fails or glitches :-)
I love crosswords, and this is the best app ive found yet :)
It wont even open!!! LG Optimus
Not opening after last update
Great interface, runs smoothly, it's a pleasure to use.
Won't open on Droid incredible2.
All positive
Just needs some easier puzzle sources!
I Love Love Love This App.
The puzzles are American based so non USA users will struggle with the clues
Droid3  Great app for you if you love this crossword puzzles.
Rooted Ally, rooted Nook color.  Love the arrow keys.
Best free crossword app. Daily puzzles from most major newspapers.
Great job by the developer. Absolutely love this app!
Im addicted to it
I really like tbis....its big, clear and easy to use
Puzzle size needs fixing, Android 4.0.3.  great app!
Great app but the puzzles are getting too easy lol J:
Great collection of crosswords plus great layout and navigation.
Was looking forward to it from the reviews, but wont open and freezes my phone
Had this for a year and enjoy it daily.. Thank you to the Developer..
I love this app, it's part of my daily ritual
Incredible
Doesn't work with the galaxy note pen
Lots of puzzles for different levels. Lots of options too. Love it!
I like to be able to do the lastest  crosswords anywhere anytime!!!
Perfect app.
This is a great app for those who love crosswords.
The best! Hours of fun. My daily goto app!
Best crossword app on android hands down.
What a fantastic AP!  Works great and it's FREE!!! No ads at all! Really great!
Love this App. All the big daily crosswords. Never a problem.
App doesnt work for my optimus
Nice but buggy. Zoom doesn't work properly
Best crossword app I've come across.
Dang these are some tough crosswords...love it!
I LOVE this app!!!
Yay!
My favorite. Greatest free app. I'm off to donate...
I love this game! The game is so addicting!
Best app ever. Thank you!
Developers designed this app perfectly!
Most frequently used app on my phone
Great job, tons of fun.
This is already my favorite app1
This app is exactly what I wanted!
The best crossword app for free!
This is an excellent little app. Great time killer.
I use this everyday. Great app!
Spent many hours enjoying this one.
This is the best crossword app for Android.
Excellent; totally customizable and a great selection daily.
I love to puzzle and this app is perfect!
Best app ever. Really makes you think.
Love this app...keeps my vocab up
Hands down the best crossword app on Android!!
Best crossword app out there
The best!
Classic!
Works great on HTC EVO 4G.  Hal
This program keeps the crosswords coming.
I like it
Good app better than the others
Works great & smooth layout.
Love this app. Fun and easy to use.
Awesome app! Absolutely love it.
Excellent selection, works great.
Best crossword app ever!
Fun game.. good selection of puzzles.. easy to use..
Great app. Play it all the time.
I love this!  Its the best!
I use it everyday brilliant
I love this app!
Rockin Pete
So good!
Great if you are from the US as a lot of the answers are 'Americanisms'
Gs
Loooove it. Simply fantastic
Can't beat it for crosswords
Nuff said!
Easy to add - great play
I love this app.
Lots of choices!
Great app... Exactly what i was looking for.
