Old school, but great to play.
Great Android app with NO intermittent commercials. Highly addictive!
Cards are far too small
Excellent collection of card games. All my favorites. Many options to customize games how you like. Can't believe it's free and ad free.
Was one of my favorites until they took hints off the main screen and made it a sub menu. That's just nuts.
Hey friend I like your game very much but hearts solitaire is missing in this game please add hearts solitaire in these game.
Pretty much perfect. If you liked the PC versions of solitaire, you'll almost certainly like this.
Really appreciate no unnecessary permissions as well as great games.
Latest updates keep it challenging but fun. Good work
Works good! No ads!!! Thank you! Please add Hearts.
Add free but win free also it becomes so easily predictable a short way through a game that there is no chance of winning  (in klondike at least ) that you can start a new game but it is so boring I cannot belive the so called random deal of the cards three of some follow by two of another or all low cards in one game and high in another I'm not stupid I've played klondike or patience for years with real cards and never played 12 games without a win ! Uninstalled
Best solitaire app...got it on my phone and tablet. Wish I could download it to my pc?
Good app but the graphics are so small you need a magnifying glass to play the game
this app is going to cost me /hours/.  very nice.  thank you.
Game is good but some time crash on landscape mode.
Exactly what it says! Open source with No ads!
Best solitaire app: NO ADS!!!
Freecell is terrible, can't see the numbers and figures. Unable to play on landscape.  I changed the fonts to large in Android, accessibility setting. Don't know if this could cause a problem.
*Waiting for additional new games! Good game application. Thanks for providing a game application without disturbing advertisements. Please include few more card games -  1. Indian Rummy  2. Thousand card game (1000)  3. Bluff card game (420)  4. Hearts  Thanks
Brilliant
This is a really great solitaire implementation and thank you very much for offering it free without ads. I only wished the 'AI' would be less stupid. It always seems to take the worst option when double tapping cards as a shortcut :-)
Good games it makes a grest differance to be without ads ...can you please tell me how to change the deck into the spanish deck
Best solitaire collection out there. Love it. Thanks. Been playing it awhile now love the changes.
Thank you for making this so simple to play on mobile.
Simply the best version out there bar none
nice!
New Review: Awesome! It can now be moved to the SD card (went from 23+ MB to 7+ MB)  Thank you Tobias!  Old Review: Only issue I'm having with it is... I can not move it to the SD card (which would be nice to be able to do, considering it's install size). I have a Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime  running android version 5.0.2
For those of you who played the hell out of the Ken Magic Solitaire app and are disappointed that it's unplayable since it hasn't been updated in seven years, this is the replacement you want. P. S. It's even better, with more games, a smoother interface, and still zero ads. This now takes the title of the best Solitaire app on Google Play. Thank you, Tobias!
Problem with Vegas Solitaire.  Unable to reuse the discard pile.  They will not return to the main pile!!!  I enjoy the variety of Solitaire options on this app.
Nice collection of games. A must for when you need to kill time.
Best ad free solitaire game; also fast
Free and no ads. Lots of variety and works well!
Best Solitaire game by far. Free and NO ADS! Awesome guys. Thanks
Fantastic app. Absolutely love the implantation. Also truly without ads
Awesome! Best free solitaire game on the play store
Great, simple, no ads, no in app purchases. Thank you
No Vegas. No good. Reply to Dev: learn the rules of Vegas. What you call Vegas is NOT Vegas! Tapping a card once should move it, as well. To be fair, you're offering a lot, but all I care about is Vegas. Buy in is $52, payout is $5/card, no recycle of deck, etc. Look it up for more.
Great!
I've now been using this game for six months and  have changed my review. It is superb. Great selection of solitaire games. Card speed is configurable.and best of all no annoying ads. Great job. Love it.
Play it all the time, only thing I extra I'd like is the option to turn off some games so they don't show up, but other than that, it's perfect.
Great free no adds many games to choose from. Your sure to find something you like.
Simple and no ads. Wonderful.
Very nice implementation. I appreciate no ads and open source.  I may have found a bug - while playing Klondike the auto complete button appeared when it shouldn't have.  There were only 3 cards left with an Ace on the bottom.  When I pressed the button it slid the Ace out from underneath the other 2 cards.  It could have been that I waited to long to press the button and played it wrong.
Needs sound otherwise a 5 star app
Great games and FREE means no ads
Great game. Just needs sounds.
FOSS power
Loved it.
Only good free solitaire app in the store!
Excellent open source solitaire collection.
Exactly what I wanted. A good selection of solitaire games in one place
This was EXACTLY what I was looking for. Sophisticated programing for simple gameplay and AD-FREE!! No bells and whistles. Exactly what I wanted in a card game. I use it to unwind for bed when I can't sleep very often. Works like a charm. Thanks so much to Tobias for the game and thanks for listening to people's feedback on things like the double-tab feature. If only more apps were like yours and also easier to find!! Thanks again!!
Don't be fooled by the icon. The in-game graphics are actually very nice, and the animations though simple, are also very well done. The controls are very smooth and very intuitive. Not only are there many really fun and enjoyable games that we could play (some of which I haven't even heard of in my life), it's also ad-free at the moment (as far as I could tell), and it supports both portrait and landscape view. Of the games that I've played, I say it's perfect!
I like no ads.
Many different Solitare games to play.
Well executed. Good graphics and card option and smooth animation.  What makes this stand above the rest is no rediculous permissions and zero ads. Well done folks.
Would be great if you could add Russian solitaire!
Awesome game, Thanks for adding canfield, very happy.
I wanted to like this app since there are no adds plus I liked the graphics, but without the tap-to-move it was awkward to play.  And then Free Cell froze up, so I gave up.
Need to be able to click  card and it  move. Don't like drag and drop. Also cards don't seem to be able to find the Snap location when you move the cards you have to get the card just right over the card in order for it to drop. Other wise I like it
Too damn hard. I only really know how to play free cell. And you literally win maybe 1 of 20 deals. It always seems that the card I need is locked. Maybe that's how it is in RL? But this game seems sketch with how it deals...almost like it's not really random.
You can never win on this game of solitaire it always deals the cards with in possible solution no matter how you play the cards it's a no win situation as for the other card games playing solitaire is bad enough.
Many Thanks! Very clear interface and elegant implementation of  the most popular solitaire  variants. Very refreshing not to have to endure any advertising. Please accept  heartiest congratulations Tobias on programming such a marvellous app.
I would have given it 5 stars until today when an update makes it now crash  non stop.
Awesome!
Awesome and exciting
Good
