内容
Can’t say I’m having fun in this game anymore. Everything new that they add just requires more money. They make it incredibly hard to advance and when new characters are released its not even possible to grind for them without spending $100.00. I understand the pay to play aspect but to charge what they do is just ridiculous. Fix your greed EA. You almost killed Battlefront 2 with it and now your doing it to this.
Amazing game would have 5* if the In game purchases weren’t such a rip-off. Spent $200 trying to get character shards. Says you can receive 5-300 shards per 1250gem purchase. The RNG is total garbage 10 purchases yielded only one over 5 character shards a whopping 15 plus the additional 5x 9 = a total 60 shards. Complete waste of money. Play the free way and don’t waste your money.  I did this twice with the same results... never again.
Now the game won’t allow me to play it will just log out!  PLEASE FIX! 
I absolutely love this game. I’m a Star Wars buff so when I found out about this game I turned into a kid again. I am also a free to play player and I’m level 77 of 85. For all you out there who say that you’re missing out on the fun for not playing, you’re wrong. Just keep on playing and you’ll get there in due time. The reason I only gave it 4 stars (for now) is because I live in an area where i don’t get great cell coverage but enough to play the game. When they have these huge in game downloads that are required to play the game, I have to somehow find WiFi. But even on there my phone crashes about 30 times if the WiFi isn’t strong. You should have the option to download the new in game update when you get to a decent connection. Otherwise the game is completely unplayable. So if you live in an area with poor coverage or slow data speeds either over cell or internet, Bear this in mind.
This game is cool but every time i play the event and the daily chalengs it allways crush😡
The latest update is horrible. It loads every screen. I’m on a limited network so it takes a lot left ne’er to play the game for me.  I couldn’t tell you if the update was any good because it takes sooo long to load!!!!
Game still is 5 star but, since I updated it the game keeps crashing when I try to download new content. I updated my phone because I thought that was what’s causing the crash, but it’s still doing it. Guess for now I’ll have to wait until it’s fixed to play :/
Was five star until kicking me out
The game is SO much fun!  But since the recent updates, the game crashes A LOT. Makes it not enjoyable to play anymore since the crashing constantly interrupts. 
If you are patient and enjoy building up a strong team over time, then this game is for you.  It’s fun to play and you can always make a little progress each day.  Lots of characters and ships to both unlock and upgrade and it rewards you for playing each day.  That said, the latest update (V.0.11.0), while introducing some nice, new features, has made the game very frustrating as it’s simply unstable to the point of almost not being enjoyable.  Hoping it will stabilize, because outside of that, it’s been a great app. 
Listen, I am extremely unhappy with this newest update. Don’t get me wrong I LOVE THIS GAME!! I have loads of free time and playing this game sure passes it. But however, this new update autocloses the app during the loading screen. I have tried loading it up for the past two days and it still isn’t working. This game is the bomb dawg, I’m sad I can’t play it ☹️
It’s another game that draws you in early with easy starts that let you achieve levels and stay competitive without paying but once you are in it to win it your progress hits a snails pace and it seems impossible to advance. I’m level 56 in this game and have pretty much lost interest because it would likely be July before I get to level 60 without paying. I started playing in late January to hit level 57
Did the new update now the game won’t stay open for longer then 3 mins. Very disappointed. I’m done with this game
Since last update it is not allowing me in. Have reset phone and redownloaded the game and still not working
If you want to be good like the ads you have to pay and that’s DUMB
A very fun game but is a bit buggy. Occasionally I have have a low level opponent one hit kill me, but thankfully it doesn’t happen as often as it use too. Also the odds of getting a good number of shards when you purchase them is almost zero.
Ever since the update the game keeps kicking me out and it’s frustrating
With the new update, the game has been crashing repeatedly even after I restart my phone.
the latest update just crashes over and over. Reinstalled, etc. and still crashes.  All versions on all platforms crash, crash, crash, crash, crash, crash... all my iPads and iPhones will not launch...  Fix it. 
Can’t stop playing! I just got it four hours ago and can’t quit playing!
It’s a fun game when you’re allowed to play. The second your free credits run out (they run out fast) the game becomes a giant pay wall of microtransaction glory.  This game is the literal meaning of “pay-to-win”.  It almost feels like an EA game......oh wait....
I have been playing this game daily for the past (I think) 3 years.   This game is a collection game. You have to collect a LOT of different Star Wars characters and level them up. Different characters are required to participate in different events.   Pros: while this is a collection game the entire thing isn’t one big grind and I appreciate that. They have lots of events to break up the monotony.   Great Star Wars feel. They did a great job making each character’s abilities match their personality.   They do a great job of giving you enough Crystals (in game currency that can be purchased with $) that the game doesn’t HAVE to be pay-to-play but takes a little longer to progress.   I like the direction they’re taking the game as far as the events and characters. Some of the raids are amazing.   Cons: the power creep in this game is real. When they release a new character or team just know that it will break the game. They have no intention of making it fair. This is their way of incentivizing people to pay for the new hotness. If you’re not worried about keeping first in your pvp shard it’s much of a problem though.   This is a difficult game to jump into as it can be very overwhelming for a new player with all the different characters. Trying to figure out where to start can make your head spin (I STRONGLY recommend getting into a guild and asking for advice on where to focus)  Super grindy. This game requires a lot of grinding. You have to grind Character Specific Stars to both unlock and level up a characters Star lvl (7* is max). Gear can be a pain to grind. There are currently 12 lvls of gear with 6 pieces of gear in each tier.   Character balance is a joke. Some characters are complete trash but required to participate in an event. Many of the trash characters haven’t been reworked in years or ever. They only “balance” a small pool of select characters  Overall the game has held my attention and I enjoy it but like everything there are things they could be doing better. This is a difficult game to jump into but can be very rewarding. 
After this recent update, my game has been crashing every time I start it up. I don’t know what’s happening, hopefully someone can help me, or hopefully the problem can be fixed.
With the latest update, I can’t even load the app without it crashing.  This is even using WiFi.
Put ability Mats in store
This is by far the worst update I have ever seen. You used to be able to create a squad on the fly with your highest power players. You cannot longer do that The system is also so slow now it’s almost impossible to play. When you hover over at two for the final form for mission it takes five or six times as long.  I am not playing again till they fix all of this 
As yourself this question:  would you invest in a game that runs 1/4 of the time?  Well, every minor or major update Downloads quickly and installs great but then to get passed the “over 1xxMB limiter, they backfire cause 150-300 texture and bit maps before the game even guns. These extra downloads will cause the game to hang, crash, or any other explicative you can use when the program abruptly exits.  Most of use Judy keep reloading until all the bit maps and other files finish regardless the amount of time it requires. Sad, isn’t it. We all are ea’s beta test team.
Good stuff.
This game is aimed at ay for play whales.
The app crashes on startup
A good game in the sense of it being free, however it advertises and exemplifies the aspects of the pay-to-win type game; and it's a gamble to get a good card as is. Fun overall, but you can obviously see the limitations to playing without paying.
This new update is horrible. I don’t know what was done. But can’t keep the game running long enough to download the new stuff. Why is there and update here and more to download in game??? I have been playing this game a while and have never had this problem before. I can’t play the game now because it keeps crashing!!
Please fix! Thanks.
I just updated my game, now it won’t even open!!!
Amazing game, but lots of game crashes on my iPhone 5 with this recent update. Maybe it's just me on my old phone, idk :/  The content in the update seems like great additions to the game, I'm just having trouble playing it. :( 
Increase the level cap, it’s the reason I quit in the first place, then I come back a year later and it’s still the same level cap. FIX THE LEVEL CAP!!!!!!!!!!
My complaint about adverts for pay-to-win content was addressed. The adverts do not cone every few seconds any more and sometimes not even twice in a week.
Was pretty good until it downloaded more resources today. Now it’s crashing every time I go to any other screen besides the cantina.
I’ve been playing this game hardcore for a year now, and it just keeps getting better. I am not a mobile gamer and I love this game immensely. There is always so much to do in this game, and the amount of end game content is astronomical. The developer is extremely involved with the games community and are always improving it. This is not a Pay to Win game, yes you can spend money in the game but you don’t have to spend a dime in this game to be good, get new characters or progress. If you like strategy games, RPGs, collection games, and Star Wars then this is the game for you!
I have dedicated 5 years to this game yes 5 years and only now do i feel accomplished in this game.(i have almost 3/4 of the characters and only half of them are 7 stars and lvl 85)  The pvp is very pay 2 win and having a good guild with constant raids and team work in order for you to get the best character.  The game has a great nostalgic feeling to be able to mix and match your favorite characters in the star wars universe. The only problem is with every new movie or tv show comes new character that end up out classing or out doing old character from the vanilla. So all the grinding you did with any old character are worthless and the new characters are over powered.  I only play to collect all the characters and gives me that feel of being in charge of my favorite star wars but even then you are forced to use specific teams in order to compete in top tier. 
Like the game, but here's how the latest update works: Morning - update using home wifi Day(no wifi) - get a message saying 150mb to be downloaded(?!?) Evening - play using wifi and get download message on every new screen Day 2 (again leaving home wifi) - get another warning that the game wants to download 190mb  Perhaps the concept of update packaging is new to the developers?  Ugh 
Since I downloaded the new update I can no longer open up the app!
The new update keeps crashing every couple of minutes or trying to download a new component. Super annoying. Please fix.
Was the game of a dream, until it crashes, brought me back to reality. Uninstalled because I dont want to wait for this game to be playable again, but thank you for the 3 days of game time, honestly was fun trying to collect everything but I think it overloaded my phone im sorry guys, dont get too into the game my words of wisdom.
Bro you need to do all this crap for the ship wars and it takes years and earlier when I tried to play it glitched me out so I lost so much money spent on that and full star stuff plus a lvl 42 account bro not cool at all so this game will not be played until my requests are met
I think that there should be ship levels
I’ve not had this game very long and I️ loved it! But ever since I️ updated it today all it does is try to redownload the game when I️ try to open it up and then it crashes half way through the download so I️ can’t even play. It’s very upsetting and I️ think I️ will delete it if it’s not fixed very soon.
Ever since the update the game keeps crashing, I absolutely love this game so if you could fix this problem please
It says ‘There is a new client ready’. But can’t open it. Apparently it ain’t ready
I love this game so please fix the issues with the latest update. It crashes every time I try anything.
As the headline states, been playing since day 1.  Have spent only around $30 on the game. They keep it easy to not spend money as long as your patient. Patience pays off and the devs have been doing a phenomenal job keeping it fresh and fun. In those three years I’ve missed maybe playing a couple days. Thanks for a fun freemium game (finally)!
Great game, but after the new update, 0.11.0 it won’t even load the cantina. Also, what is wrong with the the ship arena and squad arena? I’m picking the easiest people to fight and I always lose. My friend is lower power in both ships and squads and he’s rank #3 in ships and 1500 in squads. Please fix the bugs
All it does is crash, crash, crash... oh it started “Client must be restarted”... crash, crash, crash
Of course it is an Editors Choice game - the editors are making a small fortune from the non-required but hard to resist in-app purchases.  This game is built on sucker you out of your money psychology based on data it collects from thousands of players game play behavior and obfuscates costs behind all sorts of promotion schemes and numerous measures of currency. If you must play, Don't ever make an in-app purchase. You’ll soon (maybe not soon enough) see this game has worn out its fun. 
New update is causing my app to constantly crash please fix ASAP and will change to 5 Star
Love the fact that you are always adding updates and characters however, I just upgraded via AppStore and now the game crashes during the loading process. Tried uninstalling and still keeps crashing. Please help!
It’s like mine resets every day.  So I have to download the app data every day, and seems like it’s the same app data.  And the same tutorial too.  I don’t have unlimited data.  I don’t have a reliable WiFi either.
Game crashes every few minutes during play on all my devices since it’s update. I’d give it 5 stars cause I’m a faithful all day playing guy. Fix the issue then I’ll give it 5 stars
Came back after a long break.... why’d I ever leave?
Every screen is now a loading screen first and it crashes every 15 minutes.
Takes several minutes to load. Then once loaded it forces closes. Cannot play game since last update.
I’ve downloaded and deleted countless games over the years since I’ve gotten an iPhone and this is the only one that I have never even considered deleting. The graphics are great it’s easy to understand, fans would love the amount of characters you can unlock the different activities, challenges and events there are. Yes I won’t lie there are moments where it seems like it’s gonna take forever to upgrade or unlock characters or complete certain events that require characters to either be unlocked or at a certain level and not all events are easy but you get over that fast because there’s always something new right around the corner. Guilds help in almost every way and yes there are those who advance better and faster when because they pay real money and I have on occasion but even with that the game is great your not gonna b stuck at a certain level cuz you didn’t pay you WILL eventually move on and that’s another benefit to the guilds. Again there are times where it gets aggravating in certain battles when upgrades seem to do nothing but beyond on that as Star Wars fans you couldn’t ask for a better game then this one it’s one of a kind and by far one of the best.
Waste resources/time/money and get your arena team as best as possible then a quick rework of 2 old characters like Vader and Palpatene makes everything you work for wasted. If you want to stay competitive in arena you'll have to change your team and use what everyone else is using...that's until the devs change the meta again and again and again and again. I've played for over 2 years. I'm starting to feel like my time and money is just a waste.
Decent premise, slow builds for characters if no money used, nostalgic.
I love it but the new update keeps crashing while I’m waiting for it to load
Ipad updated the app yesterday and now I cant get on anymore.  I am missing my Star Wars Fix!!
I just updated to the new version and when it goes to the loading screen it just shuts off and won't load anything else
Don’t be fooled by the awesome ads, because they lie. Also, I spent 699 crystals add got 15 character shards, by accident!! Also, there is NO ACTION IN THIS GAME!!!! It’s boring and doesn’t make any sense, and I might delete it. That is why this is a 1 star review!!!
Love the game other than when they update it and add things that break the game
Absolutely horrid
The last update results in the game not opening. Had no problems before this update
I love this game but the update has made it so it won’t load it kicks me out before it loads please fix this I love playing this every day after school I hope you can fix it
New version fails on loading. Can’t do anything about it.
After this new update, I’ve been trying to log on to the game but it keeps crashing on the screen that says “Loading Cantina” and nothing happens. I wait for about a minute then the game turns off and I can’t do anything about it. I tried restarting my iPad but it still won’t load. Please help. I’ve been enjoying the game for the past month and it is amazing. Please look into more depth about this and if you can fix this. Thank you
Love this game, played for 2 years now! But the new update won’t let me open the game! It starts to load and then crashes!! Please fix!!
3 year player here. Can’t even log in anymore. The new update seems broken. Fix it.
New update causes app to crash on loading screen 😡
My game is in an update loop and just shuts down every time I try to open it
On my iPod it won’t work even though my iPod has iOS 8 and on however the older update did work if this games for you than I highly recommend it
Ok good deal I managed to get back into my game, not sure what was going on but it’s seems like o be working fine now.
Been playing for over a year. Now I can’t get past the loading cantina screen  Great game before that... 
Great game for wasting downtime, I’ve spent well almost a year playing this and invested a whole lot of downtime and a little hard earned money. Updated my phone last night to latest iOS. No problem game worked just fine all day long.  A guild member says a newer version is available to update in store this evening and now it partially loads from beginning screen and crashes.  I’ve had a few small glitches in the past but this prevents the game from being played.  I’m hoping there are others with the same issue so a patch comes quickly. 5 for gameplay. 3 for the glitches. 4 overall
In the last update it won't even let me log in. It's really annoying and I really want the developers to fix this ASAP. I've been playing it for a long time at it's a great game but it won't even let me in the game anymore. PLEASE FIX!!!!!
I was enjoying the game even with its flaws. But the new update has taken most of the fun out of the game. Things have gotten way harder than before, but I guess that is to encourage people to pay money instead of being a free to play.  I also don’t really enjoy the daily slog anymore, but I do it anyways. What I really hate is the requirement to be in guilds and raid to get high end gear and some characters. I don’t mind doing the slog for high end gear if I can get it, but it is not fair to have guild/raid only stuff. Most of the guilds are run but nut jobs that are overly aggressive. 
The new update crashes upon startup. Would love to give it 5 stars because what I was playing was awesome.
I missed some login bonus because I updated now I can’t even open the app up. Like game though I continue open new characters as progress further in the game. Love that you have all classic characters and new characters as come out.
Love this game and have been playing for a few years. Did the new update and it crashes while it loads the cantina. I restarted my phone and still crashes. Solution?
Whenever I start the game it’s fine but now the recently new update I have been crashing... DEVELOPERS U BETTER FIX THIS ISSUE 
But after update it is useless!
This game was great up until the last update. Now it won’t even load. Game gets to loading screen and crashes. I’m extremely disappointed with this update and will delete this game for good if it’s not fixed soon
After latest update version 0.11.0, the game crashes at the loading page. Anyone else experiencing this issue?
No se abre el juego
Crashes at the new start screen since I updated this morning....
Because of you update, the game is on the fritz. Make a better update
Update is soooo buggy can’t even reinstall properly please help
I updated my app today and is crashes every single time on my iPad.  Please fix ASAP!
Latest version.  Updated.  Crashes.  Yay!  Love the game, but it crashes when app is in background then switched to it. Crashes constantly when battling ships. Crashes when going between cantina areas. And the shard win consistency on sims is horrible, did all my daily's and received only 1 character shard. 
Idk what happened guys. It’s a real good game, the only mobile game that has consistently captured my interest for more than a year. But, you know...it would be much better if I could actually continue to play it.
I can’t even get past the “loading cantina” screen with the newest update. Great spaghetti code.  Game is fun nonetheless but please fix the bug. 
Updated game. Now it crashes and I can’t even load it. Tried reporting bug and their website can’t find my ID or reset it or email me. Loved the game though until this update otherwise would be a better rating.
I really want to play the game but it crashes every time I start it up
After this update, the game crashes at loading screen
I’ve been playing this game daily for the last 2 1/2 years. As of the new update - 2/27/18 - the app will no longer open. FIX IT!
I enjoy the game well enough but really don’t want to have to pay money to get all the good stuff and grinding for hours gets to enough to level but I just wanted to say that after today’s update, I can’t play anymore. The app exits out at the loading screen
After the latest update the game won’t load. Outstanding work
After the new update I can’t open the app, it crashes over and over again... other than that I love the game when I can play it
The latest update is crashing the game while it’s loading. So I can’t say if I like it or not
After latest release it just crashes on startup. Restarted phone.  Uninstalled and reinstalled, same thing. Unplayable for me now. Please fix.
The new update will not let my phone access the game.  It won’t let me download the new update and just keeps shutting the app down.  Please fix and I will change to a five star rating.  I was enjoying your game
Yesterday there was an automatic download.  After, the game won’t load.  I closed all apps, tried again.  I turned off my device and restarted it.  I contacted support.  First they admitted the issue, then got quiet and stated I was the first person to report a problem.  Went to the forum.  LOTS of complaints and the moderators shut down discussion after 8 posts.  Answers didn’t help.  Turns out, after researching online, this game has been cursed with these instances.  One mistake after another, going back easily to 2015.  Since getting the game, didn’t miss a day of logging in.  Sad that my streak is broken by developer incompetence.  Looking for a refund for all money spent in the game. 
Just updated to latest version and its crashing a lot. It’s unplayable at the moment for me. 😞
I try and open the app and the game will not open. It will be at the title page, then the app will close.
I get to the loading the cantina screen, then the game quits. I literally cannot play it now.
The games is fun. Great for fans of Star Wars though too many characters from the animated universe. The animated characters are way too powerful. If you spend money the rewards are random, or so the game maker say, the claim will be you can win anywhere from 5 to 330 character pieces to advance your character. I’ve spent a lot of money and never had a payout of more than 5. Las Vegas casino will occasionally payout better than this game.
Love the game, been playing over a year. You will have to spend to really enjoy most aspects of the game.  But CANNOT OPEN SINCE THIS NEWEST UPDATE!!!!
Since the update yesterday my game will not load. I tap on the icon and it brings up Lucas and flashes off.
Every thing was working great until this newest update. Was looking forward to checking out the new content. Needs fixed ASAP.  iPhone 6plus user 
Great game. Updates are generally a hot mess.  Why can’t i use one account on my iOS and android devices?
New update is good until I realized they brought back notification for characters, that need abilities & attacks upgraded. Hate this little red circles. Have a 1 Star on me.
Title says it all
I have played this game for a couple of years. The game just uploaded a new update. Now it hard crashes every time I try to open the game. Not good.
They need to increase the chances of getting a shard when doing a hard mission. You get three chances per mission per day. If you have progressed far enough to get 6 chances at count dooku you might get one shard if that. For example, I just used all my energy(enough for 11 missions) and received ONE character shard.The squad arena is extremely unbalanced. update: changed rating to 1 star because of the arena issues. 99% of the time you will not be able to find any team to fight that you have even the slightest chance of beating. My strongest characters have a combined power level of 44.5k. The lowest i have ever found to fight in the arena is over 49k and that’s very rare. The majority of the time the lowest that will show up is over 55k.
The latest update does not work on iPad!  Game states with new screen shot saying loading cantina for period of time then exits.  Needs to be updated for the latest update.😒😞
After this new update on 2/25/18, the game keeps crashing before the game even starts.
This game is BOOTY
Keeps crashing within seconds after it loads up.
No response from devs zero help
So I made the mistake of installing the new update on my iPhone 6. Now I can't even log in due to crashes while downloading additional content on startup. Kind of ridiculous to have years of gameplay feel all for naught due to an unstable update release. Fix it devs
After the latest update, game will no longer launch. It sits on “Loading Cantina”, fails, and then game dies.  Please fix this issue, would love to play the game again
Love the game but the recent update has prevented me from opening the game.  I’ve been on the game since near beginning and have had issues with some updates but then they worked themselves out. Never had one that prevented me from playing. 
Hey! Is anyone else having trouble opening the app after this new update? Just seeing if I’m the only one?
Not sure what happened. My iPad updated; it crashes. My iPhone did not update; app works. Hopefully they figure it out soon...
Thank you for the new update. The game now crashes during the loading screen.
The latest update makes the game crash right after the “loading cantina” page. RIP raid Shards.
Hay un Bug con la nueva actualización!!! Arreglen
There’s something wrong with the game. It keeps lagging me out. And I tried making more space for it, and that didn’t work. You need to fix it.
Great strategy game that I love to play. It’s my own little way to relieve stress and have a little fun.
Love this game. PLEASE FIX! This latest up date won't load. I'm the leader and need to get into the game.
Would love to see what the new update brings, but anytime I try to do anything in game, it crashes! I have an iPhone 6. Please fix this as fast as possible! Love your game!
I love this game but now I can’t play it  Did the update and now it crashes while doing in-app download.   Don’t tell me to uninstall and reinstall. That’s stupid. Why can’t an update just work. 
It’s awesome
Just downloaded the updated version of this and it crashes every time. I can’t even get to any screen... just says cantina is loading and nothing. I used to love this before the update
Hands down the best mobile game I have played and without a doubt One of the top Star Wars games ever.
They not gimme a lot rewards It's not enough what happen with the doble drop rewards  the zeta just give one zeta or nothing and omega too  It's really hard to get gear to upgrade the characters level 7 to 12 why not make a challenge like mace windu darth mau 
Great game!
Wow good job, you have dried up the game to try and get purchases to the point our guild mates who have played over a year are quitting the game at an incredible rate! Thanks! In your greed you have forgotten the people who play the game are your best advertisement and now we just get newbies trying out the game, play for a couple weeks and abandon it because they can’t get anything they need. No gear, no sims, no shards, no players.  this games gone to crap, now if you are one of the “elite lucky ones” you get placed on a special server that allows you to easily win sections, while the majority are left to struggle in the real game. Also making it nearly impossible for guilds to know who’s cheating and who isn’t.  If there is an event coming you won't be able to get shards you need to play it without paying an insane amount of money because they have set it to not give them to you, as soon as the event is over things return to normal. The game is glitched out beyond belief with floating heads and stalled game play been that way for months, they fix nothing but keep adding new characters that make the ones they forced you to pay for before obsolete.  Why do you have to get the? Because they over power the new ones so the only way to be competitive is to pay, then a few months later they “adjust” them by turning them down or turning up others. Also be prepared to live in the forums and devote your life to all their little “mysterious” changes.  I wouldn’t recommend this game to anyone!  This game used to be fun but now its become a fulltime job that you cant ever get ahead in.  The booster packs are ridiculously priced (one pack for the price of a console game!) in true disney fashion and it is NOT a game that you can play for free because as you advance you will find without spending an insane amount of money youve hit a ceiling.  They dump additions to the game in at an alarming rate to make you feel pressured to buy their overpriced packs that give you minimal help.  They are now adding guild activities as a way to get other players to pressure you to advance aka buy packs or you cant participate in the activity.  This is an APP, its insanity to spend 20-50 for a few shards, id rather buy console games, where the graphics, game play and story match the price. 
For the last 3 days the game turns itself off out of nowhere, please fix ASAP. I play that game every day, and spend a lot of money on it it,has to be flawless. 
Thanks for making such a fun and enjoyable game   You can compete with others and yourself  it's fun to get extra items and new characters and ships and etc
Just so u know I really love dis game. Everyday I wake up to play and get grounded xDDD. But then in game when u run out of energy, it’s really annoying to spend gems. Pls make an exchange for Catina energy for battle energy. Thanks!
I grew up around this game when it first came out but can u plz sugggest this, so there are a lot of characters that have missing abilities for example Mace  Windu, he has no force power and if you go into the star bars storyline you find a Seine were he uses Force Crush on General Grivous you should add his power to the game and it’s not only for him.
Many hidden tricks and stupidity. If you don’t turn the game on at certain times you will not receive Catina energy or bonus energy, “you need this content in order to play.” Pay for play tactics and inept coding!!!
Ohhhh yeahhhh
I love this game I play it every day
I play it on an iPad 2, and I can practically draw my battles.
I am a huge star wars fan and spent hours on this game. I enjoyed it but i quit for a year and now when i got back to it i am way too back in the arena missed lots of stuff and no point in continuing now.  The game doesnt allow you to reset it and start for the beginning. The developers told me that i had to make a new playstore account for that.... 
Incredibly glitchy and completely rigged to make you spend money. Terrible customer support. Don’t waste your time unless you want to spend a lot of money and still get screwed over.
Hey. Add bossk, jango fett, padme, JAR JAR, BB-9E, Snoke, Old Luke, praetorian guards, ki-adi mundi, sassee tiin, agent kallus, more clones/clone commanders like gree and bly. Maybe some of the 501st like jesse and kix and some from the 212th like boil and waxer.even a commander wolffe or old captain Rex. And shaak ti. Maybe even some expanded universe people like starkiller. More mandalorian variants like pre visla or mauls commandos. Also aurra sing. And while you are at it add hondo.  Add ships like the tie defender. Overall good game but if you have characters like “coruscant underworld police” or “tusken shaman”, then you could most definitely add all or some of the characters above. I gave you a variety so choose some! Overall great game.
Very addictive, can't stop playing
If you don’t pay for the game, you are going to have a hard time. Once you pass around level 45, you get placed against extremely difficult teams and squads, that were either payed for or earned by used other squads you don’t have. Either way this makes everything annoying from the Squad Arena to the Galactic Wars
This is fun
This is the best game I have ever played but there are still a few problems: every time I try to do a fleet battle, the game crashes. This is not a wifi problem, because I have played in every corner of my house and it still doesn't work. The other problem is there is no Jengo Fett, no ARF troopers, and no Shocktroopers. Oh, and please make it a bit easier to get General Grievous (he is one of my favorites)!!!
Good Time 
!!
Deliciously fantastic, just keep developing old characters in and couldn’t be happier
I really like the game. Does not need to update as much as commander and is fun to play. Only reason I only gave it 4 stars is because I feel the whole thing where it takes FOREVER to get to do different types of games like ships and mods in the cantina is annoying. Also, the squads are not as interesting as Commander.
U keep popping up and ur being werid and go make the game a lil more oh I don’t know LESS BORING
Not loading
I loved it the first time
I love this game but pls add bossk. thank you.
I love spending four minutes of my time waiting for nightsister archer to unstealth or getting demolished by characters you can only get by paying for them or being locked out of challenges because I don’t have characters you have to pay for. I wasted my money on this game.
Let me say first, its a solid game... I won't lie either, it's definitely a pay to win game. Its extremely laggy transitioning from one stage to the next Guilds and other features cost way too many credits for them to be worth it Many characters need balancing(phoenix squad) as some counter attack their counter attack 7 times in a row Where as others gain health through damage dealt to them and attacks they do, making them effectively invincible  If you want the good characters, sorry pal, get ready to drop some dough, because, after all this is made by EA the biggest cash garb company ever 
I thought I would give the game another try since they updated it but it glitches and I’ve lost at least 1 character, 7 star gear 10 commander Luke. It pisses me off when stuff like this happens in games. Fun game other than that.
I’ve lost easily more that 2000 crystals due to two types of glitches.  1. There’s a problem with the sim tickets that asks to reload energy, (when I have full) and will not let you proceed until you’ve purchased the reload... 2. The promo cards opened with a large amount of crystals opened a completely different set of cards and weren’t related to the one I clicked.   Other than that, it’s a pretty good game. 
This game is an amazing game I have only spent 10 dollars yet I’m on the top 1ks. A great part of the game is that you can get good so quickly I am already lvl 62 and I’ve only played for two months, a down side is that they do not have any battle droid characters and sun fac is awful and should be better
Best game ever!
Simply, super fun.....seriously!
I have been playing this game for 2 years and this is my favorite iPhone game. It has the perfect amount of complication of strategy to keep it interesting and the perfect amount of grid. It was the first free game I spent money in. You pay to get thing first but you will eventually get everything for free.
This is an awesome game where you don’t have to pay to win. The game play will keep you for a long time building up. I one issue is that the Data Cards are just not worth buying.
So amazing blow my mind it is will good game if you like batting games you would like this game so try it out.
I played this game when it first came out. To be honest spent som money on the game, more money then I should have and loved the love. Stoped playing for a bit and decided to play it since it was still on my phone. Said I need to do an update and found the game had rest everything. I had linked my game with Facebook but they removed that so wow. So play at your own risk.
I love this game!! I’ve been playing this game for years and I always have fun playing. Although this game is very fun, I do have some ideas to make it better. I am not sure if there is another place to put this, but it was the only thing I could think of. When you are in the  Store, there should be a slider for the amount you wish to purchase for the Bronzium Data Card. Over the years of playing, I have gathered a very large amount of ally points and It gets very annoying when you have to constantly go and buy an individual card EVERY-TIME. If there was a sort of amount choice for purchasing, it would be more enjoyable. But overall, I love this game and greatly recommend it. 👍🏻👍🏻
I just got the game and it’s more fun than I expected. But theirs one that could be improved is that the first 10 characters you have to get because I got it on 2 other things and it’s the same characters every time. So I think their could be more variety. And also their should battlefront 2 characters and exclusive characters Star Wars characters to galaxy of heroes.
Capital Games and EA in my opinion are the worst video companies ever.  Horrible business model.  Claim you meet the requirements of an event only to found out your team does not make it pass round 1.  Lying to people to make them spend money.  How can you say this is a great game or company.  Drop you ego you losers you just a horrible video game company. No one would really miss you if you went out of business.  The world is a better without EA.  No more greedy cheating scum.
It would be nice to chat with your allies not in your guild. It would be great to sell gear that we have over 500 or a 1000 of, like mods. Territorial Wars, make them more even in GP power. Thanks 
It's a good game.
It’s a good game I would suggest it no bugs great for IOS
You pay, you win! The game is made by EA so it’s filled with loot boxes. You pay and get a randomized reward. The game is kind of fun but you need to grind HARD to get anywhere. Like, months and months of grinding. Or just give them $100 every now and again. Definitely not worth spending real money on this game but you can see who does when battling your team against others in the Arena. It’s also becoming very slow and unresponsive. They keep trying to add things to keep the pay to play alive but it just slows everything down considerably. 
I think this is an amazing game but I feel like there should be more characters.DJ Snoke And general Hux is a small list
Games fun, but you gotta grind like crazy if you want to stay Free. It’s possible.
1300 crystals for 7 shards. Game deleted... don’t waste your time
I’ve been playing this game for over a year and a half now I’m completely free to play. The game takes time, but you can achieve any of the goals set forth by the developers. There are weekly events, And a variety of characters to choose from. Any fan of Star Wars should play this game.
Please add General Hux
I wig Star Wars
I’ve been playing this game for over 2 years. I love everything bout this game EXCEPT the ship arena. I love the ships, I love the concept, I love the battles. Here’s the problem. They have NEVER nerfed Biggs’s X-Wing..... it’s so obvious it’s ridiculous!! The ship arena is nothing more than a stale and stagnant parking lot. You will not advance. You will not drop in rank. You will just in your spot and never move. EVERYONE and I mean EVERYONE has a 7 star Biggs X-Wing with a 7 star Biggs pilot... and EVERYONE uses him. So no matter who you face, what ships you use, what ships your opponent has, or what capital ship he uses you’re not getting past Biggs. PERIOD. There is absolutely no synergy type bonuses for having certain ship combos like the squads for characters do, at least the characters have squads that work well together for example using all First Order characters as a team or all Sith. So there’s not even a reason NOT to use Biggs X-Wing because you can use it with any capital ship and any combo. Two plus years of playing this game and there’s 3 suggestions I would make. 1. NERF Biggs’s X-Wing. 2. Add synergy bonuses for completing and using specific squads. That goes for ships and characters. For example if you use an all Jedi team they have bonus tenacity or if you use all Clone troopers they have bonus speed or use all Empire ships and capital ship get a damage bonus. 3. Make a galactic war style map for the ships. There are not enough ships in this game and not enough things to do with them. There should be 2 separate arenas for ships. One for space battles and one for ground battles. Why are their no ground ships?? Those would complete this game in my opinion and make it the most rich and entertaining Star Wars game I have ever played in my 40 years.
My son plays on his iPhone. I have purchased twice $19.99 worth of gems for him. He has to ask permission from me on the family Apple share feature. Whenever I authorize I get charged but he doesn’t get his crystals.  After two weeks of trying to prove to EA that I made the purchase (provided print screen unaltered showing the itunes account  and my bank charge on the purchase. After all this ea told me to complain to Apple iTunes. I got the refund. Decided again to purchase. Same problem. 
First of all this game is amazing, but there are a few problems plus I would like to mention some characters you could add to the game. The problems are, it is hard to get characters early game, it is hard to keep your credits amount and character level balanced, and some of the purchasable items with gems or money cost to much for what you get. I would also like to mention that it would be cool to have a game mode starting at around level 25-35 that allows you to vs other players in a 1v1 or 2v2 format. Now for my character recommendations. 1. Hermit Luke Skywalker 2. Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker 3. Knight of Ren 4. Elite Praetorian Guard 5. Veteran Rebel Leia 6. Supreme Leader Snoke 7. Jedi Padawan Ben Solo 8. Storm trooper Finn 9. Pre Visla 10. Deathwatch Trooper 11. Bo Katan 12. Darth Maul (Ruler of Mandalore) 13. Admiral Ackbar (Clone Wars) 14. Maz Kanata 15. Agent Kallus 16. Agent Kallus (Rebel) 17. Nightbrother Savage Oppress 18. Young Boba Fett 19. Aurra Sing 20. Bossk 21. Veteran Pirate Hondo 22. Hondo's Pirate Thug 23. Darth Maul (Old Maul) 24. Darth Palgueis the Wise 25. Darth Sion 26. Darth Traya 27. Veteran Trooper Rex 28. Admiral Yularen 29. Admiral Trench 30. Imperial Yularen 31. Mas Amedda 32. Bail Organa 33. Mon Mothma 34. Embo 35. First Order "Traitor" 36. Jabba the Hutt 37. Quin-Lan Vos 38. Padme Amidala 39. Watto 40. Veteran Trooper Wolfe 41. Veteran Trooper Gregor 
Hours of entertainment
The game is very nostalgic also challenging. The iconic sounds of light sabers clashing, blasters going off and even the battles that take place in space. They all are, simply put, amazing. The game is challenging because it requires you to be patient to achieve or acquire the certain champions you desire.  If you want to play this game, be prepared to invest a good amount of time into it. At least the time spent on it is not taxing like some. Do or do not, there is no try. 
Get random Star Wars cards, level them up, battle against computer, repeat.
I’m not even a big Star Wars fan, but I am a strategy game fan.  The developers truly made a one-of-a-kind multi-faceted strategy gem here with a lot to offer and a lot of fun!  You can tell a LOT of thought went into how to develop this game and it’s gameplay.  The only gripe I have is they make farming the gear and certain characters very arduous and time consuming trying to get you to spend money to speed up the process.  I really wish they would throw us more bones to help with gearing up our characters and give us more control over which gear we choose to get from raids rather than it being random every time.  Due to the gear grind, it will cause a lot of fall-out later on with people leaving the game which I’ve already seen happen to some of my friends.  If they made that aspect easier to control, they could keep more people playing this game forever. 
I like the game in no way am I saying this should be avoided if you love Star Wars this is one of the best games out there.  Now my main issue is that the games is suited heavily for light side characters, I’ve seen a commander Luke squad easily take out an entire party, and in training Rey don’t get me started. Even with the new updates to Palpatine and Vader the Sith are still under rated.  And yes the new update and raid has a chance to bring all back home it still doesn’t excuse the fact that the dark side is a second thought we need more Sith from any era heck I think Darth Bane would be a good edition along with Darth Revan, Darth Marr, and many others so much lore to work with and while others may argue to many Sith would unbalance I would argue that there are plenty of Jedi from old and new republic that can balance it out.  Even placing soldiers from both sides be it companions from the old republic or from knights of the old republic plenty of non force users are available as well as force users.  Finally with the guild territory battles right now it’s only The rebel alliance and the empire at Hoth is all we get why not add in a battle for Geonosis from both clone and CIS just like the battle for Hoth. 
400 energy and a hundred crystals later, I get absolutely nothing. Drop rate needs to be above zero. This is truly a pathetic money grab by EA and Disney. The game itself is a lot of fun, only reason I didn’t give it a one star. But some teams have terrible balancing issues and drop rates pathetic, time to find a better game to play
Pay 2 Win. Typical EA. Not worth it.
There is not good way to get Zeta materials or Gear level 12.. or anything that really keeps me engaged in playing.  I’ve been playing for over a year and I’m not ashamed to say I have spent over $1,000 on the game. It was fun and I was obsessed with the game. Now not so much. All the “free” stuff does me no good I have 1,000s of those items.  A update that helps everyone would be nice.  The same thing happened for Clash of Clans. I played that game go 3 years and now... nothing.  Developers... please do something for us high level players. 
Get this game. It’s free, and great if you love SW. If you want to level up fast and have no patience and need to be the best and have the best, then you can choose to pay. Starting out maybe kinda slow but you can level up fast. Look for advice if you want to progress. I have bought a few things on here that I really wanted, other than that it’s been free for me but I didn’t have to buy anything to enjoy this. I play every day. They are constantly adding new aspects and if you find a guild that can be a team like the way you like to play and do events it makes it all the better. Most of all, Have fun!
Release (Jedi)Luke Skywalker, Starkiller, DASH RENDAR, (Sith)Anakin Skywalker to name a few but, great game!!
It’s a fun game if your willing to put in time. There will always be people who spend money to get ahead,  until you can still be free to play and do well
EA has the worst customer service ever! They use overseas foreigners who can’t speak English, and they give you excuses to not help you. Even if you have your account linked to the Gamecenter, you better hope your account doesn’t just magically disappear. They will not help you. If you buy in App purchases, and you have your receipts, they will basically tell you to F-off, and that they are not responsible for lost accounts. They will give you every reason they can think of to not help. They say they can recover a lost account if you have it linked to the Gamecenter, and then they don’t do it. They tell you to start a new account so that they can link any recovered account to the new one, and then they won’t do it. Apple support says they can’t do anything with third party apps. So basically this game will waste your time because EA will have you purchasing in App add ons that they will lose, and they will not help you recover a lost account! Do not buy in App purchases for this game unless you like to lose money  to EA! Also, don’t waste your time with this game!
This is the only game that I keep coming back to. The community in the guilds and arena chats makes this game for me. Well, that and it’s STAR WARS :)
Game is getting past year 2 and still taking our money swiftly, time to make it a model for everyone
Pleasantly surprised by this game. Usually I get bored, plus I don’t care about multiplayer. But you can enjoy this game totally without it. Good reward system too. I see why it’s an Editor’s Choice.
Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes has all the makings of a great game. Cool graphics filled with key characters of the Star Wars series as well as several new unique ones. It is very challenging gameplay: it is filled with multiple games with daily quests/challenges that is well-designed to peak your interest and capture your desire to continue to play on to attain higher levels. However, there is one glaring problem, the creators make it impossible to advance your characters to attain in adequate level during daily challenges to obtain higher rewards. There is a clear emphasis on having the player continue to spend money to upgrade his army of character. However, upon attaining the highest player levels, the manufacturer has rigged the game play so that you are pitted against factitious other teams that are increasingly higher than your greatest teams’ ability to conquer. Despite advancing your characters to higher levels, each day, you begin knocked down to a lower level and are matched up against other squadrons/units with considerably higher skill sets with advance speeds that destroy your units, thereby hampering your ability to advance. Having read multiple other gamers’ reviews, I am sure that the manufactures are well aware of this, yet have not modified the game accordingly. Unless you are of substantial dispensable financial means, my advice would be to avoid this game.
Hive had this game for a couple of years now yes, sad to say I’ve even spent money on it! I love how the game editors keep pace with new characters and upgraded abilities, new content, contests, major and minor events, plenty of guild activity and keep this hard but interesting. Easy to learn, tough to master and lots of good communication.
I I’ll 
You guys need to make a new login system bc I lost all my characters on my old phone and I want able to get them back so I had to start all over from the beginning of the game
Ignore the people who say it is because it really isn't. They just don't know strategy. I have played this game for over a year and have NOT spent a single penny on it. It's also people's lack of patience, it's not like you're going to get a 4 star character in a day because that is not how it works. You have to know how and when to spend your credits/arena or whatever kind if currency. I am a max level with nearly every single character. If you all wanna complain about a play to win game go try that stupid gardenscapes game.
This game is basically a pay to play game. Sure it’s free to download but with all the random OP characters that they keep putting in the game it’s getting more and more pay to play. I’ve gotten to the extent where I don’t play much  anymore because of how biased it is to those who have bought character packs for $20-99
So I’ve been playing this game for at least 2 years and it’s been great. I usually never buy any shards for new characters but I gave in tonight. The deal was that I need 1299 shards to buy so I had to spend $9.99 so I gave in. They said that you you get 5-330 shard. Low and be hold I got 7. It actually made me laugh and I actually bought another $9.99 worth cuz I wouldn’t believe that they would do that to me again..... guess what happens... they game me 7 again. I can’t believe that I got 14 shard for $20. This game is a rip off. Honestly I shouldn’t be surprised because it’s owned by Disney. Can I get a refund?? I bet I don’t get a response.
I can't even download the game soooooooo bad
All the best characters must be bought. Hit max level after 4 months and game is no fun anymore
This is a really good game, I haven’t had a good game in sooooooo long so it s good to get one finally big props to the makers of this game
This game is so much fun I play it whenever I can. The only bad thing is that it takes a little longer to get to the better parts of the game without paying money. I would suggest this to anyone especially STAR WARS fans because this has every character in the movies, even the Wampa.😜 Please play!!
Makes me whack
SWGOH is a great and addictive game.  Highly recommended. The big down side it is expensive if you choose to buy the speed up in game purchases. If you are patient and plan you can enjoy the game without spending lots of cash before you know it.
Thank you for such a great game I play every day since I have had it for almost 2 years the only days I know of I didn’t play was when I was underway on  my Navy ship. You art work is amazing and your attention to detail to keep the game fair and accurate is remarkable. The steady flow of new characters is big in keeping me excited.  I really appreciate the team of folks that make GOH happen. Thank You!
Another review from someone whose played this game for 2 years.  Have fun because you love Star Wars. PAY HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS (no exaggeration)TO BE COMPETITIVE. $$$$$$  Y'all have become to greedy. Money grab plain and simple. I have become disenchanted and only the fact that I've spent so much time playing this game with my son and my love of Star Wars is why you didn't get 1star. Be ashamed.  Previous review: First off I've been playing for a year or so now.  I've learned the mechanics and strategies. Now I just need many hundreds of dollars to compete at high lvls. Other than that I love this game. Pulling out a comeback win is pure joy. The new ships can be aggravating. If you don't have sacks of cash on hand be ready to do some SERIOUS grinding once you get to lvl 65 and up. I really do like this game but recently EA/Disney has been pushing too many new characters that I know are making them a lot of money. 
Creative style of game play that ever changing. Been playing for years and still keeps my interest.
The gameplay, the characters, the locations, the animations and the selection of music are just incredible.  The raid ticket cap needs to be raised to at least 200k. Why even have a cap at all?  Can you please add on option in the guild manager to sort by members’ GP? An option to buy more than one Bronzium Data Card at a time, such as in a similar fashion to using Sim Tickets, would be very helpful. Also, being able to battle head-to-head against allies and guild mates would be fun (even just as exhibitions). Can you please add Mk III ability mats to the Cantina Store?  More importantly, can you please display the turn meter in the top right corner along with the targeted toon's health and protection? If enemies have too many buffs and debuffs, I can't tell what their TM is. Also, can you display which enemy is the "healthiest" during Hera's entire turn? It flashes up for such a short time.  Character additions I can think of include Hondo Ohnaka, Bossk, Aurra Sing, Embo (s/o to Dave Filoni [I now see Embo in LS Hard 9-B and he's awesome, thanks for adding]), Pre Viszla, Bo-Katan Kryze and Padmé Amidala. I can see difficulties with adding Star Wars Rebels characters and R2-D2 (edit: thank you for adding!).  A C-3PO addition would be interesting. He wouldn't attack, but he could have synergy with R2 and Ewoks. I’d love to see Thane Kyrell and Ciena Ree added. They’d have to sport Rebel and Empire tags, respectively, but they’d have extremely strong synergy.  Now for an upgrade for Kanan (and therefore Chirrut): I think he should be able to target stealth enemies because he "sees" with the Force. In-game, I see how this would be an issue that would make Chirrut overpowered.  We need another QoL update. I understand CG wants us to see the packs for purchase, so we can’t buy more than one Bronzium at a time. However, mod management takes way more time than it should. Being able to see all mods, including ones that are assigned to toons, all in one place is essential. Also, we can only select one type of mod set at a time when filtering. Being able to filter to at least two types would make mod management much easier too. Being able to filter by mod primary would make a galaxy of difference too. I would spend more time on the app if I could actually play the game. Instead, I get annoyed at how many toons are without (the proper) mods because of the unnecessary tedium of mod management in its current state.  We also need a confirmation message to apply a zeta. Too many guildmates have accidentally placed a zeta—the rarest resource in the game. 
Fun, lite hearted game that allows for the imagination to explore other possibilities within the Star Wars Universe.
It is fun and addictive to play. With a large number of characters and locations. It’s a good strategy game for any Star Wars fan. Although fun note as brought out in episode 8 numerous times the Rebellion and Resistance is the same faction.
Great concept of a game , was great in the beginning, I’ve been playing from the start , do not waste your time on this game. Drop rates are so low on gear and zeta items you’ll never proceed without spending unless you want to wait years . They have 3 zeta challenges a week where you have a chance for zetas to drop. You will literally go weeks and sometimes months without one dropping . I’m telling you from experience EA and Disney are the most disgusting trash greedy companies you’ll ever encounter. Stick to games where you control more of the game play. Clash Royale is a better skill based game.
👍🏼
I recommend this game to anyone it's fun and easy to play and if you're a fan of starwars then this is the game for you!
This is a great game I have had this game for more than a month. I am the kind of guy that deletes stupid games but this one no way.
I met some amazing people in the guild I am in and I love my aayla team they are so amazing
I really enjoy playing this game. It is not one of those games when you can beat the game and get every thing in one day.It is a fantastic game period!
The game is kind of fun to play, but as it has been stated, it's only for those who want to spend a lot of money. To get your characters anywhere near challenging, plan on spending hundreds of dollars. If trying to play without spending, you'll end up very frustrated because the shards for characters are few and far between. Seriously, I spent two days with only one character shard dropping. Since you need hundreds, it becomes pointless. And the gear characters use is almost next to impossible to gather without spending money. And the game has so many glitches and breaks that I keep having to uninstall/reinstall. Play for a couple of hours for a time waster but don't plan on actually becoming involved. You will be crying.
It’s fun
Loved the game and challenges and even “donated” money to get things (which I never pay inapp or for games)... built up to level 85 and became the leader of a guild... then we got a player in the guild that refused to help others and disobeyed the rules set by the guild... after several warnings I booted him/her and next day he/she came back so warned and booted again... next day I was banned on both my iOS and Android accounts (yes I was so addicted I played separately on both) because of that players complaint of abuse... Android permanently and iOS for 27 days... so I’m done... no more money to EA so some whiney snowflake mommas boy can whine to EA and they do no investigation before acting...
Awful. No creativity. I played it when it first came out and it was great and then it got popular and now it’s pay to play. Don’t get
I always thought wedge would kick the entire galaxys butt . Now you can see it happen . Great choice developers we all grew up wanting to be wedge . Screw Luke or Vader the real power was always wedge Antilles . Now go fight in the arena and watch wedge rule . Great game balance guys . Lol .
Gods
Love the game. Can’t stop playing it. Just saying it would be cool if pretorian guards were in this.
Good you reworked Palpatine!  Now improve his base stats he either needs: •WAY more health and protection  •or like raid Han to do crazy amounts of damage   Characters can have that low of health but that means their damage should be obscene.  It's called a glass cannon   Two stars till this is fixed. 
Going to quite over sim tickets.
Where are the b1 battle droids where are the clones how about stormtroopers it’s missing a lot of good characters fleet arena is so bad the air cheat 24/7 they get nonstop turns and destroy you only for you too get 1 turn then they get an extra turn this is almost as disappointing as battlefront 2 but it’s kinda fun in certain areas I won’t pay cause the character packs mostly give you 5 shards for the character for like 20$ so not gonna spend money ever again on garbage mobile games thanks Disney saved my money
First I’m gonna start off soft. I’m a level 80 and love the game but it has its downs. The training droids do nothing now and they need to do more for how much credits it is to use them. Second is 10-330 shards thing, REMOVE IT NOW! It is stupid you’ll never be able to get 330 you’ll always get 10 no matter what. Third you need to nerf the over power ness of the grevious raid. And finally there need more characters that we like for example; clone trooper heavy, jango fett, also more ways to get shore trooper and death trooper.  But don’t get me wrong I love the game but when you use 790 crystals! on a thing that’s rigged it ticks me off.
This game is good, but it needs help with some things.  •It’s pay to win, I’m level 78, and it took me one to two years to get there.  •I can’t create guilds, I’ve tried, but it doesn’t work, I imagine it’s my phone.  •This is again with the guild. I can’t get promoted and I also can’t receive messages from other guild members. Again, I imagine it’s my phone.  •In the beginning of the game, I couldn’t chose my name, it gave me a random name.  Other than that the game is good by it’s self. 
... is backwards. The winning team should be able to continue through the territory until defeated. As it is right now, if the winning tea is the attacker’s then both teams fighting are out. If the defenders win, they get to continue. The attacker should have the same advantage.
Amazing content updates fantastic gameplay!
I am a actress i love this game I already created my own Star Wars characters to be in it :)
I really enjoy Star  Wars Heroes - but the game needs to give out more playable characters more often .
I was/am pretty addicted to this and was pretty far along. I was playing it on my iPhone 6S. But then a few days ago I was buying a bag of gems and the  game crashed AS those were coming onto my screen.  Since then, the game won’t even boot on my iPhone. I tried saving the games data removing the game and reinstalling it. But that does nothing. I had the game - but, of course, a different player profile- on my iPad as well, but that wasn’t where I played it. The only use of it on my iPad, ultimately, is that I am here able to post this missive. The crew of high ranking characters and the entirety of that character profile is not accessible. Any benefit of the cash that I spent there is just lost.  A piss poor, annoying experience. 
Game graphics are outstanding. You don’t need to pay really to enjoy it. But paying gives you advantage of course. Some crashing issues but developers seem to care.
I bought some gems, and never got them. Thinking it was an error a bought some more, never got those either. Otherwise great game.
The game used to be fun, but now that everybody grants everyone else unlimited attacks. You can't do anything. The opposition get first attack and wipes out your team before you are allowed a turn. If the opponent has the emperor or is the rebel crew, YOU ARE GOING TO LOSE. The rebels can continually use special attacks to get unlimited turns. And heals when attacked. HUGE CHEAT!!!!!! The emperor can stun your entire team indefinitely, and yes grants the unlimited turns. This game is trash. Stay away.
Very unbalanced game. Rey starts off at the highest level with literally no training at all. She also gains the skills of every old Star Wars character with no background at all.  Kylo was one of the easiest last bosses in history.  What a bad movie- er I mean game. 
Good game
This is the single finest phone game ever made... that is all.
- WHY ISN'T THERE A MODE LIKE TRAINING FACILITY WHERE ONE CAN TEST OUT TEAMS AND NEW UNLOCKS WITH BOTS WITHOUT CONSUMING ENERGY AND WITH NO REWARDS ????***  - WHY CANT I BATTLE MY FRIENDS TEAMS ???  - WHY CANT I SEE MY FRIENDS WIN LOSS RATIO? - WHY CANT I SEE MY WIN LOSS RATIO?? - WHY CANT I SEE MY OWN GEAR? - WHY CANT I SEE THE GEAR THAT I COULD POTENTIALLY UNLOCK ABOVE MY OWN GEAR? -WHY IN SQUAD ARENA CANT I SET A DEFENSIVE TEAM TO PROTECT MY RANK WHILE ATTACKING WITH ANOTHER TEAM THAT WASN'T MEANT FOR DEFENSE ??  - WHY ISN'T THERE A SINGLE CHARACTER GUILD TEAM UP EVENT  FOR PVP OR PVE ??  - WHY DOESN'T THE GUILD MENU WIDE SCREEN DISPLAY MORE UNIQUE STATS ABOUT OUR OWN CLAN ??  - WHY OUR TOON MENU DOESN'T HAVE PRE-SET CLASSES OR PLAYER SET CLASSES FOR ORGANIZATION AND QUICK FIND ??  - WHY DOESN'T ANY OF THE CHARACTERS HAVE A BREIF DESCRIPTION ABOUT THEMSELVES TO ENLIGHTEN NEW-COMERS ?? - WHERE IS PVP ?? - WHY CANT PPL RENAME THEIR USERNAMES AT LEAST ONCE ????? - WHY CANT WE SEE THE INFO OR PLAYERS INFO’s AND STATS OF THE GUILD WE ARE TRYING TO JOIN ?? - WHY CANT “ GALACTIC WAR “ INCLUDE SHIP BATTLES ?? - WHY DO GUILD OFFICERS HAVE SUCH LITTLE POWER ?? - WHY ISN'T THERE MORE AND DIFFERENT RAIDS BY NOW ??? - WHY HASN'T THE LIGHT/DARK/CANTINA BATTLES BEEN EXPANDED UPON BY NOW ???  - WHY ISN'T THERE A HORDE MODE FOR THIS TYPE OF GAME ?? - WHY ISN'T THE PATCH NOTES READABLE IN GAME ?? - WHY ISN'T THERE A IN GAME CALENDAR WITH PAST AND UPCOMING EVENTS ?? - WHY DOESN'T SHIPS HAVE ITS OWN “ STORYLINE “??  - WHY CANT WE WATCH ADS OR VIDEOS TO REFRESH OUR ENERGY ??  - WHY CANT WE JUST DO MORE WITH OUR ALLIES ?????   WHY CANT WE HAVE SUCH SIMPLE THINGS THAT ARE EASY TO IMPLEMENT? UNTIL WE HAVE A GRAND UPDATE WHICH IS PASS OVERDUE!, THIS WILL HINDER THIS ALREADY GREAT GAME FROM ITS MAX POTENTIAL TO BE EVEN BETTER OR TO KEEP IT FROM BEING GREAT. MAX STARS WITH EVERYTHING IMPLEMENTED. 
I don’t understand how this game has such a high rating. The grind in this game is absolutely ridiculous, 80 shards to unlock characters?! Just to unlock them?! And the most you can get in shards for them is 5 a day, and that’s if you’re lucky and 10 if you’re even more lucky. Then you need more shards to upgrade them. The pay to win aspect is just absurd in this game. Other free to play games if you draw a character, you get the character. Here you draw shards for characters and save up said shards to unlock character. Don’t waste your time with this one unless you a ton of money and or time you don’t care about spending.
This game is great and it’s the same thing as injustice mobile
If I could rate less than one star I would. I paid $20 (plus tax) for some crystals, purchased the first order pack for about 70 crystals. It says it could potentially drop up to 330 shards for a bunch of different characters. I figure, wow. What a great deal. The way it looks when it’s advertised, they make it look like you’re going to get a ton of shards for a bunch of awesome characters. IT DROPPED 15 SHARDS.For captain Phasma. Awesome. That’s more than $5 worth of crystals for 15 shards, something I could have purchased with emeralds from playing the Galactic War. After 20 minutes of trying to find a way to contact EA from their poorly made website, I got in touch with their customer service. They will never EVER give you your money back if you are dissatisfied.   Their solution..they offered me 300 crystals and some generic “thank you for your positive attitude” and “sorry you are having this issue we will address it” bs.   Horrible degenerates.   In game purchases are supposed to enhance your gameplay, not leave you feeling ripped off. It’s ok though I learned my lesson. Don’t put your money into this game. They way they advertise is very deceiving.   Shady game developers..you are probably making so much money and what do we get.   15 shards.   Out of a possible 330.  You are terrible at this. And your customer service people don’t even care. You’re definitely good at what you do though, tricking people into spending their hard earned money. 
Should really add the Ebon Hawk for HK-47, sure he's not the actual pilot but it'd still be awesome! And add a clone commando or two!!
This is the best turn based rpg app out there.
Star Wars galaxy of heroes is the only mobile game I care about playing. It’s wonderfully full of diverse and iconic Star Wars characters. It provides a unique strategy formula that very few games have to offer. The quality of the game is outstanding. The devs care about their player base, everything is free-2-play and the only thing you need to give it is around 30 minutes of time each day. I’ve been playing for two years now and I’m still having a blast unlocking and upgrading new characters. High level guilds are super fun and offer more content after hitting the level cap. Great game 10/10.
It’s a really fun game, but the energy needed to battle regenerates really slow, it takes 120 hrs to get from 0 to max energy. That makes it so you need to spend crystals on energy, so you can’t use them for other things, such as data packs.
It deleted 40 of my levels, and all of my characters👎👎🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡👿👿👿😱😱😱
The game is fun to play. However, as with any EA game, the pay to win aspect is too high. I’m a level 51 and haven’t spent a lot of money on this game. So a little tip for newcomers, DO NOT BUY THE DATA PACKS! They’re a huge waste of money. I’ve bought 2 so far, and spent $10.00 on them. Huge mistake, because every time I’ve gotten near nothing for it. It’s not worth wasting your money thinking you might get something cool, because you won’t. For the simple reason of a terribly long time to level up without paying. I give this game one star. Too man pay to play. As always with EA
This game is really fun, but it’s from EA. Micro transactions everywhere.
It’s a fun game, until you run across one of the exploits. There are a few teams that are just absolutely obnoxious, and the calculations are broken. Commander Luke, Baze, Chirrut, R2, Han or basically anyone else.. just forget even trying you won’t win so just quit. The Night Sisters? Yep, undead zombie with no gear just keeps coming back, “endless horde” while the others whittle you down. Can you beat these teams, yes, can you as an average or standard player? No. It’s not pay to play as much as some claim, the game is rigged to never give you a lot of any one thing, they give you enough to keep you going but if you buy you are not guaranteed anything but a chance to get something, maybe, and even then it would be a lot of cash to do. So you can play free, and I highly recommend it because if you spend you will feel great until you see a team of sith or the above that just ruin your willingness to play. Oh and when I say broken metrics, I mean Leia has a chance to attack three times.. as long as she is your computer opponent, if she is yours her actual % of second and third shot apply, otherwise it’s always 3 shots in a row. And Biggs with Wedge, on ground or in space will kill you. His ship always as an opponent target locks and becomes essentially invincible. Again if you can skirt around the obviously broken squads you can play this game.. maybe..
All I want is Boss, Scorch, Fixer, and Sev from Republic Commando. Please.
Very entertaining and I use speakers sometimes just to listen to the music!
Cool game but I would love it if it had land vehicles, so if you did you could have at-at walkers and those draggers things in last Jedi. So I hope you consider this idea. I would also like old republic characters like bane and raven. Other wise this game would get 1,000,000,000,000 stars If you put in bane one of his powers could be rule of two where another sith does a attack if no other sith you can pick anyone please after all the sith category is pretty small   I have a new game idea too you can pick someone and you play as them and you control them and you can attack other bases and you get to despise this part maybe you can make someone like cad bane and make him the leader of the empire and kill the emperor. please and thank you 
It’s fine as a Star Wars fan but 1:it’s ea.2:it is just super simple and I hate the energy thing so I have to wait to battle
It is a great game but it needs more features.
Police officers were not arrested for a race in which case they had been convicted and had been sentenced to another death of the three of us with a number denotes was a crime and a criminal court case and the number in the number three times a day in a court case in a court ruling and a case in the court in the first three years and had to go into the hospital for a court court case and court case for court court case court in the court of law and then to go into a political party in the court and in case it was a good game
Unless you buy things you will not achieve what you want, and you will be disappointed a lot
You cant rename your player on the iPad.
Well, the gameplay itself was fun.  Like a lot of card collecting games, nice tactics, fun upgrades.   After playing a few days I decided I would pop $10 for a Han Solo character (I mean it is Star Wars, and everyone needs a lovable scoundrel in their party).  Grand!  But only half of the shards for the character were delivered (not as advertised).  So I clicked the help and contact us which brought me to EA Games help. They could not help me, saying I had to find the game developer forum to ask, and sending me a link for FIFA Soccer (I assume in a continuance of error).  They did offer me 200 in-game crystals for my inconvenience, though!  Yeah.    Not getting what I paid for is leading me to take the effort to leave this review and I’ll uninstall the game too.  At least it happened after just a few days of gameplay and on my first purchase so there wasn’t much wasted in this lesson I can share with everyone.  Have fun, play for free, but my experience trying to buy something and not getting it while not finding any reasonable way to have it addressed should lead you to your own conclusions there.  No mas for me, I think. 
It's good
The easy levels are way to hard this game is the game I never wanna play ever again in my life
I keep enjoying play
If you have unlimited resources to spend on a mobile game then this is the game for you!   You will have 0 chance of accomplishing anything in the game F2P so simply enter those credit card numbers and start racking up that debt!   No really...if you don’t invest minimum $200 a month you will get frustrated and quit...so do yourself and favor and just don’t play. It really deserves no stars I promise. 
This game is just a cash grab for EA, who was voted one top 5 of the worst companies. Unless you plan on spending tons of money don’t bother. I’ve been playing since launch and it’s just become unbearable.
Add Starkiller(Galen Marek). He’s a huge part of the Star Wars universe and you’ve added all the other character from the video games and shows and movies. This game is awesome. I only ask you to consider adding the characters on the “The force unleashed 1 & 2” video games. Please and thank you.
It is awesome
Fun & fascinating game to learn. Both simple and complex.
This is a great game that doesn’t need you to pay to play to progress but is useful if you want to be great. The one thing I wish it had was a system that showed what type of guild different guilds are like “casual” “serious” etc. it would make recruiting and joining different guilds easier.
I always wanted to battle as my favorite characters from Star Wars! But I always had to do it with Telepods, Legos, and action figures. And most of the time, I never had the figures that I wanted to use to play with. Now I can!
Still needs work. I like the concept, but there are definitely groupings that are drastically over powered, and I severely doubt they are coincidentally the characters that you mostly have to pay for to complete the teams.
Love the game but wish there was a way to have a practice pvp match with guildmates. Even if it’s not live play just compete against active or preset squads.
You should make players free so more people will get the game
Good
It's a great game. Been playing it for a month and a half and really don't have to much to complain on besides 1.the search engine for both guilds and players is really dumb 2. Spending money on shards or gear packs is a waste. Only spent 30 but felt it made really no difference 3. The energy replenishing takes to long, especially the cantina energy 4.Bosses are over powered for a first time player 5. They disappointed me with how much of a sale we didn't get for may the 4th, or just lack of spirit for our day. example: no gifts. And to add on, why did u guys take out so many of the daily activities? It’s impossible to level up now
A few days ago I purchased gems and didn’t receive them. With rewards with character shards won in spins, or in sim battles don’t go into my characters like they’re supposed too all the time! What a rip off!! I’m not happy at all. This happens quite often on the game, too often
Solid RPG sleepi style.
Great mechanics, great community. A must play for any fan. Rewarding and fun with interesting events, pvp, and characters. I’ve played almost a year and enjoy it very much.  Watch out for the micro transactions.
If you like FF tactics, add Star Wars and go
Porgs are yummy, porgs are sweet Porgs is the other other white meat 
Don't waste your money! The customer service is not helpful when they mess up. Glitches cost rewards and they won't help even though my guild spends $60,000-$75,000 a year on this game. We, my alliance of seven guilds ($300,000/annual spenders) are talking about quitting because of said sad support. Multiple issues, zero ‘support’
The tank characters lose health faster than any other characters I’m level 36 and lose to level 25 due to my tank characters dying and no matter how many different combinations I try I still lose the game is good but a little broken
I’ve been playing the game for about a year now, and I’ve come to realize that the best part of the game is the supporting community. There’s a lot of of people trying to help you level up and you can generally answer questions with a simple google search. It’s a grind it out kind of game, but its rewarding. Moreover, you can have a lot of fun as a free to play player.. you have to be smart with your resources and be organized in your approach.   As such, I have a suggestion for the devs: can you please provide slide scales from 1-10 for the sound effects? When I listen to music and try to play the game with  “Sound FX” the effects drown out the music. Thanks! 
This would be a great game but it’s almost a pay to win game I hate it and the energy takes so long to refill it’s like you have to buy crystals to just refill your energy it would be 5 stars but it’s not please fix it so it will be a better game
Best game ever made
This game is an interesting idea, but there are problems in execution. Let me state some.  The drop rate. You can spend a month and a half to get *ONE* character, and it’s not just the really good one, even the mediocre to bad ones. Of course your grind fest can be shortened in exchange for $$$  That leads to the next problem. The poor player vs player matchups, if you enjoy getting your rear handed to you day in and day out by players who have obviously bought their teams. If I’m lucky, I might win 10% of 70 matches. The problem is that the more matches you lose, the less resources you get, the less resources you get, the less you can improve your situation, becoming a vicious downward spiral, either frustrating you to open your own wallet or rage quit.  While whales might be great for the developer’s pocket, it breaks a game. It removes skill for those who have more money than sense, (maybe they are compensating for something...) and makes the game unplayable after a certain level. It kind of works like CG/EA puts in a great new character, the whales drop a couple of thousand dollars, and have super Rey in like a couple of days and eat everyone else.  Here are some suggestions, improve the drop rates. Is it really necessary to make it take that long? You thought battlefront 2 was bad? Try doing a Jedi Knight Anakin node for five days and only getting one shard.  It’s obvious the pay to win people are so competitive (this solution will benefit you CG/EA) put them in their own area for the pay to players, this will give you all the money you could want, because they will spend themselves bankrupt to beat others with the same moronic mindset in a wallet arms race.  If you like endless grind this is for you. 
Awesome game so far.
can't put it down so good can't get enough. Make one just like it for marvel you will be riling into the $$ but the exact Same just reskin bc it’s prefect.
SWGH: Brilliantly entertaining and engaging on a daily basis. I enjoy the multitude of characters, the attainable goals, and the thoughtful missions, raids, and events that help every player to achieve their goals. The only thing that is somewhat redundant is the gear shipments, along with some other scarce gear level 5 shipments. In addition, some gear is underused and too prevalent, and yet other gear is needed by most all characters, yet is difficult to find, which can be an obstacle. Overall, the game is great. It keeps players working toward building stronger and more diverse teams. Keep the updates coming.
I’ve played this game for years now, I’m level 85 (max level as of now) and haven’t spent a single penny on this game. This game is still one of my favorites and still very fun to play! I know there’s a lot going on right now with the new Star Wars movies and so updates will still probably be on new characters and things like that but.. please please please.. I’m really looking forward to General Grievous being worked on! He’s my all time favorite Star Wars character and it’s very very hard to get him to 7 star in this game. Like very very hard! But he’s still very very weak and definitely not a top character to use. So I really hope sometime soon, you guys can make General Grievous a lot stronger and worth getting. Other than that, great game! I recommend getting this game to anyone who hasn’t got it yet. Thanks! :)
Solid gameplay, but totally predatory when it comes to in-app-purchases.  New content could take hundreds, if not thousands of dollars to unlock.  I wouldn’t even classify the purchases as micro-transactions; as many of them cost up to $50!
It extremely fun after level 50 and after your characters are 5 or 6 stars at the beginning its all the same thing over and over but after level 50 its worth it play this game
It is really fun, and I like to collect the different Star Wars characters.
I am a free to play player and after you hit max level I ca t complain much about the transaction, but gameplay is Somewhat dull. Come on guys. You are also very lacking in the creativity department. There has been no new battle Composition since it can out. Listen to this.  Bigger battles where you can bring fifteen characters. Area attacks would be done in thirds, hitting five of them. You could also have 2 large units in the back, like a weaker rancor or aat, an AT-ST,AT-AT, 4 speeder bikes, a couple blaster cannons, an faction army(rebel, empire, separatists, Republic, etc) or something else big behind the 15 individuals. Anybody can attack anybody on the ground. At the same time, a couple spaceships up above that can attack in the air or ground. This would allow for ACTUAL strategy, and allow you to want to invest in more than 5 characters, let you get multiple synergies going, and look really cool. Please relay my thoughts to the developer team and make this a game worth investing in. My confidence in the developers has plummeted, as there are no responses to any reviews. Make this an actual strategy game, please. 
So you have to ask, “Why do people play?” It’s Star Wars, stupid. The game concept is great. It can be engaging and exhilarating when you reach a goal.  The customer service and community communication is poor at the best of times.  When the developers miss a bugged event. Especially one that was not bugged the first time around. So something was changed to create the bug. Then they proceeded to tell the community it is bugged and will continue to be bugged this time around. And we (CG/EA) won’t raise a finger against anyone exploiting the game this way.  That is only one example of far too many to list here failings the current head of community communications has created.   And word to the wise, don’t get any long term players started on the topic of “August”, or the recent blatant trolling of the player community.  So why does anyone play this game? It’s Star Wars, stupid.  P.S. I know I never mentioned anything about CG customer support. What I have to say about that topic is not fit to print. 
El juego es excelente pero me gustaría que me dejara de pedir internet para jugar
It’s so much fun and I love Star Wars
I’ve been playing this game for a year and a half and I still thoroughly enjoy it. I play it everyday whenever I’ve got a few minutes here and there to do the daily missions and maintain my arena rank. One thing about this game (like many “free to play” with in app purchases) is that you will hit a point where you’ve done really everything you can until energy or daily cooldown refreshes occur. So on the one hand you can’t just sit down and play this game for hours and hours straight (unless you want to pay for the extra crystals to instantly refresh the cooldowns), but on the other hand I think this keeps a lot of players from burning out on the game too quickly.   So for anyone that’s never played it and is thinking about trying it out, this is my advice: be prepared to spend several months to a year at minimum playing everyday to do your daily quests and farming characters before you can be pvp competitive or have some really powerful characters and teams.   As far as a daily time commitment that honestly doesn’t take that long. You can easily do all of the daily quests in 30 minutes or less in one sitting. Though I usually space them out some over the course of the day myself.   I’ve had a lot of fun building my and customizing my teams and enjoy talking to my guild mates about the game or really just anything in general. The core group of the guild I’m in have been together for about a year and we’ve even made a shivtr website just to chat and post memes and things to for fun outside of the game itself.   So the amount of enjoyment you can get just depends on what you’re interested in putting in to it. The game definitely incentivizes paying to unlock or boost characters faster but it’s certainly doable without spending a cent (but obviously will take longer).   I also do have to give the game devs credit for being on the ball about bugs and server crashes. Complete server crashes don’t happen often but sometimes the server may go down and the game cannot be launched. When this does happen and it’s back up and running (usually 20 minutes or less) they almost always send the players “apologies for the inconvenience” packages of free crystals and in game currency for not being able to access the game during those times. 
Best game ever and im already addictive
This is such an awesome game, it’s really addicting. I absolutely love it.
Activity scales based on interest.
Great Game, but very addictive........every trick in the book to try an get you to spend money, but you can play free if you don’t get impatient, try and get in a good guild............
This is the only game on the phone that I have played every single day for more than a year. Is definitely one of the best games that you can have on the phone it’s a lot of grinding and farming every day where long-term strategy and foresight pays off
It's a turn based team building Star Wars themed community based guild war having raid smashing good time. It takes patience but the possibilities are endless. I hope they continue to bring out good content and making the most of the Star Wars universe.
It’s a really good game for Star Wars fans 
This game is the bees knees ! I have been playing for two years now and have met some great people .
This game is one of the best mobile games I’ve ever played. It’s so well put together and you can access the entire game without having to pay a cent. There’s hundreds of characters to unlock, all with there own abilities. I’ve been playing for 6 months now and I still have plenty to play for and do in the game. All around amazing game, they really did a great job with this.
Love the play lotta fun
This is one of the best Star Wars mobile games ever.
Great game. If you like star wars you’ll definitely enjoy this game. u have so much freedom right from the start. It’s a game that tactical players will love.
Wow! This game was great to from when I started it to the end! Great job on making this awesome game. This was seriously the best Star Wars mobile game that I’ve seen. The graphics are amazing and the gameplay is awesome, along with the challenge of playing. I truly love this game and am wishing good luck on making new games.
Awesome game. Ty Star Wars game makers keep them coming.
It is a really good Star Wars RPG
Sure, there are certainly ‘pay to play’ elements, but I’ve gotten to level 30 with no paying at all. It’s a super fun game that actually gets pretty easy if you get really good. There are challenges that allow you to get better characters, and I actually just really enjoy it. Definitely get if you’re a Star Wars fan!
Ads for this game were playing full volume even when on silent mode.
Game WAS fun when it first came out.  NOW you can easily see that ea and Disney are just in it for as much money as they can get.  All the problems are NEVER addressed by the developers.  When a lvl 85 fully maxed team can beat a lvl 80 weak team only 1 of 5-10 tries you know the game is messed up. Would never recommend this or any other ea or Disney product.
I LOVE IT 😍 I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF STAR WARS!
I love that you can get and play with anyone from Star Wars and it’s free I love it
A lot of people exaggerate when they say this, but I’m not. This is literally the BEST GAME EVER!!! The battles have amazing Star Wars music and just submerges you int the galaxy far far away. I would highly recommend playing it! Also, it can be completely finished for free, but it does offer in-app purchases. Great game, I highly recommend playing!!
This game is nearly impossible to be good at. When there events you have to spend hundreds of dollars just to apply then you can’t even when them. Please try to make this game fair.
Great!
Kkskskkskskkkkkskskkskskkskkkkkkskksksksksks
The game is too pay to win and if you do save up enough crystals to bay a pack you rarely ever get a character from it
I’ve played this game consistently since its debut in November 2015, which at the time of this review means that I’ve been an active player for over two years.  The developer, Capital Games, clearly cares about the content of their game and it’s accessibility for players, even those who choose not to pay for content (or who cannot afford to, like myself). There have been a few bumps on the road so far, but the result has overall been an immensely enjoyable mobile game with a great community. I am a highly competitive player, a member of Dark Łords, one of the top guilds, and I am amazed at the depth and longevity this game provides while requiring only a very reasonable time investment.   • If you are at all a fan of Star Wars—get this game; there’s no reason not to.  • If you enjoy collection games, PvP competition, guild communities, and/or PvE challenges—you’ll find all of that here.  • If you’re worried you will hit a pay wall—you won’t. All content is easily available for active players who have good resource management. Content can, however, be unlocked at a faster pace if one chooses to pay for it, though I will reiterate that this is optional, even for top-tier competitive players.   • If you are worried that this game may demand too much time, know that you can be an active, competitive player while only checking the game ~3 times a day. The approximate minimum daily time commitment for a player without a guild is as little as 5 minutes, and with a guild, only about 30-45 minutes. And if you have time to play more—there’s always something enjoyable to do.  • If you’re wary that you might get bored or run out of content—you won’t. Capital Games releases new content at a very reasonable pace. There’s always something to build towards and the rewards are enjoyable (you’ll have a use for almost every single character you unlock). Have the expectation of steady progress and you’ll find that you’ll advance in the game at just the right pace: quick enough to always be gaining ground and slowly enough to make the reward of finishing a character or full team a true accomplishment.  If you decide to give this game a try, reach out to the community on the game’s forums for good beginner advice. There’s a lot there that will give you a leg-up on the competition.   Have fun and may the force be with you. 
More space battles Lightsaber duels 
This game is fun until you actually need items and shards to progress. The system is set up to basically give you the minimum of whatever it is you are going for whether that be money, guild coin, shards or mods. Be prepared to try a thousand times to get one thing and waste all energy to possibly not get what you need. Character progression is waaaaay too slow. Character acquisition is also waaaay to slow. Lottery system for shards in stores is rigged to never give you anything more than the minimum of what you could possibly get, I.E if you have a chance for 5-330 shards you are NEVER going to get more than 10 average is 7. DONT PAY FOR ANYTHING IN THIS GAME!!!! Everything in this game is extremely overpriced. I would rate 5* if the fixed the lottery system for paid items and items purchased with shards and made the odds normal for character acquisition and progression.
I don’t mind this game. In reference to old school characters, the game is getting a little better, but there is still no old school Chewbacca. The character/ship that really surprises me is The Millennium Falcon. The Millennium Falcon in the game is piloted by Rey and Finn, but the Millennium Falcon was famously piloted by Han Solo and Chewbacca. Also, currently you guys are adding all of these side characters that are not significant.
It is so gooooooooood!!!!!!!!
Early on this game is great. You will make it through the first 3 stages of both dark and light side without too much issue. After that the grind begins. You must collect shards to unlock characters. Your favorites will cost anywhere between 65 and 125 shards and you only get 1 shard at a time through normal game play. Of course if you want you can buy data card packs which give you shards for characters. It will tell you that you can get a random number of shards from 1 to 300. Every time I have broken down and purchased a pack I have sworn never to do so again. $9.99 for 3 shards of a character that requires 80 to unlock 😤. Another time it was $9.99 and I got lucky and got 5 shards. Not worth it. This game goes from good to greedy and is a shameless money grab for the content you actually get. I recommend staying away from this one unless you have money to waste.
Never before has a mobile game captured my attention for such a long period of time.  Like all service based products, this game is not immune to occasional development missteps but it always keeps the playerbase coming back. Robust guild functionality based upon a community of up to 50 players working together towards common goals takes this title to another level.  In short, a constantly improving mobile masterpiece.  A must play.
I have been playing since the middle of 2017 and I am Lv 85 with a LOT of toons. And like 10 or so 7* anyway yeah it's an awesome game and I love playing it my favorite part is TW (even though my guild hates it) it's just like Chess what's not to love?! I would love to see more bounty hunters in the game though and possibly a Darth Vader rework
Its a good game don't get me wrong, however, its not fair play if others just spend their money to get the data cards for the characters. When Training Rey came out it seemed like everyone in Arena had her already and was number one. You may say "oh they had their characters already at 7 stars", but that's not the case. I think there should be two servers: one for F2P, one for P2P.
Very fun game needs little changes like energy recharges a little faster and gameplay was a little more fair
Do not buy any crystals from this game. People have been able to glitch the game to get the chimera ship without meeting the in game requirements.  Buyers be aware! Do not spend any money as people who don’t spend money are able to glitch the game. There is proof in the forums and reddit. You have been forewarned.
This app is just that, OK. It’s not so much fun and quite confusing to me. I look for so many Star Wars apps because I LOVE Star Wars, but I still haven’t found one that is very good. I don’t recommend this app.
I think that it is one of the best games ever but I want some ground vehicles for land battles like AT-ATs that are unlocked with the imperial walker pilot and AT-STs unlocked with the imperial scout and rebel tanks with the rebel tank pilot
I really am a big fan of Star Wars I have watched every single move of them my favorite was the force awakens even we’re off topic.star wars has many good graphics and many good looking characters that look like 99% real I would say I love the new update get a free kylo ren I really like that it shows that there putting effort in there games I see. There are some bad parts too the cards are way expensive just 2 jedis we need more than 2 jedis for 15$ we need atleast 5 and 500k coins and 1k Crystals which will be better if u guys can do more rare give away plz do, anyway that’s how much the card should be or if u can make a movie pack for 50$ with at the important characters in the movie now that’s worth it at least 20 will for sure worth that money 💰 I would recommend anyone this game it is like one of the sickest Star war games, well I like Star Wars commander too.I love Star Wars a lot so if u can please make the money packs worth it plz do.  Your truly fan 
You can’t advance unless you pay and easily spend 100’s of dollars.  If you are willing to spend money, you’re better off buying a PS4 or XBox.  It’s cheaper that way and you are not stuck playing the same game and fight the same way over and over again.  CASH GRAB BEWARE!
My account was demented and when I requested to get it recovered, I was told I couldn't get help with it
😎
It’s a Star Wars kid friendly game most people can enjoy!
This is BS, last game of Lvl 4 Tatooine boss spawns 2 times after being killed with 1/3 life? Here’s 3 stars for you.
Okay I’ve been playing this since the week it came out. I used to be on top in all the arenas, but now that I’m not willing to spend $99.99 on an upgrade pack for a character, I’ve plummeted. I don’t know who they think has that kind of money to shell out on a mobile game to upgrade ONE CHARACTER, but  I used to not be able to put this game down, and now I hardly play because I’m so behind and I’m not paying to catch up.
It’s Star Wars. You will either love or hate. I played it for a long time and I spent money on it, which looking back now I regret. Why? Well I stopped playing the game for a long while and deleted it.  I re downloaded it and ALL MY DATA WAS GONE. I had to restart, and of course I’m not about to do that especially when I spent real money in the game.   The gameplay itself is fun, I loved having characters like Ahsoka( my personal favorite ) and collecting the shards for Vader. It was something nice to pass by time or if you don’t have any other Star Wars games.  Just a word of advice don’t let the money ruin it for you like it did me. I spent more than I should have and the company stole all my progress, I’m assuming because I deleted the app and was inactive for so long? 
I love this game!!!
I might be bias because I’m such a big fan of Star Wars. But the graphics are great and they bring in even the generic characters like Jawas and Ughnuts! So great!🤓😄
Best game ever!!! I love that it has strategy.
$$$
I really like this game! You can get all your favorite characters on a team to fight for good or bad. If you are a Star Wars nerd, and you like battle games, this is the one for you!
Terrible game. Poorly designed. Just a loot box fiesta to try to get you to spend money.
Great games strongly recommend u download it.
I just got tired of getting hounded to write a review
I really enjoy this game. If you play with a mindset and realistic expectations of a long grind, it is very fun.  If you want everything fast, you will feel a lot of pressure. 
To spend money or to quit. No f2p here. Endless farming with horrible drop rates.
this game is one of the best starwars mobile games i have played
This like one of the greatest games I’ve played
Star Wars 🤫
It’s fun but all the cool characters/ships are behind a huge paywall or a monthly long grind. Not to mention how fast energy goes, one energy is a 5 min wait, and it’s a ton of energy per level. Everything can be unlocked with crystals, which you have to pay to get a lot. And almost every character that’s worth it takes about 50-330 shards. And it’s kinda ridiculous that you can’t use ships until you’re level 60! And just basic things that you should be able to do in the beginning. And ability materials are a pain to farm. Money runs out quickly, crystals are annoying. But it has great gameplay, design and strategy planning and team building.
Don’t know if you ever had anything to say about this game but I am not going to be able to play.
It’s an EA game, of course it’s pay to win.
The game is very fun and awesome😍😍😍😍!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great game, I'm a big star wars fan. It's nice to have a star wars game that you can play on your phone, if you’re starting out, it takes a while to level up.
My name is Luke so I quickly got attached to Star Wars with my two favorite things combined.people made the greatest game ever if you were looking to buy this game get it it’s worth it.
The meta constantly shifts by design and is strongly biased toward pay toons, so there’s no way to stay competitive without an endless grind or shelling out endless cash for next to nothing. UPDATE: this is the game where EA perfected the cash cow game model of legendary toons behind a paywall/ loot box progression that so enraged Battlefront II players. It\'s depressing to see the love of Star Wars fans so ruthlessly monetized, and even more so to be duped by it youself.      But in this case there is no forum for outrage, because it\'s a \"free\" game, and all is Working As Intended. The psychology is indeed like gambling, and you can literally pay tens of thousands of dollars and still not get the toons you\'re after and/or the gear they need to be usable. TLDR: when this game has you at the point where you want to get out your credit card to buy the X needed to get Y before Z (currently - $99 Phoenix squad character shard pack and $89 Rebels ship pack needed to get General Thrawn and Chimaera before the 7-day \"extremely rare\" special event expires), consider uninstalling instead.   As someone who played for years and stayed in the top 10% of rosters, I assure you that $188 will be a drop in the bucket, and you\'ll be even more tempted to throw good money after bad the next time X Y & Z pop up. Oh and it will, regularly...that\'s how they getcha.   Not to mention that the packs above won\'t be enough to get the Thrawn toon or ship at 7*, rendering both more or less unusable. Nope, you\'d need to buy tons more stuff to star and gear and level and mod the Phoenix squad properly before the event ends, this time via the random loot crystal packs. Boom, it\'s $500 later and you still don\'t have what you need. Do you have the strength to not let that happen, or if you did, to walk away at that point? If no to either, maybe just don\'t even start. You have better odds playing craps in Vegas, and at least they give you free drinks. 
This game works cause of the abundance of Star Wars characters but that's really all it's got going for it, because as with any EA game they make advancing characters and being able to unlock things impossible unless you pay them tons of money by using the stupid micro transactions. Other similar games balance that well but this ones doesn't. They need to fix that stat
Ex Citing 
I’ve been level 85 for over a year and I have nothing else to do and I feel like I’m just wasting my time in the game because you can’t achieve anything after that. Honestly once you get there it’s a complete waste of time.
Good game
I have been a gamer for the better part of 30 years... when I started looking for another outlet from the games I grew up with I started playing games on my phone. In the last 5+ years I have played hundreds of different games but always seem 2 loose interest...then I tried galaxy of heroes at a friends request--- I have played this game everyday solid for over 2 years    True I am a Star Wars fan but the makers of this game really have outdone themselves.  The game is challenging and time consuming, but the rewards are worth the time.  I 100% would recommend this game to anyone because it truly is like no other....this is the best game I have ever played on computer or phone.  And you do not have to spend a fortune on it 2 be good at it.  I don't spend money and am a top player in the game.... lol but if u can spend money by all means!!'   Go for it!!!!   This is a game u will never dull in playing and they constantly are improving it because they listen 2 the players!!!!
This game use to be fun until EA made teams made up entirely of Phoenix characters overpowered. Look at the top 50 people in squad battles. At least 40 of the top 50 people use only Phoenix squad teams. Takes a lot of fun out of the game when you make one squad a lot better than all of the other ones.
Not nearly as good as MARVEL Future Fight and to have any kind of success you must pay. You can play for free but it takes WAY TOO LONG to unlock special heroes and vehicles. I was playing for two years and none of my characters were fully maxed out...and I was trying. I logged in every day and was in a guild that was fairly active. RIDICULOUS!!!
I love this game. I don’t ever want to put my phone down for the rest of my life.             #BEST GAME EVER 
This game has THE WORST developers I have ever seen! They are totally INCOMPETENT! I am done giving money to this game. Period. EA has let this Star Wars game go to complete crap. Without its title nobody would be playing this game because nobody would want to pay the money. And you WILL be paying or you won\'t play for very long because they give very little that replenishes at the slowest rate i have ever seen from a game. They also give little credits to work and EVERYTHING costs credits, including arming your mods (are you kidding me?!?!). Tons of achievements to accomplish but there is no point because they don\'t really give you anything that is worth it. Mods are a complete joke because the computer will always be stacked against you, its another ploy to spend more money.  Everything these programmers put out usually is so far out of wack that they continually adjust it for the next month, so that character you worked so hard for gets nerfed and totally irrelevant in the next month.  FIGURE IT OUT BEFORE YOU RELEASE IT!
I love this game
Fun and not costing anything so far.  Two thumbs up.
I enjoy this game very much. The end.
Really fun, no lag, great game but hard to get to higher levels once you get to the high 40s
I've dumped more money into this game than I have for any app based game combined, but the game is amazing. However I wish it wasn't so expensive to upgrade.  UPDATE.. haven’t spent money in months and game is still great. Only complaint is they need to make the more desirable characters easier to farm. I’m tired of seeing the same old toons that I have no desire to farm in the various stores 
I updated to a new phone and lost all my progress. I have spent quite a bit of money on purchases and to lose it all just like that is not cool.  I’ve tried to contact EA but have not received any help.
If you like whales buying all the top toons and then using them against you so you can never really get ahead then this Disney and EA game with s for you. For get playing a Sith because rebels and resistance rule they day no matter how much you complain or point out the problems with the synergy that the rebels have. Nothing says Star Wars like Palpatine fighting with Luke skywalker right?!? There is no dark side vs light side anymore. It’s all green, money that is.  If the whales want super toons they get super toons. You can even have five different Han Solos on a single team.
This used to be my FAVORITE game on a mobile platform. I’ve been playing this game since it hit iOS. In the beginning it’s was a blast! It wasn’t hard to level, you didn’t need to spend money, all you had to do was put work into it. Now, unless you spend ridiculous amounts of money, you miss huge portions of the game.  Look I get it, it’s free, pay to play is a way to make money. However, the ever changing format makes it ever clear that there is some textbook money gouging going. Very disappointing. Please fix this!
Loving the game EA
For only $4.95 you can buy a loot box and if you're lucky it will unlock the expanded 5 Star Review (chances 1 out of 10,000). Or if you really want to feel that pride from the sense of your accomplishments grind for 40 hours and you'll get upgrade to a 2 star review. Double and repeat to get all 5 stars and feel that accomplishment! Best of luck EA.
The game advertises even though I already own it.
It’s a good game with a lot of action, the only issue is how expensive all of this stuff is. If they just lower the prices a little and the amount required to get s new character it would be better. Other than that great game
The game is awesome, but it is like what most people who have the game have been saying a play 2 win game and without buying anything it takes a long time to get maxed. In fact I have been playing for nearly two months and I am only at level 53 and I am not allowed to buy any in app purchases because my dad hates games that are pay to win. But other than that, it’s an awesome turn based strategy game. Just it takes a while to get maxed. At the rate I am leveling up, it may takes me a few more months to be top in my guild, I can’t even do territory wars until I am at level 65!
Things I hate about this game: 3) Finding the right unique gear and mods assigned to your characters is left up to chance. It’s very frustrating to same level 10 times only to get 1 piece of equipment that your character can use (especially when he/she needs 20-50 of them).  2) It’s a pretty much a ‘pay for play’ or ‘keep playing for at least a year to finally get what you want’ game. Yeah you can get what you need for free but it’ll take forever (especially with the reward system being based on luck and you don’t have access to everything all the time) and you’ll miss out on several events that require certain characters at certain levels. So you can watch all the other players that were at your level advance further than you because you couldn’t participate and had to miss out on the rewards because you didn’t pay $40 to get a Captain Solo at lvl 5 (or whatever).  1) Gameplay is regulated! That’s what I hate the most! You’re only allowed 5 arena battles, 5 Fleet battles (once you’ve achieved lvl 60 to be allowed to use ships), 5 Raid attempts, 1 Galactic War Campaign, a few other daily challenges, and you’re only allocated enough energy (in-game currency for playtime) for about one hour of story levels per day. I’m familiar with a handful of limited daily challenges and bonus tasks in most other games, but that shouldn’t be how the ENTIRE game operates. If I want to play for several hours on the weekend or after work, I should be allowed to do so. If I wanted someone to tell me ‘ok you can play for ONE hour and that’s all for today”, I’d have moved back in with my parents. Very few other games do that, so it’s a shame that this one does.  Now on to what I love about this game:  3) There’s a bit of strategy involved. It isn’t just another ‘shoot at whatever moves or the first thing you see’ game (well it is once you’ve mastered everything then all challenge is lost). But before that, when you start a battle you make a plan and have to adjust as it progresses and I like games that have a bit of a challenge.  2) There are a good number of playable characters from almost every Star Wars era (of the movies and TV series). And there are even sub-groups of minor characters and less infamous groups too. It isn’t everyday that a game will let you play as Jawas, Ewoks, Nightsisters, Hoth Troopers, Jedi/Sith that have only shown up once or twice, etc.   1) You can customize your teams. I always love games that will give you plenty of options to create your team of characters and ships and make the game your own. (Too bad that also comes with people copying each other as I look and see that 35 out of the 50 top arena squads are all the same Phoenix Squadron. It’s a pity that competitiveness will often trump originality. Oh well).  That’s my two cents. Hope it was helpful! 
Pretty fun game to play in your spare time.
I just reached level 50, and was very excited to start with the mod battles! As soon as I leveled up I clicked mod battles and it said it was locked until I reached level 50 🤔 🤷🏼‍♀️
Great game for the first few levels but it is hard to win if you don’t pay money. In the arena it always gives you someone better than you so you have a hard time winning.
Go ahead, be a tool, spend $100 on their BS "Ultimate Bundle" 😂 Pathetic that games charge this kind of money for something that doesn't have any real world application. Go out, take that hundred dollars, and go spend it on something tangible, something you can ACTUALLY use. Put it into a college fund, do something with your money that actually matters instead of wasting it on something that means (and is worth) LITERALLY NOTHING.
Addictive in game purchases needed to be competitive.
The game is fun to start, but the further you advance, the more problems there are until it becomes almost impossible to play!  Forget about ship battles...it crashes 90 percent of the time.  Advance to level 60...Cantina battles and daily challenge battles crash.  Advance to level 70...any battles crash 50 percent of the time, and you can forget about ever being to \"enjoy\" ship battles...you guessed it...crash!  I am running an iPad with 28 gig of available memory and have about the best internet connection available.  I have contacted EA numerous times about this problem...never received a single response.  If you play, be aware before spending a lot of money...this game is riddled with bugs.
Lots of paywalls but with patience you can still be ftp and do well. Been playing since launch and still hooked.
Already addicted to it. 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I can’t believe how long I’ve been playing Galaxy of Heroes for, being a mobile game which I play almost all the time it goes with me everywhere. I just love this game it’s deep RPG system and mechanics interwoven with the shard system and ships OMG don’t get me started! All in all a wonderful game that has me coming back each day with memories of my favorite franchise.
Plz add Jango Fett! Plz plz plz plz! And the inquisitor. Otherwise, Great game!
Awesome game
Good game, worth every second played.
^^^^^^^^^
I love this game.
Not much to see here really. Not that fun. Repetitive. Good time waster. Looks nice.
I love this game however I wish it wasn’t so difficult to get other players
I’ve been playing this game since it was released. The game started out great, but very rapidly turned into the “pay to win” type. If you are not prepared to spend money, don’t bother. You will get some characters sure, but you will never be able to compete with the people that pay to win. I am max level, have some of what were the best characters in the game, & I cannot even compete because you have to spend money to get the newest characters, whom are ALL better than what you will have. My recommendation, play the game to max level, never spend a dime, then drop it.
I can’t tell you how much I enjoy this game and I’m glad it’s grown over the years
Free play is ok but you need to pay to play to get anything accomplished. They make it impossible to win anything once you get to level 60. You face people who have the same characters with way less power and they somehow beat you
It’s sooooooooo awesome it just needs a few tweaks but other then that it’s awesome
The game started out real fun, over the last two years it has become painfully clear EA and Capitol Gaming are all about profits and catering to the few who sink thousands into their trap of a game. I would have quit if I could get a refund.
This game is so much fun
This game is awesome
Game is fun but it’s severely skewed for those who pay to win, I get it it’s about profits, but you have to invest at least a year before your even viable compared to people who pay. So as an experiment I bought some packs multiple times and all 9 times I got the minimum. I even took screen shots to prove it. It’s further proof that EA is the most corrupt company in existence and they don’t have a legit RNG in place. They have ruined the Star Wars franchise in gaming....look at battle front 2
I love this game more than anything I’ve ever played on the iPhone!
I stopped playing after 4 months into the game as there was literally nothing left to do at that point. 2 years later I come back, there is 5x as much content, they removed a lot of the useless and redundant characters, and added tons of new events to do. Now for the bad. Number one issue I have right now is that 80% of the Jedi are garbage compared to sith and dark side characters in general. Underpowered, lower heath, lack of aoe damage and lower damage in general. They need a rebuild so they stay current and fun like how they fixed many dark side characters for better rebuffs and dmg. The only other issue I see that is the same as when the game first came out is galactic war. You WILL run into players who are 10-20 levels higher than you hurting your ability to get credits to level up all your hero’s. If you have 5-6 days in a row where you can’t progress past first few stages in GW you may get discouraged, then stop playing. It seems to be one of the biggest complaints for old and new players alike. Data card packs are WORTH buying as long as you get the biggest multi pack as I’ve got them multiple times and gotten at most FOUR full characters at once. Spending money is up to you but I do recommend yo7 get the cheap starter packs as all the characters included help all the way to endgame as well have use in events. They are only 5-6$ each and help support EA in the only Star Wars game they made that honestly isn’t garbage like battlefront games lol. Oh and KOTOR on iPad was done by aspyr not EA which is a EPIC game and worth the 8$.
10/10 would recommend to anyone👍🏻
It’s a great game for all star wars fans.
Gotta grind or pay
The grind is very real. You’ll need to ace special events in order to earn special characters ONLY available during those special events and in turn, use THOSE characters to earn even rarer characters in special events of their own, down the line. Don’t play if your focus is easily swayed. This game is REALLY good at tempting you to spend coin. I didn’t start spending money until after a year of playing, as I wanted to get used to the grind first. By that time, I was ok with spending a small amount of coin as I felt they’ve earned my business by that point. But do not underestimate what I’m saying: the grind is very real. Great game if you have the patience. Terrible game on your wallet if you don’t.
It was slowly addicting. I play everyday even when too busy. I find to time to log in. I’ve enjoyed it. Get your mind off the everyday grind.
Fun game, but to be competitive you're going to have to spend money.
You advertise in game several times that at level 8 you get Kylo ren. I’m at level 10 and still haven’t gotten kylo ren. If you’re going to advertise then you need to live up to it...ridiculous.
Been playing for a couple of years now really enjoy collecting the characters, however I would love to see the roster expanded maybe include some characters from the novels and comics? Also there is a few things that are unfair about that pay to win aspect. Certain characters are absolutely impossible to get however due to the need of ether having to be part of a guild or paying to get the gems to get them. Other than that wonderful game and would really like to see more characters! Great work!
Update the sim algorithm u spend money on crystals and still get robbed farming shards and gear makes me want to not spend money
I love the first order team on this game hoping to see snoke or a updated captain phasma
Awesome rpg
Very fun
Fun but...... yea. Pay to win, super difficult if you don’t, especially ship battles losing all its fun
Overall I love the game and love playing yet! However there are some bags and when there’s a problem or you lose credits or if a server goes down while you’re playing a game and you then sign back in all your progress has been lost. I’ve contacted their IT support and no one has gotten back to me with all of the issues I’ve had and that’s probably my biggest complaint but overall I love the game
The game is poorly balanced even if you pay to win. I like these style of games but this one simply lacks the any sense of completion. That’s saying something considering how old it is. Great job on the Money grab EA, you got me.    Lesson learned.
Been playing over 3 years and I'm still addicted! Great game and won't get old after a week or two and because of how long I've been playing I don't regret the little bit of money I've put into it
Fun game. Enjoy collecting the characters!
Greatest Star Wars game ever created
Try it.
During battles, the game will black screen, causing you to close out the app, losing the energy and the match.  Frustrating.
⛔️PLEASE READ!!!!!⛔️  I played this game from release up until a few months after they added ships.  I played religiously.  Lol.  I spent between $50-$100 a month on it and sometimes more if I was after something specific.  It rewards loyalty and dedication with a cold and stingy amount of loot.  I’d sometimes spend complete energy amounts, refill and do this 4-5 times on a single mission trying to farm a character’s shards and no kidding only get about 3-5.  To make it worse, you’re only allowed to try for a character’s shards 3 times a day on a “hard” mission so it costs more energy.  PLUS, it cost premium currency to buy an extra 3 tries and after each purchase the cost goes up.  By then you need to spend premium currency to refill your energy and premium currency to buy another 3 tries.  For a measly 3-5 shards on a character requiring upwards of 80 in order for the character to even BEGIN to be useful.  Then you gotta repeat the process to get the items required to level them up further.  But it gets even better!!!  They added these mod chips you can farm for which again is the same process.  Money money money...if you want to be able to beat an event.  The mod chips were cool I guess because it allows you to have duplicate characters fight with completely different stats.  My Anakin will be different than yours.  If you think it stops there, you’d be wrong.  Those mod chips?  Well they each have multiple slots to fill with items that, you guessed it...require more money, time, patience and luck (I guess).  Plus, not many people know this but battles are predetermined.  Meaning if you play a round and use your characters in whatever order, take note of who got criticals and how much damage they gave and received and let’s say you’re about to lose.  You can restart before the actual loss, everyone’s health goes back to where it was but you’ll give and receive the exact amount of damage meaning you were never meant to win.  I’ve tested this up to 10 times on a single round with multiple different rounds.  Results are the same everytime.  Then there’s the rare events that promise rewards you’ll never be able to receive because you will never beat them.  To be fair this is only with a select few that require specific teams.  Usually the most unpopular teams so they ensure that people will start farming to max out characters they might have but are NEVER used and are therefore useless in battle.  My best team was a team of clones with Anakin leading paired with young Ashoka (who gains a buff if Anakin is present).  It was a beefy team with high damage output, fair to outstanding healing, great defense, anti negative buff protection.  It was all there.  Took months to build and costed easily $200-$300 worth of buying card packs and farming.  Does fine against other people’s teams but against the computer?!?  Well let’s just say it pulled off 1 in a million attacks hitting back to back crits and giving characters extra turns that shouldn’t have occurred.  Like a single character getting 5 attacks on a single turn not just once or twice.  Then you had the issue where your attack did 0 damage on a character who didn’t dodge.  Or your character would take full damage when it dodged.  I could go on and on but it was my love of Star Wars that EA preyed upon that kept me coming back.  A glutton for punishment.  I finally just stopped playing after having enough of EA’s nonsense and greed.  I spent so much money on it though so I can’t get myself to delete it.  However, the game’s icon goes untouched on my handheld device of addiction.  There’s a gem of a game buried deep within the confines of EA’s gold mine here but I’m afraid the company values quantity over quality.  So that gem will continue luring fans who hold Star Wars in their hearts into an empty promise of shattered dreams.  So be careful...”It’s a trap!!!” 
I wish is was easier to get more characters and level up but it’s the work that makes it fun and also I love Star Wars so that’s a plus
So I forgot to change my name in the begging of the game and now it’s stuck as the preset name and I don’t have the option to change it
I’ve playing this game since launch and can’t say enough good stuff about it. It’s had some issues in the past but overall very fun to play.
I thought this was a cool game there’s a lot of characters but I wish they haven’t put money to buy crystals and more.
This is one of the best mobile Star Wars games in a long time
I got the game about a month or so ago, and I’ve progressed well without spending a dime, but with the new “first order executioner” I’ve been losing multiple battles. I decided to cough up $9.99 to get a chance to get between 5-330 shards. I opened the card up and guess what I got, 7 shards! This did not help one bit, and judging from other statistics, the shard cards are rigged to give you less than 50 at most. Don’t spend any money for the shards, or any in general, you progress quick in the game and you shouldn’t have to spend money.
This game is great I don't really have much to say about it but one thing is most people got a 4 star Kylo Ren but I didn't and I don't already have one that's my only complaint.
Decent game. Does item mall but game is playable without it.
I find that having to gain at least 350 crystals to gain a chance at ONE character I feel is quite dumb.
I really enjoy this game and admittedly have spent a little mulla on it but for now on I’m F2P because EA is getting super greedy....
I have been playing since December 2016 and have yet to see EA/Capital Games (more like Capital Gains) focus on balancing character synergies for all of their existing characters. They are more focused on releasing new characters with synergies that are mind-numbingly stupid. I understand you’re out to make a profit – but that can’t be the only reason you’re making a video game.  As a player, your money will not go very far in Galaxy of Heroes. Paying to max out a single character’s star level will easily cost you $200 USD. And that’s only for their stars! You still need to max out their abilities and gear levels, too. With that kind of money you could buy several brand new games for Xbox, PlayStation or PC. Yet, somehow, “free to play” mobile games end up being the most expensive games on the market.  Shame on EA, CG and Disney for being as greedy and selfish as they are. A ton of characters need to be reworked (Jawas and Jedi come to mind) but they get overlooked in favor of new characters with “new” synergies. For making over $150 million last year you guys sure know how to take your sweet time making balance changes.... 
I have Po Damian and my two sisters Zoe and Sabrina play we have fun. I love upgrading them. It’s just a really fun game and I really love it.
Don’t know why it’s so addictive! I love leveling up my favorite characters.
It’s a great game. Graphics are pretty good... store glitches though. I saved up 50 gems to refresh the store to get boba fett. Refreshed the store and he was gone from it. I’ve refreshed it before to try and do that, and I just wasted 50 gems because nothing happened. Please give me my 5 boba fett shards. My username is the title.
Very enjoyable game. Kudos.
I really like this game
Jk
Great game
I have a 6 Star Emperor level 10 and haven’t been able to get the event to upgrade my character .  Customer service told me there is nothing they can do .
Best game ever
I have a problem with updating the game
Awesome best game have to have it don’t hesitate get it
It’s really fun at first but obviously wants your money to get new characters and  to get gear later on
Hours of daily play. Lots of daily opportunity to earn every character for free. No need to spend a dime to unlock all aspects if you got lots of time. U can Spend money to advance faster. If I started over I would focus more on a few chars to make them more competitive at my player level.
Game is pretty good has had me hooked for a year
The game itself is fun. I play 2 accounts, and needed to have one account transferred onto my Android phone as it was only on my IPad. 3 emails and 3 phone calls later and it still wasn’t done. You would have thought I was trying to adopt a child with all their verification requirements. It’s a video game. I provided proof of purchases as well as all the codes.
This game is annoyingly addictive. The only game that does not try to force you to join Facebook or have a login password. I don’t know what guild is in the game. Do you play with other players or play against the game?
This game is really a tribute to your inner Star Wars geek.
Played this game for several months when it first released. Got tired of them buffing premium and new heroes heroes, while nerfing earned or older heroes.  Came back last month to see if anything had changed (Star Wars hype, you know how it is), sad to see they haven’t changed a bit. If you’re a whale and love Star Wars, then go for it. If you aren’t willing to lay down $100+ per month, then look elsewhere. 1/10 for being Star Wars. 
Love he game though can you add some last Jedi characters like rose or smoke and pertion guard.
I’ve been playing this game for a while. Not  bad but there could be more characters and challenges. Where’s jango fett? Pretty much all the clone wars/ attack of the clones characters except him. Kind of disappointing.
This is bomb!!💛💛💛
Overall a great game, but their guild versus guild feature is generating unfair pairings where the opposing team has substantially different roster power  (7M+ GP). What’s the point of having GvG if the battles can be won or lost simply in the pairing?  Needs to be a more fair.
Good game, but is a pay to win
Like ea’s many other titles, this one is frontloaded to make it seem as if there’s lots to do, then once you’re sucked in, they make it a nightmare unless you spend money. Don’t get it even if you like Star Wars
I use to love this game. Played it when it first came out. Sadly I deleted it a year or two ago and when I went to redownload it I’d lost my account somehow. It was great but not worth starting over for me.
I bought a five dollar crystal pack and got twelve shards for a garbage character.
Please make it so the enemies don’t have 3674749828 billion health! 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 I’m gonna sure you because I hit my iPads screen give me 10000000000000000000000000000 ingame credits and All characters! 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬😡🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡😡😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬🤬😡🤬😡😡🤬😡😡🤬🤬😡🤬😡😡 give me it now or your gonna be DEAD! ☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪
I like their game but ads keep popping up it most all my games.Its pretty annoying and makes me want to delete the game. Beyond that I am not hating I am just saying to help the game.but I love the idea of the game and I like your game!!!👍🏻💩😎😁🌈🌮🦄👋💥🐢thx
Can you get rid of the whole energy thing? That’s what makes my not download a game...
I’ve been playing this game for quite a while now and it would be great if in a future update they could give us players an option to correct our age. Without this I am unable to chat or change my name
Great looking, fun to play, way too expensive to pay to play, way too slow to play for free. Lots of gameplay, very in-depth, but very little value for the money and NO JEDI LUKE SKYWALKER! Also, the Jedi are weak (Rey with a stick does more damage than any Jedi).
Love it
Perfect game to pass time. However, fair warning: it can become quite addicting. The game runs very smooth and has little to no problems. SUPER enjoyable but, NEEDS MORE CHARACTERS! Now don’t get me wrong, there are already a HUGE amount of characters in this game. But characters like Jango Fett or fan favorites like Revan need to be added. The game is perfect already but adding in more characters like that will expand the Star Wars lore and make the game much more enjoyable!
I think people expect too much from a free game. I haven't spent a cent and I can play for hours non stop!
Great game and fun. Graphics are impressive and many variations in strategy to choose from. The only downside is the limitations the game sets. These limitations control how much you can play unless you spend money.
No need for long review.  Have your wallet out and be prepared to spend 1000s if you want fun. Ea is no longer a good company.
Although it is a good game, the trailers for it are total clickbait. And with the pay to play(Like other EA games) it’s hard win many multiplayer battles when compared to people who payed money for the game. You might as well be playing clash royale with a lot of money to waste.
Played a bit back in the day. Redownloaded for new content. Good stuff
Best game IMO!
So I got this game in 2015 and I didn’t know how to play it.  You gotta spend a little bit of money here and there but overall it’s a great game.  I’m a level fifty something and number two thousand something in squad arena and I’m nothing special but it’s an amazing game.
I would rate it five stars if it was a little easier to unlock characters on the dark side
I love this game u get to create a team of light and a team of the dark side and man it’s awesome, no need to spend money and fun as hell! Thanks for creating a game like this guys, u can bet ima spend some money I want darth Vader and Ashoka tano as an adult 😎
After you’ve put money into the game then your game updates from the beginning and you lose everything and they cannot trace a single thing to that original account even with all of the proof from my purchase history from Apple.
This game is like playing with all my old Star Wars toys I lost as a kid.  But now they can move and fight like I always imagined!
This is the only mobile game I need and I've been playing since its first few months.  Then Fleet battles were added and guild raids and territory battles and I maxed out scavenger Rey and Admiral Ackbar as my favorites since I can't get BB8 and R2D2.  Oh yeah I love when a party clicks-- I lucked into all the ewoks in one event but my scoundrel team and dark side team surprised me with how well they syngerized despite my preference for Jedi and rebels.  One wish: please add Maz Kanata from Force Awakens. I imagine she would play as support like Hera Syndulla if not a turn controller like Ackbar.
Can’t stand ‘em. Though in a free to play game, it’s understandable. But ea just sets it to where you need it if you want to progress at all.
Best game and graphics and I’m a huge Star Wars fan
I’ve played quite a few F2P mobile games with predatory monetization and this is by far the nastiest. As a player for nearly two years and guild leader for a strong guild running all heroic raids, I feel it really means something when I say that I hate this game. The pay to win vibe to this game is particularly devious because, in reality, only players spending insane amounts of money (thousands of dollars) benefit much from their spending. In fact, these “whale” players fund so much of this game that the developers cater to them almost exclusively.  To highlight this point while exposing other major design flaws, I will detail the release of the Commander Luke Skywalker character. First, it took OVER TWO YEARS for them to release a Luke Skywalker with a lightsaber. That’s right, the main protagonist of the original films was basically absent for two plus years. Leading up to his release, CG withheld the requirements for unlocking Luke just long enough to ensure most players would fall short without impulse purchasing character packs ($40-90 bundles that PARTIALLY unlock and/or upgrade needed characters). The few players who dropped cash to make the deadline, or were fortunate enough to have the needed characters by that time gained an inordinate advantage with the new and powerful Luke. This single character was able to single-handedly clear a heroic raid (meant to be a guild effort) on Auto-play and was omnipresent on all leading arena teams. As with prior balancing issues, CG/EA refused to “nerf” Luke’s power for fear of upsetting all the big spenders that paid dearly to get him upon his release. Their balancing strategy continues to be one of releasing more overpowered characters and encouraging panic-spending to unlock them.  Yet, for me, the monetization is not the worst part. This game has become a chore. The gameplay is not fun or difficult yet every new content release gives us more daily chores to complete to stay competitive and more reason for guilds to boot players who don’t play multiple times a day. EA has and will continue to forego quality of life and balance updates in favor of releasing new content that is exciting for a week or two before becoming one more chore to log in and complete. I love my guild and still enjoy collecting Star Wars characters, but I am near my breaking point. Never have I felt so obligated to sink so much time into a game I actually hate. IF YOU HAVE AN ADDICTIVE PERSONALITY, AVOID THIS GAME LIKE THE PLAGUE. YOU WILL LIKELY LOSE LOTS OF TIME AND MONEY FOR NO GOOD REASON. 
This game is so much fun with all the characters even from the clone wars but I think it’s missing a clone commando. Also can we get an option to put helmets on certain characters.
Ok it’s a decent game its just..boring.I don’t know why but it is.also please give the fans what they want like a kotor update
Highly recommend
Awesome turn based game. It would be even better if there was a free roam rpg feel to it.
You don’t have to pay to be successful at this game. The most important thing is to join a good guild right from the start. Experienced players will tell you how to build your roster and grow.   I personally haven’t spent a dime and I’m top 50 in arena. You just won’t have as many characters as the pay to win characters. It’s still fun to play. 
I love that you can have certain synergies of rebels or sith. The problem is that the droids aren’t at there full potential. They don’t have that many people and they have no supports. I think they should import medical droid 2-1 B and they still haven’t added droidekas which I think are the coolest droid. You should also use tax-21 as a commander of some sort
Game crashes during multi-stage battles (Light / Dark) on older iPads. There's too many animations and background scenes so it runs out of memory.  Please fix. 
This is the most cool game ever.😄😃😃😃😀😁
PLEASEEEEEEE. Stop making the game so "one-sided"..... As we look in the top arena ranks week in and week out, what do you notice ?? ALL LIGHT SIDE CHARACTERS. There is no freedom to the game to build your own squad that actually stands a realistic chance.... I realize you're going to be biased towards CLS.... But why are Vader and Palpatine insignificant now ?? 😩 why is R2D2 much more valuable than the MF Emperor !!???  I just don't get it guys.... You've taken these lame Rogue One characters and (BB8).... And totally given them more value than the original Star Wars greats..... All I ask is for something a little more realistic. .... I love this game, spend money on it, and play it everyday.... But there's just one clear cut path to success. And it's getting (paying) the LIGHT SIDE characters that you all deem powerful. Some people enjoy the dark side of the Force! Why not let them achieve success with Dark Side characters??
This game is really fun and addicting
But where’s my free kylo ren? I got a message saying I’d get one but never did.
The ads make it look like it’s a big game but it only lets you do light side battles. And there is a big glitch. General Veers (a character that doesn’t even exist!) does 988474654446 damage
Sooooooo funn not just the light side it’s also the dark side
Hey this is a good app if you like Star Wars
My current favorite game.  More strength to the ewok characters please.  More chances at Wicket shards?
Okijiojjhhhggkjgnbvjgfkjhgjmyjgiuyuyigjhi
love it!
The game is ok, but there needs to be a feature where you can delete all of your progress
Went ahead and bought the 20 dollar crate of gems since character unlocking was going slow and support the game... then a little while after I get a pop up that I can buy 20 dollars worth and get 25% more free. So definitely won’t be buying anything else, feels like a kick in the groin
I’ve been playing since it’s release, try as I might I cannot play anything else! Great game that’s frequently updated with new characters we grew up with, I’m happy with this game!
Nice lil’ cheeky game, just downloaded it a few deezays ago and been playing every chance I get :o) . My lady hasn’t kicked me off of it yet for any reason as she likes the music so...giggity giggity GoO OooRiighT! 👍🏻
While it was great fun, recently I've started having major technical issues and no one I've contacted at EA has gotten back to me on anything. I tap the app to open it and it crashes immediately. I've been unable to access the game for 24 hours and it pisses me off.
The creators probably aren’t reading this but patch the nightsisters please and the challenges aren’t for players like me anymore I can’t unlock new characters from it anymore it used to be like if you strong enough you can unlock Kyle ryn unmasked it’s not the same it used to be a five star oh and can you raise the max lvl because there isn’t much to do right now for me
Love this game!
But I wish we can delete rid of accounts
Literally a dungeon boss clone
I love this game.
Lots of good qualities. Still enjoyable after months of gameplay.
Omg so fun and apropite!!
This game started out with a lot of promise to those free to play players. But soon as you level up the game becomes ultra competitive and only those who can spend hundreds of dollars can stay on top. And when you ever get to the higher rankings there are this in-game Mafia that controls who gets top rewards. Its another game within a game. Which is just ridiculous. Dont waste your time over this garbage.
The game plays well and is very fluid with aspects of most free to play mobile games. I like the addition of Legends characters like Hk47 and Darth Nihilus but missing some important characters and factions such as (even though hated) the Gungans and even Jango Fett. I would like to see revamped and even new characters added soon.
A fantastic and immersive rpg. Caution this game is dense and addicting.
I love the game but I have an offer for u I’ll give five stars if u give me bobo fett all the shards plz I love the game and plz add new characters I love the game five stars I approve 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️and there is no pay to play I’m highest level I have all characters and no 💰involved
To make a point, this game is free to play and you can most definitely play for free and have a blast. While coughing up some dough may be able to get you where you want to go faster, you have to be smart with what you buy. Content of the game is great and the game itself is very addicting. If you’re going to buy, stay away from gem packs that give 5-330 shards because 9.999/10 you’ll get 5. Would recommend to all my friends it’s very addicting. I’m currently max level and pretty well off and have only spent ~$75 on the game. 
Fun
Aaaaaaaaaagh!!!! also it’s a good game... I would advise getting it... loading is slow, but it’s still worth it
I really really like this game. I play it almost everyday and I’m almost to level 70. But I’ve spent about $10 overall in this game and I never felt like I got my money’s worth. Always like the minimum amount of guaranteed shards. Also where is Jango Fett? Can I ask that you guys also add a dark side anakin.
Great depth, simple gameplay, epic strategy, and constant updates and welcomed additions ensure that it never gets old.
Love the game. It’s has its ups and downs. But it’s a lot of fun. Just understand the nature of the beast: it’s a freemium game. You can play it 100% F2P; or you can pay. I’ve done both. Guilds are amazing, TB and TW are a lot of fun, and raids are becoming a joke, but still fun. Looking forward to new content.
The pay to play is strong with this one.
It is a great game for any Star Wars fan!! It lets you explore all characters and let's you strategize.
(Level 73) I play swgoh every day for a good amount of time and I’m a f2p player and have no problem not paying any money. Now In the long run when I start to hit level 75 and above, not using any money might become a issue to compete with other people who do put money into it. My incentive on every day play is to make my squad the best it can be, grind out resources and farm for new characters than will be useful.
Typical pay to play game... used to be great, But you can’t get anywhere anymore without throwing money at the game.
Get get get this app... you will enjoy it 😉
Top
Love it
When I saw this game I though meh so what, But now I can’t stop playing!
Very fun and a great draw in!!
Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes is a great game with a lot of detail into how many characters you can unlock. It appears to have the most characters out of any Star Wars game out there. It's very fun and easy to play. The only downside is it's hard to get 7* character cards which is the most powerful card in the game which is essential to get to be competitive in ranked. You have to put in months paying at least $20 a month to be somewhat competitive your basically paying a monthly subscription and payed users get a better experience. Over all it's a great game much detail goes into the design and there's always a new event and new characters. If your playing just to have fun and enjoy some Star Wars for about an hour this is a great game. If your trying to be competitive good luck because you have a lot of grinding and gems(in game currency) to spend. Will recommend at 5 stars due to the amount of characters and constant content updates. Just really hard to be competitive in ranked.
I love this game it gives me an opportunity to play a mobile Star Wars game
The game would be better if it was fair and didn’t involve real money but it’s EA so I’m just wasting my time
First, I gotta say the game itself has a good aspect, and I\'ve played this for a long time. You have multiple challenges, and you get new stuff nearly every day.  But, there are some problems I have to complain about. The prolonged loading time gets really annoying. Plus, once I get into the game, it lags way too much to the point that I just stopped playing. The game kept on crashing randomly, which made feel like I should just stop playing. The last problem is the level requirements needed to do some things. I don\'t know why, but the ship battles come at level 60, but the game gave me a preview of ship battles at level 32. If I can\'t do it for another 30 levels, then why show me now? However, the preview was good, despite the lag. I don\'t know if it is just my iPad, but the lag and stuff like that is a main reason of me not playing anymore.   Overall, this is a great game but has some issues to fix like every other game out there. 
Ive played almost two years over two accounts.  Top account sits short of 2m GP and runs a guild.  The only money ive spent is out of support for Capital Games.  Many in my guild are free to play, and many a youtube channel have FTP folks, and none complain like people do here about needing to spend.   Like most mobile games, SWGOH gives you many incentives to spend money, but it's up to you to show restraint.  A little patience and a lot of research (forums, youtube, various websites) will get you a LONG way.  If you save up for special gear or packs, check the forums for the best deals.  Once you have one or two solid teams together (with decent synergy), everything snowballs and you'll start collecting tons more characters faster and faster. Just stay focused on your goals.  There are some awesome subtleties to the game too.  The squad arena consists of a subgroup of players who started playing roughly the same time you did, and is where you climb ranks by fighting other players' teams.  This arena defines the meta game and constantly evolves in interesting ways.  Right now its heavily dominated by Commander Luke (whom is the target of all the outrage these days) but he's already starting to shift out of favor and may be supplanted in coming months.   There are plenty of activities to keep you occupied even at low levels: tiered raid system, tiered special events. Etc ... just be patient if you're new, set goals, and hang in there. 
No one wants to play a turn base. Stop being lazy and at least put effort in.
Fun and very addictive game but can u make a new dark side or light side legendary event that requires you to use dark side characters
I bought a crystal pack a while back and never got it. I thought I could get it by redeeming purchases but didn’t. Then I buy a dark side pack and I never got it. It said I paid for it so I was confused. I tried again and it charged me again and I still didn’t get the item. I’ve read things about this same problem and how they don’t do anything except tell you to get a refund for apple. Definitely a pay to win game except you pay for nothing.
It’s impossible to advance characters with the sad amount of credits offered. Credit Heist needs to be done at LEAST weekly.
Been playing for over two years now, fresh content added regularly and most bugs are have been worked out now.  If you are a mobile gamer, and hadn’t tried this game, you gotta give this one a try!!!
I love it🤠🤠🤠💩💩💩!!!!!!
So I had numerous pop ups in the app stating that if I become level 8 I’ll get a free 4 Star kylo ren. I did not get it. Other than that the games alright.
Is awesome
All in all the game is ok, but NO APP with in app purchases for expendable credits, or really even permanent characters, should EVER get 5 stars!!! The more you pay, the more fun the game is. That’s EAs model.   Short notice for events doesn’t give you time to prepare the necessary characters, which means you can’t participate, unless you pay...very frustrating. 
New event came out requires 5 stars to start event. The characters required the only way to have them at 5 stars would be use real money. Good job greedy EA. First time the game has done this. Will change review if they change it
ALL THE BEST STAR WARS NOISES!
This game is terrible. It’s pay to win and I can’t keep my base alive long enough to gather resources without someone attacking it and taking everything. Complete waste of time.
This game is so much fun! But...... I think you shouldn’t make upgrading characters cost so much. And it shouldn’t cost $20.00 just for half the shards for that character. But I still really like this game!
I had always loved Star Wars but I am very impressed by this game. It has all of the classic elements of the iconic movie trilogy but also its own unique traits! For instance: you can personalize your own squads and have characters from different time periods all fighting together for that classic galactic glory. My conclusion? 5 stars and then some!
If your the kind of person who loves grinding for years to collect 5 shards this is the place for you. Even in the daily farming of different currency, you can run into an unstoppable wall of over powered characters and your day of farming is over. For the day. I would give this game a better rating if instead of squeezing every blood covered penny from or cold dead fingers, it had even decent 1/6 drop rate. It would be worlds more enjoyable. Alas l, 1/10 - is best your getting, if your lucky. SAVE YOURSELF! It’s not worth it
Every single shard card you get will award the bare minimum of shards. This game is a ripoff, please don’t give this crap any of your money, the paid drops are no better than the free ones. If it says you might get 10-330 shards, expect 10-12 max, every single time. Total bs.
It’s the.......  Best game ever! It’s so good that playing in 2018 right now makes it feel like it came out yesterday not three years ago!!! 
This game is past exceptional it’s phenomenal. You can play as all of your favorite dark side characters. And your light side characters, I would recommend this game to all Star Wars fans. Or even to someone new to the series.
This game will give you an adrenaline rush and makes you want to jump in joy for more action. This game can give you a challenge at times, but with enough strategy and effort you can do it!
Me likey
I enjoy playing this game even though some of it gets difficult. The reason why I can only give this game 3 stars is because of how difficult it is to find a guild that’s active and where you can learn from each other.
Good game good game but where in the world is jar jar binks
I love the game, some of it is challenging. I think they should add episode 8 the last Jedi characters. Overall best game ever!!!!!!
This game is addicting, and you should get addicted to it now!  The faithful Star Wars and collectible aspects of this game, along with the awesome strategic and combat interactions between the huge amount (and counting) characters are only some of the amazing features of this game.  It is a true Star Wars game, and it enriches my enjoyment of the Star Wars universe.  Trust me, download now!
So far I like it
I love this game, don’t get me wrong, but the developers really need to look into this issue. Recently, whenever I turn on the game, it takes at least two minutes to load. Today it took at least five minutes, and my iPad automatically shut down before it was fully loaded!!! At first, I thought it was just a one or two time thing, but after a few days I realized that it was more than that.  It has now been several weeks, and I couldn’t avoid saying something any longer. I’m not sure if there are any other players experiencing this or not, but either way, I would really appreciate it if the developers would try to remedy this problem. I must add that this is the single major problem I have found with this game; and I have been playing for more than a year!!! So thank you for the great game!!!  One more thing: so many complain about the “need” to spend money. But frankly, that’s not true. As I said, I have played for a little more than a year, but I already reached the highest player level a few months ago. I have a great collection of characters and I am steadily improving by playing for just 15-20 minutes a day. And guess what? I’ve never spent a dime!!! In other words, it can be done. I’m not number one or anything, and I’ve had to have some patience, but I still did it; and you can do it to!!! 
It is so very nice of you
This game is awesome can't put it down.
Great for Star Wars nerds like me...  Super easy kind of game (i liek thos tipes oF gAmES) and really easy to get used to things. 
Great game The best game I have ever encountered, playing it for 2 years and it's only gotten better
So freaking awesome left Coc to play this, but because I accidentally put the wrong age in the beginning of the game, I now have restricted content(guild chat, name change). Really with the developers could fix this.
Dear Makers of the app, I love star wars, I loved the app but it kept kicking me out. Then today it just freezes up and I can’t really get in which is annoying so I just deleted it, it would not let me in and I love star wars and would have loved to keep it forever if it did not do this so please fix it or tell me how to fix it!  Love, A star wars fan  PS, Let the force be with you (or is it May The force be with you)  PSS,I just became a fan of star wars I watched all the movies in  3 days so yeah I am pretty new with star wars.  PSSS, sorry to bother you but please answer me I would love to figure out how to stop this from getting weird and making me get kicked out please help me, the kicking out and freezing is annoying sorry if I keep saying that.  Edit and PSSSS, I saw my sister playing the app (yes my sister has this app) so I decided to just get it back. 
Absolutely horrendous customer service after spending $25,000.00 on the game. I had an issue of being unable to access my game account and neither EA support nor CG management helped in the least bit. This is after spending $25,000.00.   I initially called EA Support 4 times. I was told different information each time and then had the call terminated while still trying to get answers the final 2 times.    I then contacted 3 CG managers. The first was very helpful (LD) and directed me to the right CG manager. The second CG Manager was one that had reviewed my account just a few months before in April and someone who I had even spoken to on the phone. He had difficulty understanding my problem at first and then proceeded to tell me that my situation was “impossible” and that Apple “should fix it in 10 min”, ignoring what is written on Apple’s website.  After that he then began insinuating there was something “wrong” with my account. An account I spent $25,000.00 on and that HE, and other CG managers, have personally looked at and handled a few months ago. The third CG manager replied a leisurely two weeks afterwards.   After all this and getting my account fixed, “customer service” did not bother to see if their customer, who had spent $25,000.00, got their game situation resolved. After spending that much and then being forced to miss events and such I would have expected a little token of gratitude or sympathy—but only a real business would do that. Utter disgust. 
This game is very fun and cool for star wars fans the only thing is that the crystals come in tiny amounts
This game is one of my favorites. I never experienced any bugs. I have one hate about it though: WHY DIDN'T YOU MAKE PADME?????????
Ok, so I have Star Wars battlefront 2 and it is a blast I am just now putting my 4 star Kylo Ren on because I am Bassicly cheating cause I just got this and it is AMAZING! Thank you EA for making me so happy for this game
I love this game and I like how it reset my progress
Very tactical
I am in love with this but do you think you can B1 battle droids for people.that would be awesome.if you do, thank you
This got better since the very last time I played it just wish the mods weren't so expensive.
This game is the most fun Star Wars fans will have HOWEVER, the gems are pricey and it may take at least 2 to 3 weeks to get a character card Only to get shards!  Overall this app has been and will always be my best Star Wars experience Also to newbies and players who already own this: Darth Vader is freakishly impossible to unlock! Can EA at least make his character shards also rewards for opening data cards? The galaxy will never know! 
This is the best card and Star Wars game on iOS
The makers of the game is really good of how the developers make the game good; because they have the characters be good for different things and types of buffs and debuffs on the characters they have go go against. But the main thing that I love star wars galaxy of heroes is by the characters we use and the characters from the show of star wars the clone wars the third and the rest of the star wars.     What I really want is that the game is to be more better than now and then. 
It introduces you to the Star Wars galaxy’s many hero’s and villains. I would recommend it to everyone. Especially the Star Wars nerds.
I really like this game, it passes time and is fun, it would help if not all things were locked when you first download it, other than that it is an amazing game
I’ve been playing since July. I have gotten rid of all distractions in my life that have kept me from this great game. Truthfully, most of those thing have divorced me, my wife, of 25 years, left with the kids and my dream job as a nuclear power plant operator fired me when I became distracted because I was playing this game. (Small incident that almost caused a plant meltdown)🤯🤫 Glad that didn’t make the news! There is something about it that has real lasting power. The more you play the better you feel. It has a real satisfying quality about it that cannot be found in most places. I look forward to this next year to see what other things in my life I can clear out to help make room so I can play more of this game. Thanks EA keep up the good work! 
Nsjaksmsmsjwkwwls nsjaks,skep Shaka. Ajsksmsnsk loppojisksjsk? Dejahino palitto poyo?  Tuyhiney sksmrjs Lopo daketo higeo!!!! Tagamet dusks,sndu jdiji sismdnsj!!! Ju tekareo?  Tombardio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best game ever better than all the movies together that’s how good this is
I Love Ashoka Tano and this game has her X 2!
There’s definitely a lot of ... incentive ... to pay and get ahead in the game, but it certainly isn’t necessary. There’s really next to nothing you can’t get in the game without paying. I reached level 70 before I quit, which used to be the max rank, and had quite a few characters at 6 or 7 stars or a high gear lvl, all without paying a cent.
So many different modes and challenges to do to keep you entertained, one of the few ways to make it better is more statistics with my characters for example after I complete a galactic war it could show all the stats like how much damage each char. did or healed
Nothing else to say
Every time they come out with a patch they mess up the game, they claim to balance the game, this never happens. They are constantly trying to get everybody to spend hundreds of dollars per new character that comes out on a gamble to get enough shards to actually have enough stars to make them worthwhile. This is gambling, they have taken it to far and proof is in this and all of their other games. If they don’t want to listen to the many thousands of complaints that have been lodged against them on both android and Apple devices then it is time to start getting the FTC involved since they are already looking at the gambling practices they are doing on all of their other games.
I bought a pack, hoping to get a cool character (perhaps one with a lightsaber). But what do I find? If you read the title then you'll know that I got an ewok. I get that they're cute, but I want a warrior that I can take into battle! If you ask me they shouldn't even be in the game.
WE NEED MORE EASILY OBTAINABLE FIVE OR HIGHER STARED CHARACTERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best game ever 👍👍👍
This game is good but I purchased something and I never got it. They might have to improve on that.
Pretty fun game at first. Then you hit an obvious wall, where the only way you can progress is through in app purchases. Not to mention they shove micro transaction ads down your throat. F*ck you EA, please let Star Wars go so you can stop ruining it. Lowest scum on the planet.
I started playing and immediately got annoyed by the gameplay. I can only do one move per character and I can’t even pick my character. It cycle through it one by one and it’s very annoying when I have to go through multiple strikes just to kill a simple droid.
This game is probably the best app in the iTunes Store at this time very fun and good. Can play for a long time without getting bored. Level 85 and still not bored
Great game
Lifetime SW fan. 3 years old when I saw A New Hope at the drive in from the back of the station wagon and still remember it like it was yesterday. This game will not disappoint.  This game ROCKS! \m/ 
It's a good time ,really fun to chill with. Been playing it pretty much since I picked it up. 👍🏽😁👍🏽
It’s awesome
I love the chances of you possibly getting a large hero, I also love how they add pretty much every type of character in the game SO MUCH FUN!!! 
I’m can I get Kyle ren masked because I said I was suppose to I don’t why just fix it plz
Truly an amazing game!
Only been playing for 24 hours but has been super fun so far!
It 🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🐶🍧🍧🍧🍧🍧🍧🍧🍧🏹🏹🏹🏹🏹❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷
Amazingly fun, don't need to spend money to be top tier, and addictive for sure! Must play if you're a starwars fan. From gameplay to graphics (for phone top notch) to he music 😍😍😍. Literally one of my favorite things about this game is the music puts you right into the mood to play some Star Wars aaaaaaa
3 words,best.game.EVER!
I don’t think that it is necessary for 80 sarges to unlock Darth Vader I I think that you can lower it or enjoyable.
The best and awesome Star Wars game ever
The game sometimes makes it so you don’t get a reward/Bought item so if you could please fix that ether wise great game.
So, I was wondering if you could make Kylo Ren (Unmasked) shards available in one of the hardest levels. Or at least make an event where you can get him.
This game is absolutely amazing and most definitely in my opinion the best mobile game right now. However, I feel as though there should be some changes with Anakin. Anakin\'s character is entirely too weak and his abilities are only partially beneficial to his character. He is supposedly the most powerful Jedi to have ever existed and a legendary warrior. Yet he is one of the weakest in this game. They recently introduced a Hero’s Journey that allows you to get a new version of Luke Skywalker (Commander Luke) which solves the problem of Luke Skywalker being too weak in the game. I would like to see a Hero’s Journey for Anakin that show his transformation into Darth Vader that both improves Anakin’s character and Darth Vader’s. Perhaps a new Darth Vader could be introduced entirely. In his mostly human form. George Lucas once said Darth Vader, before being burned and cut was twice as powerful as Sideous. I think he as a character could bring great variety in teams in the game as well because currently the game mainly focuses on light side teams, and also within the original trilogy. Even if a mostly human Darth Vader isn’t introduced, I still want both Anakin and Darth Vader redone. They’ve both lost their importance in the game and they’re both the most important parts of the first two trilogies.
I had to disable notifications all together cause it kept showing numbers in red of stuff waiting for me and everywhere I looked in the game was nothing to upgrade or collect and yet they still stayed on the app on the home screen. I said heck with it and just turned off the notifications for the game. I don’t have issues of this on my android devices just the apple one.
Best game I ever played and I can’t stop playing this game
takes about the right effort to keep you engaged in the strategy.  I like also learning the names of the movie characters.
This game Is the best RPG I ever played. Keep up the good work EA
By far the best Star Wars game I’ve played in a long time!
looking for a star wars fighting game just download it for jedi sake
This game is really amazing. I did not have to spend a single dollar to do anything. Also as a starwars finatic it's a really fun game.
Go die in a hole your the people that shut down Star Wars 1313 and go smirk at us with loot crates you descended from hitler and nazis
So, my son created this on my phone and used his birthday. Now, no matter what I do, it keeps creating child accounts. And of course, EA can’t fix this, so I’m stuck. AWESOME!!’
I have played this game for a looooong time. I can’t believe that with all the high ranked characters I have, I still can’t participate in the majority of events. If there is a rare occasion that I actually can participate in an event, it’s so ridiculous that I can never come close to beating them.
It's so interesting and you can unlock characters by playing games and then you activate them it's so cool
I️ redownloaded this game after a few months in hopes that it was more fair to those who weren’t willing to spend heir life savings on it. I️ now remember why I️ initially deleted it. I️ could be a whole 10 levels higher than my opponent but the characters that are required to be bought are overpowered.
😀
If you're a Star Wars fan you need to play this game!
Just brilliantly mindless for any imbecile. There is endless opportunities to expend energy and resources to the fantasy of Ewok supremacy.
I like this game a lot. Very fun and fair pricing model.
You can read all of the reviews that say the game is fun and almost all of them are correct. It’s addictive and fun. No doubt.  The game is extremely expensive if you want highly leveled character which make the game addictive and fun. You can spend HUNDREDS and feel like you’ve gone no where with your leveling.  Arguably the top players have spent thousands. I’d be extremely shocked if any of those top players can prove they didn’t spend thousands. 
Can this game be hack  Yes or no 
I would recommend it. It is fun and challenging in parts.
Instead of writing a long winded rant, I'll say this. EA needs to lose the SW license, because their cash grab garbage ruins games that would be fun otherwise. Free to play with MTX is understandable, but $80 for a content pack sold right before an event that doesn’t max out the characters or give them enough shards to complete said event is just purely predatory garbage.
I find this game very addictive and fun if you’re in to turn based strategy games you should definitely get this one it has very many modes
Awesome.
Like the title says, it's a fun game with lots of characters to collect. Also, you don't have to spend money to get good characters. I've gained many good characters just from the free packs, and by saving up crystals.     I enjoy the fact that once you you've been playing for a week or two, you can start getting more characters and gear for free. You can also focus on the ones you want to level as well once you find which battles have the shards you want. In short, you can focus on the ones you want, and ignore those you don't want. 
This title was awesome when it first came out. However, The need to acquire obscure toons to be able to compete and even allow you to collect the better toons is a serious money grab. I feel sorry for the newcomers. Unless you have deep pockets and are willing to allow EA to drop their money grubbing hands in them frequently, you will be disappointed. It never ends. Geriatric Han and Chewy are required to acquire the new Rey?? They are forever offering you the opportunity to buy your way back into play only to find that the Meta has changed again and the toons you spent so much on are no longer viable. Pity, the game play is really pretty cool.
This game used to be fun. Now, it's just predatory pressure tactics to try to get people to spend, spend, spend. They have gotten away from making good content to concentrate on thinking of ways to get people to spend. Every new update is more buggy than the previous one. But they just can't seem to keep themselves from pushing out obviously unfinished, buggy content that they expect players to pay for, but that just doesn't work right. It's embarrassing, really. And sad.
Fun asf to play
Many characters are impossible to use without buying. Lots of events are impossible to do if you didn’t start playing at the beginning unless you spend piles of money. The amount you have to spend just to get one character properly set up is staggering, hundreds of USD, and there are currently 138 characters. This game takes freemium to a whole new level of greed, always popping ads in your face to try to get you to buy stuff. I got 3 ads today for Boba Fett. I already have him but the game isn’t clever enough to know when it’s notifying you of something useless, like an event that you’ve already completed. The game crashes quite often, as evidenced by the at least monthly “sorry about that” gift they put in your inbox. Considering some have spent thousands on this game they could at least fix a few glitches that have been lurking for ages. It needs an ability to adjust the camera angle, as often the arrangement it chooses obscures crucial information and you have to guess, and sometimes it makes it difficult if not impossible to select certain targets. The chat system is near useless, with the laziest implementation of a language filter I’ve ever seen. The guild management tools are sorely lacking. This game has been out long enough to spend some of the mountains of cash it’s making and invest in fixing the core mechanics.
Update: In short, great game for Star Wars fans or turn based strategy fans, but something truly special for people who are both!  It's free to play and doesn't require payment to truly enjoy. If you are super impatient and have disposable income, you can always buy the in-game crystal currency and speed up your progress but...you also need to be smart. Your appreciation for this game lies less in what you can buy and more in your ability to learn and control your characters and abilities similar to the skill and precision of a chess match and it's pieces. Every time a new character is introduced, it's like playing with/against a brand new chess piece and refreshes the experience. One more thing, there is a tremendous community in this game along with strong developer support. So many improvements have been made over the years I've been playing this. It shows that the developers truly listen.  I have a feeling that this game will be around for a very VERY long time. Best to start playing now.  If I had to ditch all but one game on my phone this is the keeper  The long version: First of all, I love this game.  I got into it about 3 months after release.  Haven't stopped playing.  I'm a picky gamer and my time is valuable to me so I don't mess around with just any game. I'm a big fan of Star Wars and turn based strategy games and this is what this is. It was designed well and is a ton of fun. What keeps me coming back is the fact that it doesn't pressure you or put you in a situation where you have to pay cash in order to proceed to gain entry to special areas or events.  It will entice you like crazy with temporary deals, so it really depends on your will power and how much disposable income you have.   You do not need to pay cash to enjoy this game every day. Enjoy.  UPDATES:  Enhancement request 1: PARTIALLY FULFILLED by Territory Wars (kinda). Please make a live PVP battle mode. I don't care how restricted it is. Would love to pit a team against a guild members team without AI in the way.   Enhancement request 2: Would love to do some light AI modifications for my toons and teams.  Adding this feature would make things a lot more fun in general. It might make things more complicated for those wanting to venture outside the default AI. I know we want things as user friendly as possible.  Enhancement request 3: Removable helmets. I so badly want to play with an unmasked Vader or Kylo. Or at least have it like Gar Saxon where they are holding their mask in the character viewing area. 
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
This game is very good.   DOWNLOAD IT 
SWGOH is a building game. If you like games where you can build this is THE' best mobile app IMO. I usually get bored after a certain point and move on, though for some reason with this game I keep clicking lol
I like how each character gets their turn to take a shot and how you can upgrade that but I would recommend that when you upgrade your characters armor they look stronger and more ready for battle
I’m around 350-300 in the arena depending on the day, and I’ve never spent money on this game. I’ve had it for 2 years. Yes you have to play a lot to be the best in the arena, but that’s how it should be. And when you unlock a character which isn’t impossible by any means, it feels like an achievement. It doesn’t get tedious because of all the strategy in this game. You can try to level up a certain strength on your team to try and take on much stronger teams and beat them. Challenging, fun, free.
This app is the best game I’ve ever played and its great for people that like action adventure and combat
This game is so fun I love it but one thing they need to change is changing your name
Total mente recomendado
Just needs more characters
I love the franchise and have enjoyed this game for the last several months. Though it is possible if you are smart to spend very little (or essentially pay for the app) and progress to top 100-200 in arena, GOH plays a lot on traditional gambling tropes and social media addiction techniques to capture your time to coerce you to spend more.   Through what are essentially advancement paywalls, loot boxes and various randomised reward systems, you are being constantly targeted and manipulated. There are users (or victims) on here spending hundreds, even thousands of dollars to essentially buy digital avatars... which is just madness.  EA's approach to game development is predatory, dangerous and given so many children are playing this; amoral. For those with weaker resolves (or those who are young!) consider yourself very much at risk here. How casino style games of this nature are still legal, is truly beyond me.  I am to leave this game behind and would honestly advise anyone reading this to avoid downloading. Perhaps consider using your time to read a book or the weekend Guardian. 
I bought 20$ worth of crystals and i didnt get anything. no one is doing anything to help me either.
It has to many ads
I love this game but it’s very hard to play and it’s quite confusing. The most annoying thing is having get at a high level to squad battles, dark side, etc. However the game has pretty good graphics and a generic but unique battle system. Overall it ROCKS!!!!!👍
It could  be better
This game passes the time and gives off fun nostalgia. Doesn't necessitate pay to be a game that gets your attention and gives you a helping hand when you're just starting out.
I really like the game but it makes it so the guys with the attack where they shoot all the opponents is terrible.other than that I really liked it.
I love this game and the community that comes with it. What should be listed as requirements to this game a 3rd party chat app, must read the forums, and patience. I have never played a mobile game as long as I have than this.My 2 year anniversary is within a day or so. It helped me get more immersed into the SW world. The people that play this game are truly the back bone. The guilds, the alliances, the community.   Lately there has been some weird shady stuff going down though. Requirements are getting much more outwardly greedy: almost impossible if you aren’t spending 100s of dollars for new toons to get a new op toon. They keep having a problem with like promotions and it seems like they take it out on the community and it’s really perplexing. Just today many wanted to spend money on a Christmas crystal bonus but it was injected in the game in such a way that ppl had to be on their phone all day in the chance that it popped up. It did not pop up and there’s some weird problem with it now.  There has been a change with this game and it’s not for the better. Spending players are leaving daily. Sure attrition happens but this seems to be too much. The new game modes are great just need to be tweaked. PLATOONS are terrible in this game. I wish the communication on the forums were improved even more so. Take advantage of your active players (in a good way) I want this game to last but I’m afraid it’s pushing people away more and more.  All in all it is a great game , it’s freemium based , but one of the better ones. It still has the potential to be something amazing. Let’s take it there. 
This game is just hitting droids with light sabers and shooting lasers out of guns make it more intense and interesting                                   Spam #money hungry developers 
I was excited to play this game when I bought it. When I tried opening the app, it would just close. Please fix this issue.
I’m glad I found this game it’s a game for when you have nothing better to do, but gets really repetitive after awhile. You don’t really get anywhere and there’s no story either. Yet, in lax time with nothing to do it’s ok to play.
I think this is a very fun game and very good to pass time.I totally would recommend this to other people but there’s always one problem because I think you should make updates to make yoda more powerful since he is a jedi master.
This is the best app that is not PS4 or anything like that.😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
I’m Tyler and I think this is a Kool Beans game
being able to buy extra stuff in the game is cool but ive been playing the free way and its not limited like most other games
I love this game. Controlling and building up the iconic Star Wars characters. I would LOVE to see a Lord if the Rings version of this. Just a thought!!! It would be soooooooo awesome!!!
Hi you know what might top of the game if you where to win shards you could promote your character you can get a clone of that character because I hate that the enemy get the same troops like clone privet they have 3 omg why can I not have the same troop I wonder please read this and please put it in the next update please it would top off the game please read this
I love it
Great game, been playing for two years, but the newest release drains my data whether I’m on WiFi or not because it doesn’t recognize the connection. Always get a “WiFi is disabled” message every time I start the game and it downloads 12+ mb of data on start for no reason. No choice but to uninstall.
Play and see if you can stop. Bet you can’t. This game will keep you occupied and mentally happy.
I’ve been playing for over a year, and it’s still entertaining. Some things change for the better, others not so much. Next the chromium data cards are disappearing, probably because people don’t buy them, but the purple crystals are used for too many things. I mean, why buy data cards for characters when there are so many other things you have to buy with the same currency? Great game, but there’s still room for improvement, that’s why only 4 stars.
I love starwars this game is really fun but I would like to add some thoughts maybe you could lower the prices of the things and please add padme when she is in battle in episode 2
Title.
This is one of the best Star Wars games out there! Fun gameplay and awesome characters.
My dad likes to play Star Wars. I just want to have my own IPad back.it is really the best game I ever played and I love this game. The game is so fun and it does not get me bored of the game I play on this game.👍👍👍👍👍👍😻😻😻😻😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑💩🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑💩💩💩💩🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
This game used to be good, but now like many other games they help the big players and money spenders get stronger. They make some of the battles so hard there is no way to defeat them even with maxed players. I love Star Wars but this game is not worth it. Find something else or you will have wasted a lot of time and maybe some money on a game that gets too hard to play and win.
Seriously they have all aspects of the stories in here. Great so far.
INCREDIBLE GAME
Starts out pretty easy, but gets better
Star Wars kid! Nuff said
If you’re looking for hours of frustration and constant hands at your wallet, then this is the game for you.  Challenges are impossible without spending tons of cash or waiting months to get characters leveled up enough to even participate.  Seems like it’s getting worse.  I’d recommend that you find something else to spend time/money on.
I hate this game. Star Wars games are meant to be fun not unfair and really hard. EA you are the worst gaming company out there. Disney made a huge mistake giving you the license for making star wars games. Also i tried giving a one star to rate this gane but it wouldn’t let me post this review. Another reason why i hate EA.
Star Wars galaxy of heros is a great game it’s lots of fun however a nice feature they should add is the ability to battle their allies but this is an overall great game👍🏼.
The game is very hard to win in unless you pay money to upgrade characters. The levels get increasingly harder so the game practically makes you pay to play. Do not waste you time with this game.
I Purchased crystals but still haven't gotten them but otherwise it's great fun battles and here’s a little question why exactly does Rey and Luke cost more than YODA?
I love this game but I can't even get why people don't like the game the game is not super easy, or violent but it's a great game to play and I like the graphics in the game the characters look so realistic like in the Star Wars movies
This game is amazing awesome and the graphics are great too.Now that doesn’t mean that it is perfect!The purple gems are insanely hard to get unless your parents or guardians let you use in app purchases.
Galactic War is the best way to win everything: character shards, war tokens, gear, etc. Unfortunately I haven’t been able to actually win a war in over two weeks because the final battle is so hard. Even with all of my advanced squads: Rebel, Jedi, Empire, and Clone I can’t even kill one Rogue One member. Frustrating that my entire arsenal of 740k power I can’t kill one enemy. The game is fun, but entirely weighted for “pay to win”.
This game is amazing.
This game is so so much fun.
i don't know how to use the app. and the fact that the app has been fixed with a new version
Had to edit this from yesterday after the 13th straight day of getting 3-5 nodes into galactic war. Terrible, used to finish regularly, but since “balancing” update get thrashed. The level 85 guys in my guild say it’s a lot easier. Guess they just switched the whale teams to play the lower level guys instead. Garbage from a game I want to enjoy.  I used to REALLY look forward to playing this game each day, but since last big update, I get trounced by lower level teams in galactic war on the regular. Used to be able to finish at least twice a week; this really kills the fun... 
Awesome
I was upset it made me restart but I got my account back very easy I’m surprised this game is amazing just wow.
Game kept advertising a free kylo character. I never got him. Lame.
This is great just like Star Wars Battlefront 2!
Sooooooooo amazing
Free to play is alright. Won’t get you everything. “Random” missing will always be an issue. (I’ve restarted one Galactic War level 5 times as a test. First Yoda attack ALWAYS misses, Qui Gon ALWAYS called Yoda to assist, both ALWAYS missed. Attacked a different enemy each time.) I wonder if they’re laughing at me reading this. Got it on video.
Love the game but we need jango fett
I tried to sim and it did not work. But it took my sim ticket!
Good support, always adding new content. Might feel pressured to buy premium content but is totally unneeded. Going is slow at first but picks up with a little patience.   Please please please add a slider for buying packs with ally points. Had over 100,000 at one point and took near 30 mins to use them all. Communication with community isn’t the best. Should announce upcoming events rather than springing them on players with no warning. I would like to be able to test my squad against specific teams. Add some sort of customizable game option. Also battling friends would be fun. 
I really enjoy this game because it mixes your favorite characters and strategy and it's Star Wars!
A great app
Don’t bother with this game unless you plan on paying.  I’ve been playing this for a while now and have never seen a game favor itself so much.  The galactic march pits the player against unrealistic odds.  Enemy characters dodge attacks multiple times and some enemy characters come back to life multiple times.  Unless you want a frustrating experience avoid this game.
Awesome game, so much fun! 🤗
This game was fun and so I decided to buy crystals. Once I spent money, my account was charged and then the app stopped working. Seems like a scam.
The company that is doing this game charges ridiculous amounts of real money and matches you up with people 1000+ trophies higher than you to try to get you to throw money at it. These devs are worthless.
I have now been playing this game for 1 year now with my friends and couldn’t be happier. It is a game that takes time and that’s the best part. I feel like I’m accomplishing something I feel part of the Star Wars universe. I would 100% recommend this game. The community is great and the game play so far is insanely good and the developers are always looking for new characters and new ideas to add to the game to make it the best it can be. Also, join my guild, The Emperors Royal Guard.
I have an idea. How about the online community of players come together in real life. Search out all the developers of this game and because of their greed pay for their crimes in blood. Real blood. Those getting rich off of unsuspecting and hapless customers will eventually pay the price. In this life or the next. I only hope those responsible for these abhorrent crimes will do what is necessary to rectify it before their greed swallows them
Why do you have to be level 60 to get ships it should be 30
EA has ruined this game making it virtually impossible to get anywhere in this game without spending money. I have played this game for a while and they keep making it harder and harder unless you buy your level ups. Nothing is free... including this game.
This game was is the littest legit awesome cool swagalishios ever
This game is good... it has some minor problems though. Character shards are hard to get without money. Events should be formatted to your level. Finally the squad arena doesn’t make much sense. Still it’s a very good game and recommend playing it if you like star wars
Loads of fun and free!!!
Why does this game cause the need to spend IRL money? I find it very hard that you need to either play for years or use your money to become good. Please fix this I have played for a year and I feel I am barely progressing. Please fix
Great to play when i am bored at school!
This is a amazing game I could play this for hours but i can’t but i just want to say it is amazing👍👍👍
I’m giving this game 1 star until they allow you to fix your age. I’m legally blind and did not see the age slider when I signed up. Now, I can’t talk to my guild or change my username, and I am way past the point of starting over. I talked to EA support, and they acknowledged that this was a common issue with no fix. Also, in game purchases are not needed, but they are way overpriced.
Never judge a book by its cover because I thought this was just another lousy Star Wars game, but so much fun I can’t stop playing it!
You can’t restart your game  But it’s a good game 
This is a great game and I love playing it, I just wish there was a reroll option, or an option to start over for returning players, or just people who want a fresh start.
It’s ok but it’s pretty hard and lots of bugs.but it’s fun to play when you are bored
The game itself is pretty fun but I made a lot of mistakes early on and I wanted to restart and start over but you can't. Deleting the game does not restart it nor does deleting data from Game Center or iCloud so I would make me so happy to have a restart button in the settings of the game.
I have played this game every day since November 2015. It is the best game I’ve ever played!!
Never paid I dollar and at level 84.  Sure it took me awhile to get to the good stuff but with a good guild and playing from time to time you’ll do great.
First off anyone who says this game is pay to win doesn’t know how the game works. If you drop money on the game you get access or even possible access to other characters more quickly.  But that doesn’t mean you “win”. I have been playing the game for two years now and it has grown and the devs listen to the community.  Yes they are there to make a buck, but honestly you can get have a LOT of success in the game if you just engage in the community.   I love this game!!!! 
I play this game entirely free and it's hella fun!
I have played this game for two years and I still love it. A lot of comments say it’s pay to play this has not been my experience since I have not spent more then $5 it takes time to upgrade characters but that is the point of the game, that’s what makes it fun.
One of the funnest games to play
It crashes a lot and is kind of boring. They need an update to fix the crashes and let you do multiplayer and make the game more fun
Fun game that’s identical to Hero’s Charge so if you liked it you’ll like this
I love the game I love the fact that I have elder ewok he's like the best in my team love the game guys love it soooo much the only problem is that it takes so much energy to do ONE match but other than that it's great👏👏👏👏👏👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👀.........................................👅
Have been playing for 2 years and it keeps getting better.  At lower levels the game is finding Star Wars characters you like and developing them.  Then you get involved with guilds and squad building.  This is when strategy and teamwork add new dimensions to the game.  Special events add unique characters and variation.  The developers do a good job with releasing new content and keeping things interesting.  If you want to buy stuff to advance quicker you can, but in game purchases are not required to be competitive and enjoy the game.
This was a fun game. The introduction of new game modes kept it interesting. Even though it has slowly become more pay to play it was still fun. Until recently. With the addition of recent updates this fun little game has become a connection error nightmare. If you like quitting and restarting the game more that you like the actual gameplay. This ones for you. They broke this game.
EA has disappointed many with their pay to play model on all their Star Wars games, this one being a “free” phone game is obviously the most packed with ways to take all your money.
I have been playing this game for more than a year now, and I belong to a very small guild that is for casual players. If you were to ask me if it is worth playing, I will say yes, but for sure (like many other reviews) while it is free to play, players will definitely hit a wall once they get their player level maxed to 85. Like many “freemium” games, you will have to spend some money to get somewhere (if you are shooting for arena rankings beyond 250-350) and you will need to join a large guild to really take advantage of the Guild battles (at least the Territory Battles and Epic raids).  I haven’t spent a dime on this game, and I’d like to think that I have gotten reasonably far, but, as it stands with more than a few 7-Star characters with gear levels between 9 and 10, and 2 characters with Zeta abilities unlocked (QGJ and Barriss), I still cannot pass beyond the last tier of Normal battles. There could be an argument that I probably could get past that tier, but it would probably take me another year or longer to get the requisite gear level to survive the damage placed and dish out the damage....you will find that brick wall by at least tier 8 on all battles.  On the subject of crystals for cards/data packs. Don’t do it. You are better off just spending crystals on the occasional shipment for shards or gear that you know you will not get right away because either the hard battles won’t have them or they require you to have access to the upper tiers of battles. The data pack lottery is just plain highway robbery and it may persuade you to invest in 50.00 or more on packs that really will not do much for you except maybe get you characters that will start you out at around 4-stars if you don’t have them yet. Anyone who plays this will tell you with the exception of a few (like say Aalya Secura and Darth Nihlius) they will not be of much use to you unless you get them to 5-stars or higher w/ Gear level 7 or higher (because at this point, you will have all abilities unlocked and protection), and at least level 50 (which will open up mods) - this is especially true when doing events and the Galactic War campaign.  Another issue (if you want to call it that) is that you will find out that, you will have to invest in almost nearly every character except for the special limited event ones because you will need almost everyone for events as many of the events are based off of faction/race synergy to get “rare characters” - this also applies to the Mod Challenges.  I just have a few bits of advice for new players  Do invest in at least one squad for each side with synergy. You’ll thank me later. Invest early in Talia and Old Daka as they are the only two healers on the Dark side that you can readily get and without them, getting past T6 on DSB, will be -very- challenging if not next to impossible (If some other experienced players can do this without these two post T5 - I honestly respect you, because you are far better at this than me!) 
I have not spent one dime on this game and I do just fine. You have to play the game and grind away here and there but you can be competitive and have fun. Find a good guild they will school you.
It's fun as hell and I'm not a guy that plays a lot of games but I can't put this down.
I’ve played many a phone game. But this one is by far the best. It’s Star Wars, and you get to play both sides. Brilliant
The games okay, i’ve been playing for probably 4 months or so and enjoyed it for the first  month. Kinda gets boring after that. I also have excessive crashes while in game and have given up on them fixing them.
It's awesome!
The new update has some issues, I like this game a lot and I play it every day, but with the last update I can’t acces to many things anymore and it’s stays in the loading screen without run the game and I have to close it, please FIX this issues for iOS
Really loved this game!
It's really fun because you can battle,collect characters,and collect parts of characters.you collect parts of them to get characters.or you can get cards.
Just like EA to rape free to play players
I love this game so much I can’t stop playing it I love the light and dark side battling.😍😀😄
There is a bug for when I play the game on mobile data, the music doesn’t load and the audio only works when I am in a battle
Bring back Commander Luke and I’ll raise it. He’s way over powered and your screwed if you don’t have him.
Tryyg
what else do I gotta say
It is a good game
This is a really fun game and thanks to battlefront two for Kyle Ren for free
This game is fun, and so far I haven’t felt the need to fork up the dough just to play. I do wish they had some of the characters that I love the most. They completely missed out on bad*ss Padme, and how cool would it be to play in her Battle Arena outfit? It is cool but could use improvements.
It’s fun but it would be a whole lot better if you could control your characters and build and buy and manage jets and housing that would make it interesting
Hello! Alright first off I love this game so much. But I had an idea Devs. So we are able to have Clone troopers Rex, Fives, Echo, heavy trooper, and Cody. Yes they are fun to play I love the synergy they have together. BUT I think there should be more clone troopers. Delta Squad! Like Sev, Fixer, Scorch, and Boss! There was a game for PC awhile ago called “Star Wars Republic Commandos” if you did this I guarantee that many other players would be very happy. Thanks! :-)
Just began playing enjoying the game so far.
For Star Wars fans, this is a good game!  Also, people who like collecting characters or battling will like this.  I don\'t mind a lot of the stuff that people don\'t like.  Plus, this is add free!             Seriously, this is fun!  I do not spend money, but I get along well.  The only thing I\'d suggest is making it easier to progress in the league arena.  I do not get on every day, so it\'s hard to keep a good position.  That\'s all! ******************  I\'ve started losing interest in this game.  There is less and less to do now that I am so far.  Plus, it takes forever to get enough raid tickets for even the most basic guild raids.  I\'ve never actually got to do one.  Please add more stuff to game like double battles where you battle with someone else on your side, friending abilities that let you share your progress, and add custom usernames I hate my username on my account.  Also, you should be able to log into your old account when u do it on a different device.  Also, the previous review was from one month ago, so this game is diving fast.  Also, why make bosses soooooooo hard?  It ruins some things.  Keep the daily rewards.   Because of the real money stuff, it is so much harder to progress, because everyone else spends like 10 dollars a day. 
This game has been a huge time killer for me and I’ve enjoyed playing it everyday except for a few things. The drop rate for literally everything is usually always a miss and never a good hit. It will take you months just to farm one character. And usually they have the same gear as another character so you can’t work on them simultaneously. So I can’t really have a great team with just one guy being good.  The rest just get killed cause I am trying to focus on one guy so it’s kind of a pain. Don’t get me wrong though, the whole concept is great, but I don’t like that they sucker you into buying a whole bunch of stuff so that you can have the gear and characters you want and it is wayyyyyy over priced. I have to try and save as many shards as I can to unlock stuff and most of them time I’m too scared to use them because I’m worried about getting crappy drops like I usually do. I have already paid like $80 and I almost get depressed thinking that I spent that much whenever I know it’ll be another two more months until this character can even show for something. You can spend $40 and unlock some characters super fast but then you can’t even get much use out of them. So then you don’t pay the money so you can pay your bills, and then you get frustrated because of how long it takes and these other people actually have money to spend and gear their hero’s up. I just wish they would be alittle more understanding of how expensive it is to actually get good squads in here and that the patience of actually farming isn’t normal when drop rates and refreshes are also crappy. I can’t get good gear in raids either cause my squad can’t hold up yet and they won’t for months and months. I would definitely stay more interested in the game of they made it more realistic for this issues, but It’s starting to get alittle ridiculous.
This game is by far my favorite mobile game. A lot of people have gone on to other super cell games, but I love this game. I agree with some other people, and this is just minor, but the walls are incredibly expensive. It takes me days to get about 7 walls, but this about the only downfall of this game. I will say anybody reading this that doesn't have the game should get it. It is very addicting, but is worth your time. I can guarantee you will enjoy this game. If you need help, just join a clan. They are always (usually) friendly and will gladly help. I'm giving this game 5 stars and I REALLY hope they keep up with updates. Thank you, for reading this, and I hope you enjoy.
Good game to start. I had a lot of fun playing, but I was locked out for a month after the recent update. EA offered no help and their customer service is a joke. Everyone I talked to was seemingly irritated that I called. After a month I just couldn’t justify the grinding I had done and the grinding I would have to do to get caught up. Deleted; and not likely to play an EA game anymore. No respect, and poor response.
I like the turn based aspect of the game. It's very addictive
Great game
I'm a free gamer, spending absolutely 0 on any in app purchases. The game is fun, but you now need to pay ridiculous cash to get some of the "bonuses" the game offers or finish the events. I have been able to hold my own in arena, but raids... completely different story. The Rancor is way OP, able to kill one of your units in 1 shot with an ability that has a 5 turn cooldown. If you want to excel at this game, you need to be good at tactics and have unlimited patience, or you can just buy stuff. I want to get the really good stuff. Can’t do it.
Well balanced app. You can get cool stuff if you put time into it.
Jabba the Hutt commander Gree old Luke     snoke      Jar Jar Binks commander Wolfe                        Riot first order troop.        Jango Fett.          Cp3p0.          Sev fixer scorch boss     Commander Gregor there are many more you could add but you don’t I could keep going on for awhile another ex bossk so please add more a bit faster
I love that you can battle different characters. This game is so much fun, and very addicting!😜
Can't understand why some people are "less than honest" and say the game is pay to win.   I've got a dozen 60+ characters, including some rares, and I finish every day in the top 500 Squad Battles.   How much have I spent?  NOTHING. Nada. Zero.   So. If you say you've got to spend money to play and succeed at this game, your pants are on fire. *Update* I now have several 70 toons, I clear GW every day and I still haven't spent a dime.  You are truly weak sauce if you say you need to pay to play, pay to win or pay to advance. If you say you need to pay for anything in this game, then games are too hard for you and you should not play them. Stick to eating baby food from a jar, it's probably best for you if you don't eat anything that needs to be chewed. Update for December, 2017.  STILL NOT PAY TO PLAY. I’ve got more lvl 85 players than I can shake a stick at, I’ve got raid Han and Commander Luke, Thrawn and his ship AND the Millennium Falcon and I’m 43 in ships, 200 in arena.  ANNNNDDDD I still haven’t paid to play. 
I love this game, if you are a nerd of Star Wars you will too! Even if you aren't a nerd it's not a hard game to understand and I would recommend this game to anyone!
This game is the best game I have ever played in my whole entire life. I’m not over exaggerating. I’ve had this for almost a year now and it’s so fun! Some people think that it’s a pay to win game or any other pointless crap like that. It’s not if you aren’t a wuss. It’s a very fun game and it requires strategy, like which moves to use at which time and what mods do you equip on each character. I highly highly highly recommend this game to Star Wars lovers/freaks like me. I just think that maybe there should be old republic characters that are confirmed to be true stories. That doesn’t bother me, it’s just a suggestion. If you download this game and unlock guilds join “N1ght Fury”. The ruler is Pur-and then a few numbers not sure. Don’t forget to ally me when you enter. My name is Malevolence in the game. The best game ever. Get it if you’re a true Star Wars fan. By the way watch The Last Jedi coolest movie ever.
This game is bulls***.  They are so biased on making lightside characters way better than dark side characters they should never be payed or played.  This game is so hardcore biased on light side characters it’s insane. Even characters they died to dark side characters are way to op. This game is bs. The creators don’t know anything about the Star Wars universe. They all should burn in hell.
This is what happens when Candy Crush meets Suikoden meets Star Wars.  One of the better freemium games out there.
I am putting this as a 4 star because some of the settings are very very stupid.
When i first started playing this game (about 1.5 years ago), it was incredible. I felt like the only thing holding me back was commitment and strategy. That’s not the case anymore. This game has turned a dark corner with the recent release of Jedi Training Rey. Whereas players used to be able to get legendary characters by farming effectively, it is virtually impossible for free players to unlock Rey. When calculated, it would cost over $300 for most people to unlock her... ONE character.   EA and CG have ruined this game. It’s purely pay to win now. I still play, but I’ll never drop a dime on this game again (which relatively gets you so little it’s not worth it) and who knows how much of this I’ll be able to endure any longer. 
Really fun game but I hope you add more clone troopers😑. You should add one or two more commander clones and maybe add a Blue Guard. Add the inquisitors from Star Wars the rebels.
Thank you so much this game is so fun I am so happy you created this game I would be playing roblox all day long if it weren’t for you
This game is so addicting and fun! I love RPGs and Star Wars and this is basically both of them mixed together.
This game is fun and addicting and I can’t stop playing it!
Everything is good except for acquiring characters is difficult
So in order to get the new Rey, you need BB8, which I missed out on the event for him. Same goes for other classic characters like Han, hoth Luke, r2, obi  wan, yoda, grievous and more all because I got the app after force awakens
I've loved this game from the beginning. There have been some recent updates that nearly nullified your progress, and made powerful characters nearly powerless. Unless you’re ready to spend some serious cash, it’s not worth it. Arena’s full of players who pump $$$ into it, and if you aren’t paying, or know exactly what obscure and otherwise useless character to farm, you can never come close to catching up.
The rating isn’t for the gameplay, but the support. I can’t change my username and I’ve tried everything. I’ve gone to the help, and the forums. AND I NEED HELP!!!!
That game is fun but it wold be better if it came in a Star Wars Version!! Please look it up and make a game with all the people in Star Wars please it wold be so much fun! By all this game is fun and easy to play ❤️
Good game
This game is incredibly addicting and fun. I only have three suggestions that I don’t expect to be done but would be cool to see. 1.Older events Once you reach a certain level you unlock events.These events can help you unlock Event exclusive characters.The only Problem I see is Older events aren’t There and I would enjoy a fix to that even if we just got one a month. 2.Death Troopers (Not the ones From Rogue One. I’m talking about the novel.) I don’t Expect the creators to put in the byproducts of Project blackwing. However I do think that would be an awesome event, And would give us a chance to see more love for these Imperial Zombies. 3. Vehicle Table. Hey we have ships how about we give some characters who didn’t get a ship,Such as the Jawas, their iconic vehicles.Also a opportunity to add another Holo Table. 
Love!
I'm having a lot of lag.
It’s not as disappointing as Star Wars battlefront two
This game is the best and I recommend this game to anyone
I want it to be like Star Wars battle front
It used to be a great game but then the developers decided they weren’t making enough money.  Now to advance at reasonable rate you have to spend a lot of cash.   I would avoid at all costs unless you have deep pockets.
Overall the game is a 5*, however, I have issue with some aspects of the game. Guild Wars are only available to guilds with 25+ members, sorry for the rest who can't reach 25. Certain events and challenges are either way to easy or way to hard (next to impossible). Territory Wars, individual battles are ridiculous to complete, appears that you need all 5 characters at 7*'s, gear and mods maxed, and level 80+. These are just a few of many issues I have.
Either go full on pay to play or fix your crap,
Great game with minor to no bugs
Core content locked behind paywalls and gambling. Repetitive gameplay. Badly balanced levels.  Seriously, EA phoned it in and expects you to pay dozens if not hundreds of dollars to MAYBE get access. 
The game is awesome I have a maxed out team of dark siders and it does not even take a long time to upgrade your men/women like the other games out there
I got this game about a week ago and I am hooked! My favorite character is currently Kylo Ren or Luke Skywalker (Farm Boy). I recommend this game to any Star Wars fan!
Awesome Game! Love the ship battles😁
A free game that is actually free. Been playing for 2 years, 1.3mil power......still love it.
I play this every day and am in a great squad. My only complaint is EA's pricing and gambling aspect to buying stuff. i.e. Pay $20 for a change at 5-330 character points. Most people I have talked to have only earned 7 at most. Buying from EA usually makes one want to take a rape shower immediately afterward.
I have been playing SWGOH for over a year, and I still love playing it. There’s a lot to work towards, and yes it can be quite the grind, but what great game out there isn’t like that? There are a lot of people out there that say it’s pay to play, and sometimes I feel like that’s true, but you can earn everything through the game that you would be able to purchase. Paying just accelerates it a little bit. Also, the devs are constantly adding new characters and content to keep testing the players. Best game, hands down, for phone gaming.
I went out of my game with 6 million credits and I come back 20 mins later and I only have 33 credits I want my credits back I can’t upgrade characters anymore
After the last update the app does not work Since last night that the force is down  Today, after the update the game is working again, and what about all that was lost because the game did not work for more than 2 weeks? 
Until, as stated elsewhere, the updates. Taking away selling excess in the store took away one easy chance for at least acquiring some people recompense for your time involved in gameplay so you had some credits to spend. There is no good reason for a free player to continue that I have found, and though I haven't deleted the app yet, I will surely do it soon. I am not a gamer that enjoys buying his way to the top, I prefer grinding, but it simply does not pay to grind now.
Despite what EA would otherwise claim this game is pay to win plain and simple. Yes you can play for free but you will never ever be able to compete competitively unless you’re willing to pay asinine prices for nothing more than a microscopic chance to get something. It may not be pure gambling but it’s close.   The other huge problem are the near constant game crashes. I average 5 or 6 crashes a day typically mid-battle during the two main guild events (TW and TB).   Other than that the game is really truly fun, it’s just a shame that EA does their best to ruin it with their P2W attitude and ridiculously expensive gambling purchase system. If you’re at all familiar with SW Battlefront 2’s controversy you will see the same system running here. 
Don’t get me wrong the game is a ton of fun but it takes forever to unlock new characters and the pvp is completely unbalanced. I’m a lvl 44 going up against level 50 and 60 players. The card packs also cost way to much so it’s really either pay to get characters or grind for 4 to 7 weeks to get a single one.
I have been playing this game for a couple years now. This is a great game. HOWEVER they have made obtaining and leveling up characters a grueling, time consuming and resource exhausting process. Farming shards to level players takes waaaaaay to long. Some of the best characters in the game are borderline impossible to get and require having a squad of specific characters with 7 stars. If you don't have one of the characters you are screwed because it will take 6 months to level them up. The packs available in the store are RIDICULOUSLY over priced. You can spend between $30-70 on a pack and not even get enough shards to 7 star a player. I BOYCOTT paying a dime for packs. Kudos to the developers for crafting a way to force you to dump hundreds of dollars into this game to be competitive.
It's a little Overwhelming right now and somewhat linear, but is a fun game.  Update: 2 years in.   I love this game and I hope above all that EA loses the Star Wars IPA.   This is the most money grubbing game I’ve ever played, rotten with pay to win and punishes players severely for not dumping hundreds of dollars a month into it.    Star Wars 8 just came out.  They have released a new Rey character.  To get her, you have to have two characters that have been pay only up till today, spending roughly $200 assuming you have that other characters, and if you don’t have that set in 6 days, you miss your chance, possibly forever, to get a game breaking character required for any and all real progression.    I love Star Wars and I wish someone else could hold the rights to her so we can get good, honest companies who aren’t money grubbing and really do want players to have fun instead of browbeating them into paying boatloads of cash to stay meta.    Edit:  I am a week into the game and am starting to see what the other reviewers are talking about.  First of all, to get anywhere in this game you will have to spend money. A lot of money.    In most games, when you pay money to "summon" a character, you get that character and can level it and play and all that.  Even if you get duplicates, you can fuse those into your "main" and continue. I this game, you get "shards", which is a piece of the character.  Some take up to 100 shards to unlock and then, to level them properly, you need more shards.  It sounds like a cool system until you realize that you are only getting 1-2 shards per summon and the LONG GRIND starts to sink in.  Not only to GET the person but to upgrade them.    I am still playing because it's a little fun still but I can't say for how long considering it's getting boring using the same 5 folks and there is no new ones in sight.... 
Tiresome.  Slow, grinding pace takes forever to move up.  To go faster you have to pay. Not an action game. Way too many steps for the right to play longer.  The cost of gear to buy grows exponentially as you progress which makes it extremely tedious to make progress as you get near the top levels.  It's like paying down a mortgage. No skill required as you level up...just lots of dead time.  Good sound effects but I leave that off.
There are a ton of characters, but you are missing a few that really need to be in the game...  Jedi Knight Luke Jango Fett The Inquisitor Padme Amidala  Last, with this game being so good... why hasn’t anybody developed a GI Joe in the same model. 
How is it there's been three or four guild wars and every time our guilds pit against him be of the top guilds. It's so impossible to beat all these guild that have people who spend idiotic amounts of money on this game. Every guild we've faced have maxed nearly everything. Our guilds power is 70 million why do we keep getting put against nat the very best guilds? It's idiotic
Normally this is great game but the last update removed all of my characters and brought me back to square one.
Really good
You might enjoy this game. Crystal prices are way high for what you get and energy generation is a bit slow but still a great game with a good mix of activities. The packs are a complete waste of money as it says 5 to 330 shards for a character but it's ridiculously skewed to only get the minimum! Gear drop rates are horrible as you spend a lot of energy to maybe get a few items. They have improved their content drops but they need to change their RNG and drop rates as it is darn near impossible to play free to play. They need to get better as several friends have already quit and I'm getting close to doing the same with each update. Any more friends quit and I'm gone! Sadly spent too much money on this game and if they keep it up they will lose any future money from myself and several others!
Fun for those that like farming collections to build up teams.  Only drawback is they hold some stuff back for much larger guilds.  Specifically 25 man plus.  They need to give a little love to smaller intimate guilds.
The latest update has some really great new content. The game is fun and it is very possible to be Free-to-play and still competitive. With The Last Jedi about to hit theaters, they’ve given a lot of great new features and goodies.
Great game. I have been playing since July and I’m all ready lvl 76. Most people feel like the data cards are rigged but I just buy the 350 crystal ones because it’s not a big loss if you get 12 shards
This game is fun
Not a bad game
This game is crazy addictive and more fun than I imagined. It does take dedication and time. If you don’t stick with games long, this may not be the one for you.
It gets hard very fast and leveling up to the needed levels for most of the game is really high
Massive paywalls, bugs everywhere. Devs that don't respond and care nothing about game balance. Hugely imbalanced and overpowered characters. Devs only care about Team Instinct and high spending players.
Good game that you can ether play and work your way to the top or pay but you can have fun both ways.
If your a Star Wars fan then this game is for.
I like it is so much fun and hard that is the point. I love it.
Very addictive game, one of my favorites in the App Store!
Give me some decent characters without having to drop $$$$
It’s a decent time killer. But unless you want to pay. You’ll never get far.
This game isn’t for the faint of heart nor the people with a shortage of time.  You have to dedicate some time to this game in order to really get the full effect of the features this game has to offer. 
It is so fun to play 😆😆😆😆!!!!!!!! Good luck and may the force be with you
was a good game until the last update which is causing my game to crash. I would reinstall it if I didn’t spend money on in app purchases, developers are also taking forever to fix this issue. I am not sure if this is just an ios issue or just a game issue.
I started playing this game within the first few weeks of its release. They've added a lot of content in the past 2 years, the collecting is fun and rewarding as it takes a long time to unlock certain characters. My biggest complaint is the lack of quality rewards or achievements for consistent play/logins. Now basically all the newest (and often most powerful) content is purchased instead of earned, and pretty much unattainable for the average player who can't afford to spend literally thousands of dollars on a mobile app. The competition (arena) and other aspects of the game have become more about how much you're willing to pay as opposed to how much you're willing to grind.
The game is fun.  It's a game similar to others in that it's just get stronger, defeat stronger characters, etc.  it's addictive though...and still fun.  I love the new updates.  UPDATE:  the new updates of Dark Side territory Battles and Territory Wars has made this game really great.  Remember that it’s still a game where you can’t beat the money spenders.
Noice!
The app freezes on loading screen, and I keep reloading to see if it’ll work but it don’t. Please fix this error. Love playing this game.
This is a really great game for anyone who loves Star Wars
Just an all out amazing game. Yes there is a pay to play element...but the perpetual engagement and Star Wars immersion is unreal! Nice job EA AND CG!!!
Games is my favorite to play. Join our the guild! We are very active and have a line chat as well. The plague. My name Chiefeerocks
You guys are purposely making it harder to play this game each time you add something new to the app. You brainwash everyone with free crystals and gifts then set the difficulties in pvp and territory wars just to get more money. I mean you guys are making allot of money as is from us lower folks. How about a little balance in your difficulty settings. I am finding it harder to play your games now. I’m sure I’m not the only one and sorry I can’t shell out money like others as fast as you would like me too. EASE UP on your difficulty settings. Lol.
This game has kept my attention for months where most games can’t do that. If you like strategic gameplay and Star Wars then this game is great for you. My only complaint is the slower progression
This used to be a game I enjoyed to play. Nowadays is a chore, made worse by money grabbing tactics and pure lies by EA/Capital Games.  Unfortunately Star Wars IP was conceded to this horrible company to explore.  With every content update, more and more demands on resources are pushed to players, while making it increasingly harder for F2Pers and even light spenders by removing the best values in game purchases and removing credit and crystal sources for players.   Just look the game's subreddit and you will see plenty posts, most of them with the highest scores, how many players complains about the developers toxic actions and how many are quitting or on the verge to quit.   For F2P, expect frustrating long grinds and being very behind the Pay 2 Play. For P2Pers, expect spending at least $500 per character in the game at least, besides many thousands of dollars for acquiring Mods (which is a key "accessory" for successful gameplay).   Stay away from EA stuff! 
I enjoy every aspect of this game. Unlike most games it doesn\'t take long to earn all the rewards and the events you can participate are uniquely done so it doesn\'t get too repetitive. Upgrading your characters is fairly easy and the option of having sim tickets really helps out a gamer like me who doesn\'t have all day to play games to proceed further in the game. If you love Star Wars beautiful soundtrack and great animation you will love this game. I haven\'t spent a cent and at level 47. Also if you get high leveled enough you get to fight with star destroyers how cool is that.
Nice
Probably the best phone game ever made. Although since the last update I am more unwilling to play. My SO and I both play and he was locked out of his account with the last update and has contacted support multiple times to try and get a refund or back into his account. They did nothing. Although we live in the same house, our games are on different time zones. So I regularly miss bonus energy. This game is super awesome, but to be honest I only continue playing because of my love for Star Wars and I don't have an Xbox to play battlefront. There are major oversights and they don't seem to care at all about their customers; just their money.
Great game to get lost in the Star Wars world. My only suggestion is to add more ships from the rebels. They are missing the Y-wing, B-wing, and my favorite, the A-wing.
With that info I’ll just skip over this game. Thanks for posting your review. Kept me from experiencing your frustrations!
Should be game of the year
Been playing for awhile very good game just needs a faster way to get sim tickets.
I love this game it’s awesome I recommend it to everyone who loves Star Wars!! So happy someone made this game😜😀
Please creators of this game read this. This game is pay to win, in order to unlock new characters you literally have to wait weeks for for you to earn enough gems to buy a card pack and even then there’s a chance you will get shards. Please make it so it’s easier to get characters
I rate this game a five because I love Star Wars and that you can be on the dark side or the light side and theirs boba   Feat he’s so cool
I love this game, but I’d love it even more, if there was some kind of Death Star Event!
I really love the game it’s super fun
The game is good but when I buy things from the store it just takes my money.
Really love this game, you can have fun and not have to spend major $ to enjoy this game. Patience helps! SO FUN! I would like to see an option to sell gear. Why do I need to keep 2000+ droid callers?!! 
This game is fun for a while, but you can never get anywhere without paying money. Later on in squads you get daily gems, but you just get kicked to the lowest rank in 1 week and its impossible to get back up. Also never buy the limited time data cards unless you got real money.
It would be nice if you put Padme from Geonosis as a character
The game is awesome there are no snags no glitches no lags but here one suggestion you should add kernic’s shuttle in the game and add general hux and his own first order star destroyer. That would be cool. But I recommend this game to any Star Wars fans out there.
The game is fun but sometimes I have a glitch and it takes me off the whole game but mostly of the time it's very fun iPhone the question five characters I think but it's very fun to work your way up even if it takes days and I just played for two days
Constant data update downloads outside of updates, always seemingly random, so always check the game before you leave WiFi. And it’s EA, so expect to always be C tier behind people that pay to win.
Update: I wish I could give this zero stars. I play because I'm invested, but EA uses every update to make the game more pay-to-play.   Galactic War used to be fun but since the update the last node is always severely overpowered.   Getting the characters you need for the special events takes months of grinding, and events are only announced a few days before they happen. You can either pay cash to get the toons you need, or wait 6 months for the event to maybe come back. But even then you still won't win (THRAWN!) because you don't have the gear or mods or abilities.  Original review:  I've been playing almost 2 months now. I've reached a point where my top characters need gear that is only available from Guild Raids. Problem is, there are three guild options: Uber guilds that are full, zombie guilds where the leader has quit, or struggle along with a half-full guild that tries to get started and fails when everyone leaves.   Well no problem. You can just spend $99.99 for the next character release! Except you still don't have the gear you need. EA, way to make another crappy money grab of a game. At least this time you didn't ruin a pre-existing franchise. 
Great game.
This game keeps me entertained for hours, the sound effects and graphics make it an enjoyable time.
EXTRAORDINARY PASS TIME!
The game is fun but the pay to play and expensive loot boxes are ridiculous. I shouldn't have to spend thousands of dollars to get a killer squad.
This game is so fun when you progress far, yet it is still amazing anyway!
One of Ea’s best games to date
Game crashes at start up, will change to a better rating if fixed.
I love this game!!!!!!It makes you pay energy to battle but I highly recommend it.you get to collect caricatures,sometimes good ones.this is the best game ever!!!!
Old school turn based rpg. Add Star Wars. That's a recipe for awesome, except it’s impossible to progress unless you spend money.  It’s alright.
The game was awesome until they made it so you had to do all the daily objectives in order to do get sim tickets. It dosnt make me want to play the game
This game is exceptionally well done and pleases audiences who have dived into the Star Wars books and every detail in the movies. I give this 5/5 stars!
Game is really fun.  But if you don’t spend money your gameplay slows to a crawl
This is a fun game. I’ve been playing well over a year. While I’m mostly free to play. I have spent 20-40 bucks here and there. But the latest update just makes me just want to uninstall and stop supporting mobile pay to win games. The new event starting on Dec 15 is impossible to complete free to play. While the last event that was similar, did require several characters to be max stars. And I did pay to finish one. I was ok with it as the character was available to farm from day one and I choose against it. This legendary event is simply impossible to complete without paying for not one but two characters at max level. The cost to max a character is $300 or so bucks per. And with two weeks to max 2 it’s simply impossible.   I’m a gamer and have been since pong. I don’t mind paying for games. But if a next gen game cost 60. Why would I invest even close to that for a phone game? And you wonder why even video game developers are going mobile. Mobile games rape you and its no longer micro transactions. It’s system prices. While some may say. “You don’t have to play or pay”. Well your right! I rate a fun decent game low. Because the company is using a great franchise and taking advantage of fan boys like myself. I’ll still play, but I’ll never spend another dime. Let’s hope for the share holders no one else feels like me 
You can’t get the good stuff, or the new stuff, it’s impossible. $$$$ have fun struggling on the rim waiting for the “trickle”
The game is good, except you should make it easier to get characters, a lot easier, and it should be like a real battle where you can block lightsaber swings and where you don't have to take turns to fire or strike. So, make it easier to get characters, and make the battles realistic, and I will give five stars wholeheartedly.
EA is becoming greedier by the day, forcing players (more and more with every update) to have to purchase in-game items for things that used to be included in  the original game
This is a great game.  Highly addictive. Love getting to level up and seeing the powers grow
Love this game
PRO: Have played free for 6 months, and have top100 arena and top50 fleet.  Resources are a slow, but steady grind.  Regular updates keep meta fresh.  CON: Pay2win is ever present, and is way too expensive.  Entire inventor of chars would cost $13k to micropay.  Only serious whales should even consider buying... it’s a slippery slope. 
Addicting
without fail it will crash upon launching the app, please fix this
This is the best Star Wars RPG I’ve ever played.
The most recent addition of Jedi Training Rey is an obvious money grab aimed at those willing to spend large amounts of money in the game. Typical EA move.
TL:DR either spend 6 months+ or 400$ to max 1 character  I have been playing since May of 2016. I don’t recommend the game to anyone that isn’t willing to pay a hundred bucks a month or spend over a year building up your roster to be able to do anything high level. There is a solid 6 months of daily grinding just to reach max level. There is a massive gear wall once you get in about two months that either you pay for gear or you spend a month or more trying to raise one characters gear level. They release legendary character with about 10 day notice to acquire the required characters at maybe 5 shards a day getting 330 to max the character is not possible with out spending. New non legendary characters are put on rotation each month for 5-10 shards a month if you don’t pay to get them faster. All in all either pay lots of money about 400 dollars for one new character or spend 6 months + to try and get them. 
This game is perfect for big Star Wars fans I am addicted
This is one of the best games I had ever seen
It’s ea so of course it’s gonna be a pay to win game.
It's a fun game, and friendly players in guilds
I sent an email trying to contact the app support but nothing, no answer, can't believe it  --- Nov. 23 Great game!!! But after the last update I can't even open it, crashes all the time ...please fix this! 
Typical ea shenanigans
It’s a great time killer.  Lots of positive changes recently.  Still highly pay to win if you want the newest characters at release.  I find a happ