内容
This is a great game except for one huge drawback. The screen on the iPhone X is too big for the game, the size of the game’s screen is half of what my phone is. PLEASE FIX IT
This app is super fun! Especially coming from me (an app playing 12 year old). Me and my friends do competitions for who can survive longer, art work is amazing, truly a stunning gameplay.
I can’t seem to refuel it with nightmare fuel, the only thing that can refuel it, So can you please fix the bug.
I have been playing Don’t Starve Pocket Edition for 2 years. But recently when I save a game and go back to it, a error message pops up and I’m forced to delete my file. Pls fix in next update.
This is overall just a great game. The graphics are fun and whimsical, the gameplay is challenging yet not overly hard, and it is something you can just hop in to at any time. Maxwell and Wes are hard to get, as the portal is not common, but that’s not to big of an issue.
It’s a very good game, I must say, but I have a few wishes. I would have bought the computer version if it hat no sweat mode like the iOS version. A second complaint is cave mobs. Depth worms can one hit kill you, making a deathloop if you dropped valuable items on death. Something else that should be fixed is the Bunnymen. They attack you if you have any meat, but they aren’t content with slaughtering you once, no, I’ve died at least 9 times to the same posse of 4 bunnies, even AFTER I dropped the meat! You should really. Fix this, if you please. The only option is to put them to sleep. Attacking them triggers the entire village, pan flutes take too long, so the only way is to eat a mandrake, a non-renewable resource! All in all, fix the cave mobs and I’ll give it a 5 star. Make no sweat mode for computer, and I’ll happily buy it.  -Shraamper  EDIT: the mandrakes didn’t work; they still slaughtered me. 2 Stars it is, then. I also tried to overwhelm them with 5 pigs, but I still got wrecked! I guess I’ll have to give up on the caves.😓 Not to mention they are all trapped down there. I also tried distracting them with tantacles( I’m Wickerbottom) but it still failed. One of my caves are swarmed with depth worms, and the other is swarmed with bunny warlords. So now I’m stuck on the surface with most of my workforce of pigs sealed away. If I try to get my pigs out, they will see my meat and it will all start over again! FINALLY the mandrake thing worked! Dang that took awhile! 
A friend showed me this game and told me it was very good but it looked boring. Then when I downloaded it I couldn’t put it down. I would add a multiplayer mode though. Besides that, this game is worth every penny.
The ending was sad, but after hunting for clues everything make sense.. Maxwell and Charlie.. and the last act.. There are unanswered questions like, Who is William? Why do the shadows/Maxwell go after people with the name starting with W? What happened to Webber? Literally how or why Webber is alive..  And what happened to Wilson? Did he escape? The fandom is freaking out and still shipping.. 
Great game but Could you code it so that all terrorbeaks and crawling horrors are non-hostile in the caves? I went way down to the ruins and died 😭 but really, great game! Keep it up!
I had low expectations for this game but after playing, I realize how great it is .It is so similar to console  version. It isn’t something slapped together, but thought through for every aspect.
It’s a great fun and adventurous game,  But one of my game slots had a corrupted save file and I don’t know how to revive it 
This game is a really good game but after a little while in i just got bored but good game for the 1 day I wasn’t bored.
I am loving the game and all its glory, but my one gripe for it is the touchscreen controls. It does its job, but when trying to navigate the woods, there’s a most likely chance for you to stop to collect or cut some trees down for you to drag on an area of land to start walking again since pressing anywhere on the screen to continue forth gets halted by the trees which triggers your character to comment on what you tapped. This is very minor, and it could be just me, but I would suggest maybe a pad for you to walk on the screen (if you can afford the space).
I love the game but I really want pets
I really enjoyed this game, but one thing i have issues with is the building of walls. If there was a better way to place them so they fit together ill rate 5.
It's really fun
Using a controller is almost necessary, especially when fighting, but to open the map you have to click the shoulder buttons simultaneously.  The problem is that it turns the camera either left or right and again when closing it. This makes it extremely difficult and frustrating to navigate and I end up running in circles.  The easiest solution is to just make the map turn on button release, instead of button press. That or let us change the button mapping. 
I wish when you can add a thing which can make us play together ? I really really just want this one update and everything will be perfect....
Can you pleas add multiplayer
On PC obviously more content is added but I do wish the developers implemented those in mobile
I just got this game and was excited to play it, but I got a warning error when trying to make/load a world, please fix, or might reconsider
I really really love this game! A few things you could fix is that when you want to build walls you go into a square menu and you can place the walls exactly where you want. Also.... PLEASEEEEEE ADD MULTIPLAYER MODE!!! Or, at least make a mobile game based on don't starve together. I would totally buy it!!!
It's so good and I LOVE IT. If I could rate up twenty stars I would give it 19 stars!!!
I've sunk hundreds of hours into the PC version, and I've already sunk a bunch into this. Controls are a little iffy in tight situations, but all in all, the best survival game and my favorite iOS game.
I love this game and it works really well with iOS however I think there's a bug with beefalo where if you have enough health to die within the next hit to a beefalo you will die without it needing to attack you, I died 2 times to this and left me wondering how I died without it attacking me or without getting up close to me. I still love the game but this might be a bug.
Ok first of all it's a great game.I was always hoping this game would come for iOS.i downloaded this game on my old iPad 2 and it didn't work. Then the most recent Christmas I got an iPad mini 2 and I downloaded it and it works! The game is so smooth and has great graphic features. If your looking for a adventure/survival game don't starve is right for u. If you like this one you may also like dont starve shipwrecked.Even though u have to pay for this game it's so worth it if your a don't starve fan or a new fan.Anyway I totally recommend. Gotta go now CYA and enjoy don't starve.
graphics, gameplay, and controls are top notch in this game. keep up the great work!!!👍🏾
I love this game sooooo MICH but if you’re really far and have so much progress to just want to destroy your phone when you die. I have one suggestion PLEASE MAKE A DONT STARVE TOGETHER❗️ that would be so fun.
The controls are pretty decent but it runs a tad buggy at times and crashes periodically. Maybe this is due to poor optimization on the new iPhone ? Also, no iPhone X resolution/aspect support which is a bummer. I’m sure it’ll be updated soon though so maybe these issues will fade.
Really interesting game but I wish there was a tutorial for the basics.
This game is amazing at first I thought this game was to be a really boring game and I was wasting my money on it but oh boy!! I was so wrong this game is so amazing and exciting at first I died a lot but each time I tried again I got better and better so if you are looking for a game worth your money don’t starve is perfect for you, but one more thing is that can you please add a multiplayer mode because that will make the game even better😜
I want to play with my friends\family, please make a update  where your friends can join you in your game!! Also add more cool characters!
I’ve had to start over multiple times. There are zero customization options for ios. During winter you can’t move more than an inch from the fire or you die. Day 21-35.  So 13 in game days of just standing next to the fire. Seriously!?!? Are you freaking SERIOUS???!!! That is BORING!!! My guy went from happy, sane , surviving well to completely loony-tunes insane in one day of winter. Insanity in this game makes no sense. Instead of gaining sanity from eating, you loose it. I really wanted to like this game. The whole winter thing has really put me off it.  Don’t bother unless you like your tune to die. There is no tutorial, no help at all.  I really hate games that force me to cheat and look up stuff such as HOW to play their game. Would not buy again. Will not deal with this company again. Spirited Treasure 
I’ve been playing this off and on for a year or more now and it hasn’t got old nor have I beat it, and I’m still discovering new things! If every game were this interesting and in-depth we would all have no lives! Love the quirky Tim Burton-esque world and the humor infused into each character. Pure genius.
You guys should make a huge update were we can have multiplayer with others who have it on their phones it would be so fun
I absolutely LOVE this game! It would be even better if it had multiplayer tho.
After playing for a few minutes, the app does not allow the player to move in the world or choose objects in the building menu or the pack menu. Still able to zoom in and out while the game runs. Game still saves as well.
So I have dont starve (obviously since im writing this) but I tried the offload feature and uhh  I dont have the app available anymore  I can open it  But I have to go to the app store to do so...  Anyways I love this game  Blehhh 
This is a surprisingly well-made port! It includes most, if not, all of the game's features on other platforms such as PC or console.   One minor complaint I have is that you can't walk and hold the action button at the same time, sort of like holding the space bar on the PC.  Anyway, it plays well. No lag, silky smooth gameplay. I played for hours without my tablet getting a bit warm! Would recommend. 
There is a Meat Effigy Placeable by using wood I think,4 Cooked Meat, and somthing else.but you can only use the Meat Effigy as Wilson. But every time I spawn with any character I see this statue of this stone Wilson's head and every time I die I respawn from the statue that I spawned next to... It is very strange for the statue just splitting itself open, then I appear with some flint and rocks that fall on the floor.so I think this is INSANELY HORRORFYING FOR THIS NORMAL LOOKING STATUE RESPAWNING YOU WHEN YOU DIE BUT IT IS NOT HORRORFYING AT THE SAME TIME!!!!!!!!!!
I love playing this game but there should be a way to play with friends and you can survive with eachother and have some fun
Performance is fine everywhere except when you walk in fog
I want my money back >:(
I love this game it holds a little rage but it's still awesome the highest days I'm in is day 56
Great game! But needs don't starve together, like how on the newest update on Minecraft, making it able to join other devices
All I want is that it could go to multiplayer lan or internet world wide
Okay sto great game overall really but whenever I use a preset or change world opinions it doesn't seem to carry into the actual game when I start it up
Totally worth it, I love the characters and the game idea! Fav character is woodie, wigfrid and Webber!
Fun to discover all this game has to offer!
I love the game but you need to and multiplayer it would be soooo much fun playing with friends so please add multiplayer.
Interferes with game a lot and causes my to die for no reason
Don\'t Starve un juego en donde tu imaginación son los límites donde para sobrevivir tienes que comer donde para evolucionar tienes que aprender. Me gusta la temática de el juego los controles el misterio y la sencillez pero a la vez la dificultad de los mundos. El juego es obvio que al que lo descargue no tendrán problemas. Cosechas, construyes, cazas, exploras y lo más importante evolucionas. Don\'t Starve donde tú técnica es tú supervivencia... Att: A.G.A
I absolutely fell in love with this game for the art style and mechanics behind it; It's simply gorgeous and has kept me entertained for longer than any other survival type games have. I HIGHLY recommend it. Even if you die in game, it's so much fun to start over and try again. It really hooks you. Love it.
When logging out with something burning, it will crash that world. Both worlds I have tried this on have had Woodie, this may or may not. But I want to be back onto my first Woodie run, and so far it has been kind of stupid.
Please add a joy stick for better controls and keep up the great work thanks for the game
Best Survival Game Better Then Terraria And Minecraft But I do Encourage You To Make Don't Starve Together If Not Thats Totally Fine Because Its Still A Great Game Good Thing I Found This On The AppStore 😀
I love it
I love this game; it has an infinite replay value for me and has kept me entertained for ages. The only thing I wish they'd fix is that one cannot listen to music or audiobooks while playing. If they were to fix this minor flaw this game would be, in my opinion, the best game on the App Store.
I love this game but There's no multiplayer and I would love this game even more if there was so that's why I gave it four stars and if you do add it can you make it so when you die you can be revived and you look cooler when you are like the real game? So that's but it's still really cool
I love this game it's amazing
Bug: Full moon only works if you re-enter in the game. I\'m playing a perpetual night world where getting s full moon is a saving grace. And if you re-enter in the game to get the full moon effect, it doesn\'t go away after the full moon has past. So if wear pigs are chasing you, they never change back.   I\'m listing all the negatives here but I\'ve played this game for many hours and enjoying it.   Some cons I found: - Cooking and eating is tedious where it takes 5 actions to cook and eat something. And you must have an empty slot.  - Hard to attack specific targets. I was attacking some hounds when they were attacking lightning goats. The attack button locked on the goat so both agroed on me. I had to book it out of there.  - The build menu is a bit fiddly. Sometimes you can\'t collapse one section and expand another without exiting first. The game pauses when you open it so it\'s not a big deal. - Can\'t really multi task. While I was using the virtual joy stick, I wasn\'t able to open the map without stopping first. Not a big deal until you are being chaste by a wear pig and trying to find where the beefalo are on the map. The pig killed me because of it. 
GREAT GAME, just wish the glitch where you can't touch, move, or do anything at all  unless you have the move joystick is on, would be fixed, I give this game 4.5 stars, but apples don't work like that
I really like it but, I think it should have multiplayer, like don't starve together. But overall a very good game!
You guys Made a da$@ good game
Game is amazing and I love everything about it but I\'m having an issue were, on day eleven of relax mode my game starts to glitch and without even having to do anything at all the game crashes. I still love and enjoy this game and I know this review will be lost in a sea of many others but I would like to maybe see this issue get fixed please.
Great
This game reminds me a lot of mine craft. But I don't really like how it doesn't allow u to save your stuff in chests or anything at the very beginning. Other then that I think this is a pretty decent game to play when you are in the mood of survival.
This is so fun. It's addicting too.u need to get it
I LOVE this game and I always play it 😃😃😃 I like how it is like very old style characters!!!
The game is great and I love playing it. The graphics are awesome and the things your guy says are hilarious. I also love all he strange characters and enemies too. Some people say they don't like the controls. What you can do is change it to a joystick option. Great game!
The game is a lot of fun, but I have ran into an issue with the custom worlds. When I tried it a couple updates ago, it worked fine but now it\'s deleting everything I did in custom and does input it in the game. Please fix!
Title is self-explanatory. It would be five stars if i could
I love the game, and I hope there will be a Don't Starve Together: Pocket Edition. Keep up the good work! 
Thank you for fixing the crashing bug now I can play this game on my iPad freely that\'s to you I have wanted this game for ever and now I can play it again keep doing more updates to this game like mobs new crafting but this game is cool,fun,and actually can teach things thank you😄😄.
This game has kept me satisfied for hours on end and even if you think there is only so much too it, you unlock a new character (which always gives a nice rush)or a boss spawns,m. There's even a way to beet the game which is nice to try too do(although I haven't done it yet. Ps USE THE WIKI TO HELP YOU IN THE GAME OR YOU WILL DIE.
I've had this game for at least a month now. Very fun, extremely addictive, and actually challenging (so, not too easy).  (O, also, I do wish Don't Starve Together existed on mobile devices. Or just some way to play this game with others) 
To be clear, this is easily my favorite survival game on the App Store currently. Don't Starve molds strategic reasoning with splendid, randomized resource variety through an experience that is alternate and yet EXTREMELY enjoyable. I've been playing the mobile version of this game for several months now, with relatively few issues. Along with learning the diverse ropes of survival in a world seeded with evil, I have been observing the overall functionality of the game. From my previous experience of playing the PlayStation 4 version of the game, the mobile edition fares fairly well in that field, allowing the player to utilize both the Pickup/Attack buttons near the status bars, and simply tapping on objects for interaction. Conclusively, an all around great game.  So then, you might ask, why haven't I clicked the fifth star as yet? Well, I myself, am a fan of smooth-performing games, and, for while, that was EXACTLY what Don't Starve was for mobile. In fact, to my perspective, it ran substantially faster than the Console version of the game! However, lately, I have been observing that while creating new worlds, the screen tends to violently buzz and shake whilst I am moving around, as though under a frame rate drop. This occurred multiple times in multiple worlds until I eventually discovered the not-so-fast solution of activating Battery Saving mode. It completely nullifies the shaking effect, but runs the game at a slower speed, making all of the in-game features seem slow and significantly more dull in comparison to no Battery Saving mode. (I don't know if this issue is universal to all devices, or just localized to my iPad Mini 2 alone.)  As stated previously, it IS a SOLID game, without a shiver of any doubt. It employs mechanics of survival that are not found in any other survival-based games. It's just the issue addressed, while not major, becomes a cruel annoyance after a period of time. Once the issue is resolved, I will deliver a full, unhindered 5-star rating to this game.   A Handsome and Hearty Thank You!!! 
I\'d forgotten how boring and frustrating video games were in the 90s when you only had one life and no saves. This game reminded me.
Please add don't starve together cause my sister just got the game and she doesn't really know how to play and I'm legit a pro and it's hard to teach her how to play it would be easier if you just put together into this instead of making a whole new app and also it would be cool if you can access the console but only in no sweat mode or just enable cheats in the settings please add muiltplayer and the console cause I would love to see these cause then I can make YouTube videos cause it's kinda impossible to make videos with out days of work.. Okay bye thanks!
It\'s a great game and it\'s the game you would want to play if you want a challenging game but I think they should at things from don\'t starve together so the mobile people can have as much things to do as the players on don\'t starve together Kiel should add things like multiplayer and more items and enemies to kill and more things to make and craft and house and furniture and more food and pets and the limitations are endless Kiel you should make a big update with the things I mentioned and more
Pretty entertaining
The game is working perfectly now! Thanks for the speedy launch crash fix!
Gr8
I used to play this game on the computer a bunch and when I saw it on the iPad as a pocket version I was thrilled and it definitely just as good playing on the pocket version than playing it on the computer. Try it out, you won't regret buying it for $5 (Spent $20 for the pc version).
I want to enjoy this game, but it\'s positively infuriating that you make it impossible to listen to outside audio while playing it. It\'s just a nonsensical design choice in an age where folks listen to podcasts and their own music while using a smartphone. If there\'s a workaround, I need to be made aware of it because I can\'t bring myself to play this without being able to listen to my own audio.
My game won\'t even open! Every time I try to open a world I have made, the game freezes and it gives me this forum thing. I can\'t figure out how to fix it! I even tried restarting my iPad! If I could play the game, and see how it is, I would probably give it a different amount of stars! I want my money back. 
I wish this game didn\'t throw you straight into the game. I have no clue what to do and I keep dying. I wish it would tell me what to do for a bit! Overall good game, but I still have no clue how to not starve
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME
This app is boring and stupid
creat game but whene i try save game crash 😫😫😫😫😫😫
Thank you for the quick iOS 9 fix!!  Game runs perfectly now. If you are at all interested in survival/crafting games, this is a must own. Easily one of my favorite games. 
This games is literally hours of fun and always a new experience every time you play, it'll never get old , job well done !
Definitely worth 4.99. Hours and hours of intriguing content. Do yourself a favor and don't look up any guides or wikis for this game. Learn and discover for yourself to stretch the fun out of the experience.
Don't Starve is an amazing game mainly because I'm always running from something and building something new which is always exciting and I find a boss or two in my games which makes a new challenge against my survival. I have no bugs or glitches in game which makes my time more enjoyable
I was on like day 12-17 and I went into a sinkhole... with a backpack. I explored and got some nice stuff. I tried to go back out of the sinkhole and it said error vcgjcngchmchgfhcbackpack it said weird stuff not random things like that but the point is I had to delete that world. Now a few days later after that happened they update it saying they fixed the backpack glitch. Yayer this game is really cool and strange(especially the controls) thanks and bye
After last update the game is unplayable.
After updating it with the backpack fix, the game no longer loads. After this is fixed, I might refrain from updating any longer. I have a feeling that further updates are just going to create more problems for an otherwise flawless game.
Played this game a lot..  Died a lot..  But had fun trying to outwit it.. Now I can't even open the game..  Please fix!  ❤️
I love this game but for some reason my sound is not working. I checked the settings and it says everything is full volume.
Their is a huge problem the recorder no longer saves please fix it.
Update! Backpack Crash fixed. Love it! I can start a new game, but once I leave the app I can't come back and open a saved game. Posted bug in forum. Previous versions were quite good, so I hope this gets fixed. 
I can't open the game anymore it keeps crashing and it's driving me nuts the day before it was fine and now that the backpack update was fixed I can no longer play the game please fix it soon I really wanna start playing but other than that the game it amazing I'm loving it
is fun and i know that u fix the crash but when i was playing the game it got freeze and when i got out my phone almost have to go to a shop and fix it because it just got freeze then i turn my phone off finally it got back so came u guys fix that and the game is fun
OK Don't starve was and still is a great game I'm really happy with the new easy mode because now my younger cousin can play and she is only 7 ( I am 12) however recently after the Backpack update although I never noticed the glitch with the backpacks now I can't even open it up because it just crashes.      Klei PLEASE fix this because I love playing this game and now I can't 😿😿
Only problem with this game is there is no tutorial I mean little boy would take more time I can barely figure out the game but I'm still giving her a five stories
Can no longer play on my iPad mini w/ iOS 9.3.5 after last update :(
I can't go in the game anymore I'm always crashing and getting kicked out. I still love the game if I could play it at least. I just hope you could this
Ever sense the backpack update it crashes as soon as you open the if you fix it it would be amazing
This is a great game and love it so much. It even came with the reign of giants pack that is usually dlc for the computer edition. Shipwrecked is basically an add-on to the game that also come with reign of giants and the regular don't starve for the same price, so I would say get shipwrecked.
Looks like I can play my saved games again when using the backpack!  Thanks Klei!   Changing this to 5 stars since I've been addicted to this game for the past week.  I'm truly surprised (and I suppose impressed) by this game.  Every time I think I've figured it out, something else comes into play and I go *groan* ... something else to deal with? AGGHH!    I've purposely not looked at websites which tell me how to play the game.  It's very fun to experience everything as it comes unexpectedly and try to figure it out! 😅  -----  Old review:  Good game, but crashes when I have a saved game with backpack or go in a sinkhole with a backpack.  As a workaround, I used a Bluetooth joystick.  This changes the HUD so the backpack crash issue doesn't occur.    Raised my rating from 3 to 4 since I figured out this workaround and can play again. 
I just recently downloaded this on my Xbox, and I flipped when i saw it. Just one problem the berry bush texture is glitched when you dig it up
Make don't starve together that's all I ask
Game crashes with latest update, never had a problem before. Phenomenal game and an excellent port that works very well on the iPad. I was wondering, is the any way to link your Reign of Giants world with your Shipwrecked world on the IPad? Thanks for bringing this game to mobile and thanks in advance for your reply.
The game is really good but with multiplayer many more people will play it. 👍
I absolutely love this game and never have been big on games like Minecraft or Terraria. I keep going back to this one though, over and over. There is so many possibilities when playing and I love how each time you start a new game, it is different. Ah, the joys of procedurally generated levels. There are still several areas of the game that I haven't even discovered yet due to how big the environments are. Hands down, if there is one game to try on the App Store, it's this one.
I am playing as Wolfgang and then my game gets corrupted I don't know if it was my piggyback or just a normal corrupt but I lost TONS of op loot and I survived for 71 days! Please fix it.
Make it easier to build rather than to click over and over.
A good port of the game to iOS, but I really wish it was possible to listen to music or a podcast while playing. I always play the pc version while listening to pot casts, and I don't understand why the iOS version has to mute all other audio while the app is running.
I would have given Don't Starve a 5/5 rating. It is very fun and entertaining, but extremely annoying because it is impossible. I have entered Adventure Mode, but this game should be called 1000 Ways to Die.   You should be able to save progress and return rather than starting from the beginning.  I use this on iPhone and the keys are finicky. Definitely a larger screen is better. 
Keeps crashing
I have huge fingers, I'm just impressed with how the touch screen works with the game, still playing all the versions anyway, keep it up!
I picked this game up a few weeks ago, and was intently hooked, but today, when I tried saving, exiting, and then coming back when my characters at the time were wearing backpacks, I was greeted with a screen that reads as follows:                 Warning!       scripts/screens/playerhud.lua:272: assign to undeclared variable ‘backpack’ stack traceback:      [C]: in function ‘error’      scripts/strict.lua:14: in function ‘__newinder’      scripts/screens/playerhud.lua:272: in function ‘OnUpdate’      scripts/frontend.lua:468: in function ‘Update’      scripts/update.lua:46: in function <scripts/update.lua:3> Exit game                                              Forum  These have been my two best worlds thus far, so if there's anything you can do to fix this or figure this out, I would be soooo grateful! Love the game! 
I'm a huge fan of the game on PC and I'm happy to finally be able to play it mobile now that I can use a controller. Prior to the last update I could not play because of how painful and badly designed mobile controls were. Many people say this game is a copy of Minecraft, however it is far from it, Minecraft is a sandbox digital Legos game while this game is a challenging survival game with a unique art style and interesting mysterious backstory to uncover and speculate about. Everything about this game, from the art and audio to the way the wildlife interacts with the player, has a ton of detail built into it. It is well worth the original $5 price (as long as you can grab a controller) and anything less is a steal!
I decided that I should mess with the options a bit. Then when I did the game kept giving me errors. Now when I look at the options I see that some options are missing. I don't know what is going on but please fix it. Then I will rate 5 stars.
It's addicting once you figure out what you're doing.
It's like a dream come true.
If you craft a backpack, your saved game will become corrupted.
I've never written a review before but I love this game so much I couldn't resist. I'm still a beginner but I'm already in love with it, even if sometimes it can be a little buggy.  ADVICE:  For those who notice certain creatures don't spawn often, you can always create a custom world. It's fairly simple. All you have to do is create a new game and select the 'World' button (If you're on classic mode there are harmful beings. The other mode is made for exploration, there are no harmful creatures involved.). After that, find the icon of the creature you'd like to see more in your gameplay and click the > arrow (on the right of the word 'Default'). That's it! They will spawn more often.  This also works with plants, seasons, etc. 
Ad multiplayer mode please
At first I didn't know what I was doing much but after 5-10 min you get what you have to do I like the animation also
This game was amazing the only addition I would like to see is multiplayer, finding a random player in the region to play with would group up lots of costumers because they\'d want to play with friends. I have no complaints about the game what so ever.
This game is amazing and the point is to survive for day to get ex to unlock new character! It's AMAZING I think it's worth it. It's up to you!
I thought you forgot about this app but it's nice to see an update once every what, 5 years? i still have glitches and bugs that are annoying every. single. time. 9 out of 10 worlds i make have no pigking (RoG). deerclops, bearger and dagronfly NEVER SPAWN. NEVER. i've only seen moose goose i don't know the reason behind that. the world generation is messed up it's supposed to be random but these are utterly stupid isn't there a way to make world gen be random but make sense at the same time?? all the paths become one ball that concentrates in one area of the map what's the point of roads that go in circle? using the pitchfork is a pain, you cant move if you have it equiped because it ignores the joystick. you can't have walls around your base because if an enemy is inside your base and you want to attack your character goes and attacks the wall like, why is attacking walls automatic? could there be a "dig" button below "attack" and grab" and only appears when you have a pitchfork or shovel that way you press it and it just digs the flooring below the character or with the shovel it digs the thing below the character that way you dont go to pick up a sapling and accidentally dig it because you were using the shovel.
07/16/17 EDIT: Got the Steelseries Nimbus controller to play DS on iPad mini (forget the version). The game responds perfectly to the controls. I highly recommend getting a Bluetooth controller to play this game. If not, that's honestly ok - personally, using a controller speeds up gameplay and heightens the experience. Especially if you prefer more enemies present than the classic/vanilla version. Thank you for adding the controller feature.  Don't Starve is one of my favorite games - for its aesthetic and mechanics. That being said, after playing online and on PS4 I was hesitant to try the iPad version. Controls for games on these devices can be awkward and sometimes controls don't translate well from other platforms. Klei is doing a great job with controls, though! Gameplay can be a little difficult in forested areas just using touch, which is expected. However, the added features for auto fighting/grabbing nearest items helps a lot. Seems the team has ironed out these issues well enough. I'm curious about the new controller feature. On bed rest for quite awhile, so this could be an investment I'm willing to make for this game.  Overall, it's a 5 star translation of the game and the work Klei has put into it deserves just the same. I would give it 4 stars right now just due to very minor bugs, but those can always be fixed.  One bug you may have already noticed - when you shovel out berry bushes, the image for them may glitch. I think it may only be for the bushes that have the long leaves (not the shrub one). Didn't affect gameplay. 
One of the best games ever. Hardly playable though. There's some sort of backpack glitch. Rather difficult to play the game without a backpack. Please fix!
The title says it all
Cant wait for don't starve together...nudge...nudge
You guys put a chill mode. That's so much more fun 😍
Incredible game with an interesting art style and smooth gameplay. Great controls and an overall good time every game.
I have played don't starve on my computer for a long time, but when it came to the iPhone I was skeptical about it. I thought the controls would be bad and gameplay would be different, but I downloaded it and to my surprise it was a great port! I recommend this game very much! It is just as good as the computer version.
This game is incredibly fun to play. The name basically says it all, except you also don\'t want to die a horrible and tragic demise(although that happens every time...). The controls are... different, but are intuitive and easy to get used to, and may just be better than any other kind of controls. The graphics are really neat, and at the same time the game runs incredibly smoothly. Playing the game, though, although very fun, is frustrating because either I\'m bad at it, or its impossible.
When I craft a backpack and either enter a sinkhole or save and quit and come back it gives me a screen with a bunch of code and i can't get back into that game.  Will update review once this is fixed.
I said "I know you guys worked hard on the touch controls, but please add controller support!" and you did. Easily 5/5 stars, best game on the App Store.
The update broke it I can\'t use custom anymore am trying but it is not letting me.
I am a huge fan of Don\'t Starve in all its iterations. I\'m hoping they release Don\'t Starve together sometime this year as that would be amazing. But as for this stand alone version I wish they could update it to make it even more amazing.  First, mFi controller support. I\'m used to playing this game on my PS4 and the touch controls are simply too slow for me when time is a critical factor between life and death. If this game could support it that would be a huge deal and make me reconsider my rating. (Read below for update to this).  Second (and this one is across the board on all versions of Don\'t Starve), basic info update on save files. Let\'s say I played the game several months ago for 35 game days then put it down. Part of my hesitation in starting from that spot again is I have no idea what I was doing. If there was a way to view your progress, what days I built what machine or defeated what boss creature, the season, a view of the map BEFORE I start playing the file that would be very useful and cut down on wasted time trying to figure things out again. Even better would be if you could leave a note for your future self when you save.  Just some suggestions I hope you find useful. Thanks again!  Update 07/13/17: Mfi controller support and an easy mode for new players has been added, will update my review further once I\'ve had time to check these features out fully. For now I\'ll increase my rating by one star because it makes me happy that Klei Entertainment listened to the gamers input and added controller support. 
It's good but this game has something missing like getting both games so I can go to shipwrecked becuase there's no crossing with the characters I want to play as other that would help
I purchased this game day one when it launched and it have been waiting ever since for controller support to be added. Thank you so much Klei!!
I am a big fan of DST but pocket version is designed  very sluggish. Multiplayer extreme 3D games like modern combat even run smoother than this! I reached day 300 and the game is almost always slo-mo !! Can you believe this??? The game suggest that you should have chose small world in the beginning while i only used default settings for the world. P.S. this is not an old device. I am totally unsatisfied and want my money back because of wasting days of time and effort of playing!! 
I LLOVE THIS GAME but I really think you should add commands so we can do silly stupid things and it would improve my experience for shipwrecked and rain of giants other than that I love this work of art and amazing game
Its a good game but it would be better if you can play with others
I love this game I just can't stop playing I have no problems with the game when I found out this game I hade  to buy it this game is so addicting I love this game and plz add multiplayer and that's all I hade to say👍🙂
Well I guess I just paid 5$ for a game that crashes as soon as I open it.
The best
I made it to the epilogue. Not worth the time. Replay value is from the difficulty beyond player control. I hope everybody that likes this game buries themselves alive for the challenge not suffocating presents.
This game is really addicting and difficult. I see a lot of other reviews saying they should add a joystick but what a lot of people don't know is that if you go to settings you can activate joystick for easier gameplay!
It's really good and true to the way the game plays on console but it could be better with multiplayer just like the original
You should buy it, it is cheap
I have spent many hours playing this game, my only problem is the beginning cutscene that takes you to the main menu. (I accidentally skipped it and now I don't know the story, if there is one) and also if you actually do look at the age range for this game 9 and up is what is needed to play this game because it  gives me nightmares!!😰😰
Good game but I wish they would make it to where you can play together with other people
I think they should have a multiplayer that you can search for games and add friends and play together
I wish there was a "doesn't Die" mode. I like all the monsters, but I am tired of dying. I want more then 3 touchstone thingies.
This game and shipwrecked was good but you need don't starve together also maybe lower prices
This game is by far one of the best games for anyone who likes exploring new things. I might not be the best in this game but I can sure you that you won't regret buying this. My friend recommended me to use this app called tutu app and they had a cheat for don't starve. It was a fun way to explore every characters so called "abilities" until it stopped working. I'm not mad because I get to have a fresh start , but I do miss my world that I had and now I can't get it back sadly.
...finding the metal potato thing is hard and sometimes impossible to find on the adventure levels on "Aprecado"(forgot the level name) and "the game is afoot."  Please fix the bug because I was going to beat one level of adventure mode and I had to kill myself and I don't know if I'll ever beat adventure mode if the metal potato thing doesn't appear on the levels.  Please fix this major problem Keli Entertainment!  I DID THIS LEVEL AGAIN AND GUESS WHAT!  THERE WAS NO WORM HOLE TO THE 5th ISLAND.  I CAN NEVER BEAT ADVENTURE IF THIS BUG IS IN THE GAME!  Sorry but this major bug makes me so mad 😡😡😡😡😩😤😤😩😤😪😭.  Can you guys please fix this problems because I really want to try to unlock maxwell.  Another thing can you guys please add the shipwrecked characters in this game please.  I wold like that in this game.😀😃  Another problems is the character quotes for ROG DLC and sometime shipwrecked.  The characters say Wilsons's quotes and sometimes they say someone else's quotes.  Please fix this problem Keli Entertainment. Please.😀😃😄 Other than that this game is Amazing people at Keli. 👍 😃 
This game is super fun and addicting totally worth it. More characters would be fun!
Great game that is fun to play. It may not be free but it is definitely worth the cost. I'm hoping Don't Starve Together comes out soon.
When I play this amazing game with obstacles, mobs, character, strategy, and quotes I find a few things off such as, Shipwecked and RoG needs to be merged, I found the seaworthy and I did tap on it finding what was wrong and I found that, you need the seaworthy mechanic in the actual game I will love to have this added and will constantly tell people about the game.      Things that need to be fixed, Mac tusk blow dart shoots and the dart has a missing name, a super rare bug happens when an axe or pic axe breaks it may say 0% and when you tap something the item is used for it will instantly crash the game. When beefalo are in heat in a big heard for the first time (day 21 winter) they don't produce babies. There needs to be a way to tell that shaved beefalo are in heat because I always find myself losing health when I shave a beefalo that later on then goes into heat.       Thank you for your time reading this and I appreciate you! Do everything you can but most importantly don't starve! Lol (no hard feelings or anything) 
I have literally played this game over 100 times, and it drives me crazy that it\'s so hard to stay alive. I\'ll spend hours collecting supplies, building a camp, laying in supplies, and then it will rain homicidal frogs, or a Deerclops will show up and trash all your hard work, or a random spider will appear at night out of nowhere while your health happens to be low, and boom, it\'s over. Maybe it\'s easier to play on a PC or game console, but on a idevice, this game drives me nuts. I both hate and love this game.
First off, this game is absolutely AMAZING! I love the survival aspect of this game and how the health, hunger, and sanity systems work. I also like how plentiful some resources are but others aren't as plentiful and can sometimes only be found in certain
Don’t Starve: Pocket Edition is a full port of the PC version, which means the only real difference between the two is the interface. Here you’ll tap or tap and hold to move, while tapping on objects will interact. You can also tap and hold to perform continuous interactions such as mining stone or chopping down trees. However, I think the most useful approach is to use one of the two buttons along the right side of the screen for attacking and interacting, respectively. For example, you can wander close to a tree and hold the interact button, then watch Wilson (or whoever else you might be playing as once you unlock more characters) start chopping. Once the tree is felled you can continue to hold the interact button and the various logs and sticks will be gathered up one by one. It’s a lot faster and easier than individually tapping on everything, that’s for sure. A few of the inherent problems from the original version remain, since they’re byproducts of Don’t Starve’s design and not its platform. These aren’t major issues, but newcomers might not enjoy being tossed into a hostile world with practically zero guidance. Even those already familiar with it might find the randomized environments a little irritating at times (where are all those stupid rocks?? Don’t Starve is one of my favorite survival games that I don’t play as often as I should because it’s so freaking hard, and Don’t Starve: Pocket Edition absolutely does it justice. In fact, I’m going to go out on a limb here and say that I actually think it’s better on the iPad because the tap interface allows players to interact a little faster and more directly. Really though, any version is fine because it’s a great game, but if you haven’t tried it yet this iPad port is a great place to start.
The people who created this awesome beautiful game that we all love today and all I want two say is thank you and thx for a fun time and I hope we could maybe get don't starve together with don't starve maybe
Regale el juego y resulta que la persona debe pagar por el juego cuando ya yo había pagado por el juego.
I love playing this game, but the problem is that there's no multiplayer. If there was, I would play this more. Please add it. ....... Ok, ok! Fine! I'll buy SW if you add multiplayer to this and also to SW. PLZ ADD 
I want to rate this game five stars because it's addictive, deep, strategy based, unique, an incredibly affordable price and so much fun! BUT...there is a horrible glitch that causes your controls to freeze completely while the rest of the game continues. As a game that doesn't allow you to save progress and makes you start all over again if you die, the desire to want to rage quit every time this glitch happens is strong. I've only had the game three days and this has happened twice. I won't update my rating until someone contacts me with a way to fix this issue or I'll just request a refund from Apple.
Aint the best but its ight
Can you put the Arabic language? We need a pen to write notes on the map. 
This game is addicting as heck and I love it. Even after building up a base and surviving for 89 days, only to have it ripped from my hands, I still love this game! But seriously my guys, it's been like almost a year since you put multiplayer on the computer. When you rolling it out on here? I'd seriously play no other game than this if multiplayer was in the game. And please don't make multiplayer a different game we have to buy again, just add it to this. If you make it a different game then I'll have lost a lot of respect for this company. However, I know you'll come through sometime 👌🏻
For most people this is not an issue, but I build my bases overlooking the ocean. This presents obvious problems when pengulls com to nest. But the real problem is that the game spawns about 12 full size pengull nests next to my base. The game lags to death and I can't even save, great game, but that really needs to be fixed
It's a great game, but can you please either add a option where maxwell's door is easier, or a option to add stuff to your inventory in the custom world area. Thanks!!!
Great just like it is for the PC and console. Hope DST comes in the near future so I can play with my friends who don't have a PC or laptop :)
You should add an option where you get to decide where the action buttons are placed. I'm getting tired of putting my left hand on the lower left side of my iPad (because I'm using the virtual stick button) and putting right hand on the upper right side. Imagine that, it's very tiring, right? I suggest this so that I will be able to put the action buttons on the lower right side, so that I can hold my iPad like a console when I play.
I give this 5 stars because I get no problems with the game. And it's just like the pc one there's like no different things about at all. Also this is a good game when you are bored.
Controls are a bit difficult on mobile but this game is awesome so it's worth it
This game is crap. You can\'t even craft anything! I WANT MY MONEY BACK
Reign of Giants all I gotta say
This is my favorite mobile game because it goes so much further in story and gameplay than others. I only hope that in the future there will be an easier way to plant and build things in line with each other. For $5.00 this is a great steal.
This game has no point. You run around gathering and looking for items, building contraption and weapons, and doing your best to avoid what I have now concluded is almost inevitable death. The list of items attempting to kill your character includes: hunger, insanity, weather, darkness, monsters, pigs, frogs, spiders, and cyclops resembling birds. Early on, the game requires you to play the role of a hunter-gatherer to survive, but eventually allows you to become a farmer for your survival. Despite the difficult and monotonous nature of the game, the more I play the game, the more I want to play. Each time you go play through and meet your ultimate death, you can develop a different hopefully more effective strategy for survival in the game. I have found that making plans on what you want to accomplish is the best chance at survival in the game. Anyway, this game is great despite having no storyline and being a nonsensical game overall. I give it four stars instead of five, primarily because it has no story and very little in the way of instructions.
I hope that they make don't starve together i really like what i have seen of maxwell in don't starve together I would really want to play with my friends
Like the title states, the game is great on PC but the controls make it a chore on iPhone. Things take easily more than twice as long to do on the phone as you wrestle with the controls. Inventory management is a nightmare. I simply won't play this on phone.  Get it on PC and play it there instead. 
Awesome game if addicted! ♥️. Great price totally worth it ! Just give it a try it's Amazing!! 😫♥️
Love this game for IPad. It's fun, and new each time you die, which makes playing it over enjoyable. You can customize the land, build, explore, and have different characters. I think this game is one of the best games for IPad, the controls are not bad in my opinion.
I love don't starve its so fun my favorite character is Webber
It's good, controls could be better. But overall don't think I could have gotten a better game for a whole dollar. Just wish they would update it more often. Then I would 5 star
No instructions, no tutorial, you\'re basically just running around clueless trying to figure out what to do.
I need a little instruction,and the game needs work.Sometimes tapping simply went off,if you wanna make it breathtaking by letting characters live once,you better work on this a little bit
Don't Starve is an amazing game and it plays pretty well on iOS, however, I was very disappointed with the lack of audio from outside apps. This is the kind of game that goes best with a podcast or music and it was strange to me that it was impossible to listen to a podcast while playing the game. This seems like an easy fix and one that would greatly allow me to appreciate this game more!
If you are reading this, please make this a update. I want the next update to make it that we can do don't starve together, it would work on LAN or online and there when you go make a world there will be a setting to go "together mode" and if you wanna join others there will be a button called "together," so please make this a thing PLEASE. Thank you for reading and if you make this possible, thank you so much, goodbye. [May 3 2017 EDIT] Can also please add the wood meter for woody it's hard to tell when the curse is gonna happen. Anyways that's all.
It's my favorite :) even though it can be a struggle you should get it
Really needs an option to disable touch controls while the joypad is active
This game needs to have the Don't Starve Together addition
I love the game but there is a bug were it crashes and doesn't save you progress it is the worst that is the reason for the low star        P.s is you like disappointing bugs download this 
Don't starve is a great game with a lovely art style. The game play is great and you need luck and skills. Would buy on Steam.
This game is so addicting and I play it every day, I love this game so much and I hope mor updates come!
somewhere between a rogue like and a great game..
Ok so I love this app it\'s the best game ever! Also I got up to day 55 don\'t mean to brag😏 but the but part of the title is a update should be added to play don\'t starve together because I want a small bird really bad and I can\'t get it without ether starving or letting it sweat so plzzzzzzzz add that klei !!!😄😁😁😄😁😄😁😄😁😄😁
I love this game there is always something more to do! It hard at the start but as you get better you are always finding new thing to do, make, or kill. If you do get boring you can play something ping else and then come back! Is my favorite mobile app ever!
Glad this amazing pc game came to iOS and even counsels great job very pleased only problem is no controller support please add this feature please
Me and my friend can\'t stop talking about this game! We\'re always talking about what to do next. It\'s so much fun!
I love this game it\'s so unique and fun!!👍👍  But I have one request can you PLEASE add god mode!!! 
This game is my favorite you don\'t need wifi to play and it is the same as the pc game of don\'t starve
I love the game but it is frustrating to keep the health the kidney meter and food and water can you just make the game a little easier
This game is really fun. I cant stop playing it! I just have a few problems: whenever I pick up a birch nut and my inventory is full, it won\'t let me do anything. Only birch nuts specifically. Also, hounds are extremely extremely annoying. Pls make them a little slower, or the characters a little faster. Also, maybe make shipwrecked an actual IAP. Other than that, and the fact that \"a cold reception\" is physically impossible as WX-78, the game is addicting!
The game is really fun it\'s open world there are so many cool creatures and items it\'s just the game kicks u out when u play it mostly happens when you have a big world and when the game is saving it kicks u out sometimes.but other than that everything else is fine just need to fix the problem where it kicks you out and you lose your save.
I really think the game would be better with multiplayer option included. However it\'s a great game by itself 10/10
Fantastic but it needs multiplayer!!!
The game itself is great, but the graphics on the screen are very blurry except for the icons.
If you get addicted to games even remotely easy DO NOT PLAY. You will spend ours of your life on this game it is now my all time favorite.
Why didn\'t you add ship wreak in this app instead in other app I am not paying the other app for shipwreck 4 stars
This is my altimeter favorite game I absolutely love it but it needs multiplayer. 🙄
This game is great. I haven\'t played it in a while and when I started playing again, there was a problem every third night the game crashes. I deleted some saves, start new worlds, and delete games but they all end up crashing. Please update this and fix it. Thank you
I got this game because a friend recommended it to me, but I easily became confused on what the point of the game was. There is nowhere that tells you what you are supposed to do or if there\'s something you need to find, etc.
Plays fine with other characters so far, but WX-78 crashes every \"night\" (game night) sometimes multiple times a night. I\'ve uninstalled and reinstalled the game with no improvement. You lose all progress made that day, so I\'m constantly quitting to save my progress. Very annoying. Otherwise an excellent game, but they need to fix this major bug.
It\'s a great game good fun for everyone... but I feel like everyone\'s missing out because of don\'t starve together isn\'t here. I feel as if this would be a great multiplayer feature to add to this app/game. After all 2 are better than one! 😜
Love the artwork and the $5 price is completely worth it. I enjoy this more than Minecraft.  Had some issues with some things being blocked but figured out I can use two fingers to rotate the view. Also figured out how to turn off night in \"world\" when starting new so I don\'t easily die.   Would LOVE it if they added multiplayer. Even as an IAP, I\'d pay for that.  Overall, my favorite game on the iPad. I end up playing until the battery is nearly dead! 
I love this game. Nothing more to say. I only want two things: 1. Everything computer has (saddles for the bison, all the monsters etc.) 2. LAN multiplayer. 
Honestly, this game is amazing. I play a lot of Don\'t Starve, and this is basically the same as the others. I love this game. The resource gathering is either relatively easy or actually fun (unlike other resource gathering mechanics *cough cough* Crashlands *cough cough*). It has a good fighting mechanic as well. Enemies spawn is specific areas and are usually pretty difficult. The characters have a lot of diversity between them, except for the fact that literally all of their names start with the letter \"W\". It also doesn\'t feel like my character is my crutch, which is something I hate about games with multiple playable characters. It has a good balance between resource gathering, fighting, bosses, trying your hardest to survive, making a base, exploring, and of course, not starving. Each mechanic, including the crafting, goes hand and hand. The humor is dark, just how I like it, and most importantly, it\'s fun! The only thing I hate about this game is the controls, which I hate less and less the more I play. It\'s great to those who enjoy high quality games. And to answer your question, yes, it is worth the $5.00 price tag.
You should either add a multiplayer option to this game or just make a don\'t starve together on the iPhone after a while I get bored playing by myself and I think it would be fun to play with other people
This game is awesome. Please bring out don\'t starve together on IOS it would be awesome!!!
This game is a must buy. Especially with the new joystick option. It makes fighting and exploring MUCH easier
I really love this game I do, but there is always one thing I wanted... a sandbox mode. Sure there are mods for pc. But a sandbox mode would make it even better. I would be fun to not die, spawn anything, and be able to experiment with the the game without worries of all your stats. I think that would the game a five starer
I wish there was multiplayer, or like, public group games. I love Don\'t Starve, but I would love to play with other people before me and the Don\'t Starve character go insane together. Maybe make Don\'t Starve Together as a separate game?
I love don\'t starve!!!!!!!
This is a one of a kind game. Even though survival games have been around for a long time, this I one of those gems that you come across. Even though the graphics have been down graded a bit which is upsetting, you have to do that to port over games. Over all this game is great and I love to see the developers have fun making a game not to be stressed about it. I can\'t wait to see what the put in next!
Just add a pad and it would be hands down 100% better
This game is so much fun!! I have played over games based on survival such as minecraft and Terraria, but this is by far my favorite. Although it is challenging, it makes it more fun!!
This is truly an amazing game but I think it\'ll be way more fun if you add a multiplayer feature so we can play with friends and family if this does happen I will rate 5. Thank you for making this amazing game available on the App Store!!!
Best game ever
Very good game, I would definitely recommend playing it!
Don\'t let the \"but\"(lol)make you not get the game.like I said it\'s amazing but the should make don\'t starve together witch I think you can play online and local
The game\'s great and all but just earlier I survived till day 34, died, resurrected by a touch stone but I saved and left the game. I came back and the selection screen said I had survived 1 day and it had given me a different map. 😞😤😠😡😡😡
This game is Probably one of if not my favorite games. I highly suggest getting this on the computer because you can get mods it runs smoother (I had a world that was so big and had so many structures that it lagged a lot) and it\'s easier to build and fight and click on stuff. But this game is still great and has all the features ( not counting mods) that the computer does/ other than a bit of clunky controls. And it is just so much darn fun and their is so much replay able content. What I love about this game is the amazing creative creatures/biomes/voice lines/ characters/ and so much more. And not only that for example I love Pokémon but if you just keep playing it gets so easy. This game is a challenge and stays a challenge with the temperature /hunger/sanity/and bosses. Which I love, also if you like this game I suggest getting the shipwrecked version. So in conclusion I highly suggest this amazing game and I hope u enjoy.  By: jack keane 
Great game. Had lots of fun playing this.
The only thing I need is a joystick and all will be good
I love this game. But I haven\'t played in a long time till today and it\'s been working fine till it started crashing. I have an old iPad and in the settings, it says it is up to date with iOS 9.3.5. Do I need to get a new device?? It was working fine before. :(
This game is a mix of Minecraft and 2d. This is better than Minecraft
Why is there no two players
YES! Thank you guys for updating this! Super happy and ready to play for hours upon hours. Super excited lol thank you guys. Please don\'t give up on this game.
The title is my question will it ever be multiplayer?
I really love this game but multiplayer wouldn\'t be a bad idea.
It\'s a really really good challenging survival game. The negative comments about the lack of a \"save system\" don\'t understand the type of game this is. If you die, you die. It\'s immersive. Don\'t get it if you don\'t like that.  Any complaints about the controls, I just can\'t understand. The controls are exactly what you\'d expect. I\'d even say intuitive, considering the lack of any real help or tutorial in this game.
I\'ve only been playing for a few hours but I\'m already hooked. I watched some youtubers play it and finally picked it up for myself. Well worth price
I love this game I am so glad you can get it on a mobile device and it\'s a really grate game you guys are doing grate on games can\'t wait to see your new games 😃
I\'ll like for you to add console commands because sometimes i want to mess around with the content of the game on ios instead of only playing on pc
Great experience and good game!
First let me say, I don\'t own and older device.  And I\'ve been playing don\'t starve on steam for ages.  I couldn\'t resist trying it on my phone.  But here\'s what I think...  It\'s frustrating to poke at the tiny icons and try and struggle with picking things up, toggling with actions etc.  The controls are a little off and some things just aren\'t the same.  maybe using an iPad is better but I dealt with it for a couple hours on my iPhone and now I refuse to play don\'t starve unless it\'s on my computer.  It\'s not like I\'m old and blind either...I\'m a young gamer and I just can\'t do this on my phone...it drives me bananas.  On another note I wish you could have multiplayer as well... 
Ipad 4 ios 10.2  All it does is crash 
Don\'t Starve is a really fun and interesting PC game, so when I figured out this was on Mobile devices, and that my device was supported  ( iPad air ) I was very excited to start playing.  Here are my thought of a rating of certain things about the game.  Visuals 10/10 With the grim, dark mood and simple cartoonish visuals, it really fits with the sounds.  Sounds 10/10 Very great sound port from PC, absolutely love how LOUD Wigfrid is.  Gameplay 9/10  The gameplay is very simple to figure out, but can be hard to do on smaller devices, such as a phone.  Thank you for reading. 
Plz add multiplayer because that would be sick
Lately it crashes all the time. I mean it use to crash every once in a while, but that was okay, because it saved. But now before the menu screen even loads it crashes. Please fix
Great
I actually first purchased don\'t starve (together) as a beta for my PC through steam. It came with 2 copies, one of which I gave to a friend and we both LOVED it.  I think the only disappointing part about the phone version to me is the lack of mods, or the ability to use the tilde key to active god mode, bring my companions .. or myself.. back to life.. but I do have to say, that playing it on the phone has made it much more challenging and given me more reason to try harder to survive and plan my runs more in advance.  Watch out for those tentacles and killer bees! ;)
Best phone game ever
It\'s an awesome games for PC, Console, and mobile, but it\'d be way better if I could use a controller on mobile
I WANTED TO PLAY ONLINE BUT THERE IS NO ONLINE OPTION SO PLEASE UPDATE THE GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
This is a really fun game I really enjoy it
Love this game but I would like it if I could use the keyboard for the iPad Pro and add multi touch so that you could move and switch items at the same time.
The UI is a bit rough to get used to..but the game is delightful..Reign of Giants adds great complexity to an already superb game
Mwah wah mwah mwah wah mwah wah wah wah mwah wah wah!
This game is amazing,. I\'ve been here since the begging and I loved it at first sight. I have the mobile SW and I was disappointed that it didn\'t transfer you over to the normal DT ROG app when you reached the boat. We definitely need DST for mobile and XBOX and PS4 I know you guys are working on the though. BUT PLS SW DST PLSPLSPLS
I try to turn on the music but all I hear is the in game sounds and my silent button is off
It\'s great experience to play Don\'t Starve on a mobile device. But occasionally it would flashback, and then for quite a while I would not be able go on playing. Hope that can be fixed. Except for the flashback, this game is GREAT!
This game works great for me, and I\'ve been wanting to play don\'t starve ever since I saw a playthrough of it online one day. The controls work just fine, and the only problem I\'ve had in the past few months or so are when the screen flashes black occasionally when it saves. Great game, I love it!
Pretty into this game! I wish the iPad controls were a little bit better. I\'m gonna try playing on a computer because there are a lot of times in the game where split second moving and selecting is necessary to survive. Making those moves on a tablet are impossible whenever there are trees or other selectable enemies around. Very frustrating. Other than that I\'m pretty much obsessed with this one.
Woodie doesn\'t work, he the were beaver starts at full wood meter and filling it doesn\'t take him out of were beaver so the only way to come out is to die.
Very fun and addictive game to play on the go. Great controls with only a few click bugs here and there, but overall very fun game. Hopefully we see more future updates.
The game is a lot of fun but without a save feature you are forced to start from the beginning which gets VERY boring after the 15-20th time!  Add a save feature option and it\'s a 5 star game.  For now I\'m deleting the game, when they add a save feature I\'ll reinstall it and give it 5 stars.
Please add a geometric placement Mod.
The game is really fantastic, but every time you die, you have to restart from day 1 and and collect new resources
Meyow
really great but please add rollbacks in options of a world
Yes I know it\'s supposed to be challenging, and the game world is amazing, but the fact that when you die you can\'t go back to the day before you die. You have to start from day one, and start all over finding, building, etc. Making that old hatchet and pick and chop chop chopping everything gets old. I would like to concentrate on the nuances of the game and not have to redo everything. Make it a separate mode, call it \"baby easy mode\" I don\'t care, but let me save the game!
the game is amazing and i love every bit of it. but there is one huge problem, sometimes when tapping out of the inventory when scrolling through it, the players movements will freeze and will be unable to move. time, mobs, food spoilage, and more still move on. this can be extremely annoying because theres no way to avoid it and its always random. the only way to counter it is to wait until autosave saves your immobile butt, then exit out of the game and continue.
I really love this game and I think having it be in multiplayer would be awesome!
Fun and intuitive survival game!
I knew I just had to try it. So I got the game and I live it. One concern; I\'d like there to be an icon where I can pick the background music as I play. My favorite song is probably the ragtime song. So please allow this. Other than the that, the game is great.
This game is probably best I have seen ever. I love it! I think you should make the eye bone easier to find, and also be able to trade with regular pigs.
Almost every time i try to un equip a hat the game locks up and i can\'t click on ANYTHING so i can\'t save my game so i lose my progress that i made for that day.
This is a very intelligently designed and artistically illustrated game.  After playing (obsessively for hours on end) for only a few weeks now, I have barely scratched the surface of this creative and fascinating little world.  I am not exaggerating when I say this is the most entertaining smartphone game I have ever played.  WARNING: this game makes you work hard to be able to save your game progress. If you die in the game, you may have to start all over until you learn how to \'reincarnate\'.  Thanks a million to the makers of \'Don\'t Starve\'.
The game seems to be all there but certain options aren\'t there and controls are very awkward
Don\'t Starve is more than I anticipated. I really enjoy everything about it. The ability to customize the world is great and allows you to make the game easier or more difficult. There is so much to do in this game, it\'s insane.  Warning: Don\'t Starve doesn\'t have a tutorial and doesn\'t walk you through anything. If you don\'t like games where you figure things out on your own or have to read on the Internet, this game\'s not for you. 
Phenomenal indie developers who have provided iOS users with the highest levels of post-release support. Thank you, Klei, for both seeing and treating iOS as a viable gaming platform. By the way, the art and sound in Don\'t Starve is second to none, and its gameplay is a near-endless exercise in entertainment and intrigue. Hats off! ***EDIT: Thanks for the continued support, Klei, and for quickly addressing the iCloud issue. These are the devs we should support in iOS.
And just found out you\'ll be adding a joystick soon like shipwreck. Can\'t wait! I\'ll be playing shipwrecked until the joystick comes because once I got used to playing it that way I can\'t go back without a virtual stick. Thank you in advance. Update: you added my most requested control the virtual stick thank you so much!
It\'s highly addictive so beware.
I would like to see a gaming controller option for this game!!! It change the lvl of comfort while u are playing.
Great game, but the virtual stick needs to be adjusted. If there is something behind it that you can interact with, than that will take priority over moving. It\'s a pain to deal with when fighting monsters, I\'ve died a few times because of it.
Awesome value, I love ittt
This game takes the sandbox genre,and really drives in the survival element. The stakes feel real,being thrown out into a cold world,to fend and explore for yourself. Would recommend to any hardcore minecraft survival fans!
I love DS and I would give this mobile version 5 stars if the method of movement wasn\'t so flawed.  Touching the screen to get the character to move around results in errant events constantly.  For instance, I tried to move around my base and accidentally touched the tent and slept without eating first and couldn\'t eat fast enough upon waking and died.  Tried to shave a Beefalo and while trying to move close to it accidentally touched it which attacked it thus aggroing the herd on me and I died.  Moving in crowded biomes like forests results in the character \"looking\" at everything.  Kiting an enemy is nearly impossible in crowded areas and results in death too often.  I have a character on ps4 over 400 days in but I can\'t survive more than 30 or 40 on pocket edition because I keep dying stupid deaths from the way the movement is implemented.  Implement Bluetooth controller support and I\'ll change my review to five stars.  Otherwise not worth the frustration to spend time playing only to die stupid deaths. 
I love this game on PlayStation and my iPhone so when I couldn\'t play music I was upset! Please fix this (might only be on 7\'s idk) FREAKING LOVE YOUR APP👍🏻💪🏻
I love playing this game so much. When I first started I thought it wouldn\'t be up to date with the computer don\'t starve but it was and it came included with RoG. One bug I would like you to fix is that I try to connect to iCloud but it won\'t let me. Also if you guys could make Don\'t Starve Together pocket edition I would be thrilled.
Like it says awesome mobile in its own right,but if you have the opportunity just get a pc version so much better overall. Don\'t starve together is awesome with friends.
What you expect, a don\'t starve game like the computer one the only thing is you can\'t play online and you will get bored playing by yourself for a while I hope they add online to make it 1000x more fun please and thank you
I reviewed before but I will again. I\'m still finding out new things with this game. It is without question the best game I\'ve ever bought for my IPad.
Never herd of this game till I saw it in the App Store and my friend told me about it. I\'ve been looking for this game for a long time. Finally found it. Better than hoped. Best game.
I dismissed this game when it first appeared in IOS and I just downloaded out of boredom. After a couple of days playing it I regret nothing. Day 3, I downloaded steam into my Mac and downloaded the whole package ( DLCs and everything else! ). Well done Klei!
Game quality exceeds expectations and really doesn\'t differ from the steam experience. Rather, it improves it as am now able to play this wherever I go.   As a possible improvement, since we have an attack and gather button for the right hand, wouldn\'t it make sense for the left hand to be able to move the character in all directions without having to reach all the way to the other side of the screen? It feels clumsy when I have to move right and my left hand\'s thumb is blocking the center of the screen. Especially problematic when fighting enemies. A hold and drag system could possibly improve things? 
Icloud error! Please fix the bug
I\'ve been obsessed with this game for a couple of years now. It\'s creative, surprising, customizable and funny. Discovering everything you can do and make is supes fun.
Don\'t Starve is dearly one of my best games ever owned. The five dollars were worth it, and I\'m normally not too keen about spending money for apps. But this game. THIS GAME. I own this on my desktop already, and I still can\'t get enough of it!  Thanks, Klei. You\'re awesome. The Don\'t Starve series is worth my time and money. You now own my wallet. Keep this going. I believe in you.  Your pal, -Smash 
It\'s a awesome game don\'t get my wrong but there is no multiplayer but here is an idea, Minecraft teamed up Microsoft so you can log in as your Xbox account and Don\'t Starve is on the Xbox so you could link it both up and play with friends. For people who want to start a channel but don\'t have a screen recorder, Don\'t Starve has one pre-installed. When you want to play your music, you would have to plug in your earphones then press play to listen to music but for people who don\'t have it will just be annoyed with the same music but me personally I\'m fine. I wish there was more characters because it\'s fun to see what the characters\' powers are. For the build menu the buttons are too small and should have a customization for the size you want it. The Greatest Game Ever Made. Oh and a new idea how about a Don\'t Starve in space or something
So I\'ve seen the Don\'t Starve played by YouTubers and I thought it was interesting. So when I discovered it was an app I just had to get it to see if I, myself, would like it. Not surprisingly, I loved it. This game is great with the creepy feel to it. It kind of has a Tim Burton type feel to the art and it was great.
I can\'t add fuel to the fire place I press add fuel and my character moves I do have the control stick on but it\'s very hard to add fuel
The game violently crashes every couple minutes. Other than that please just amp up the graphics a little bit and you\'ve got a number one game.
I love this game it\'s awesome and I\'m debating on getting on steam or my PS4. I\'m giving it 3 instead of 5 because the game doesn\'t recognize my iCloud account since the last update. That really needs to be fixed I play this game on my iPad and iPhone.
Thank you for adding my suggestion
Plz add controller support
I love this game, but I have one little flaw that aggravates me a little. Whenever I log into the game, it will turn off my music currently playing and force me to listen to the games soundtrack. PLEASE CHANGE THIS.
The joystick and battery update were so needed! I love this game
Really into open world survival types and this is the ideal game for that genre. Just started playing and am in love with the graphics and little to no help in beginning to make it that much grittier. Definitely purchasing shipwrecked after I complete this one. One last thing, really enjoyed the  addition of the joystick, makes movement flow muchsmoother.
The original Don\'t Starve is an amazing game in almost every regard. Now, making it portable? An attractive idea, but risky. I spent several days hesitating on the urge to purchase this app-- I dearly loved my Steam copy, of course, but I didn\'t know whether or not I should invest more money into a potentially disappointing mobile version. Well, if you\'re experiencing the same qualms as I did, worry no longer. Don\'t Starve: Pocket Edition upholds the legacy. Unlike many second releases, very little is removed from the original game here. The map is smaller, and, as expected, the controls are different (more finnicky, too, but that\'s really my only possible complaint), but the content is virtually the same, and just as fun. Now you don\'t have to wait to get home to continue your struggle for survival. The experience is right at your fingertips, eager to delve back in once the daily routine starts growing a little dull. I give DS:PE a full five stars, and wish Klei great luck in keeping up the quality of their entertainment.
I just saw the update change log and saw a virtual joystick being added, can\'t wait to dive in now.  Also is Klei Entertainment beta tester transferable between platforms, Had the late great Note 7 and now have the 7+ 
Love the game, but please fix iCloud saves!
5 stars overall but I do have one problem with this game which is you can\'t play with other people as in multiplayer
i try to connect to icloud so my progress doesnt get deleted if my phonr breaks it wont even work
This game is fun but it\'s a real pain in the but when you die and lose all of your stuff for example when your in day 46 with a giant base and you lose everything it gets really bad when you can\'t save your progress when you die so that\'s why you should console commands like in don\'t starve on the pc so it\'s like creative mode for people who don\'t like surviving and to just build and have massive amounts of fun by spawning items and giant monsters.btw having no console commands is bs it\'s fun to cheat every one knows that.please add some servers for multiplayer and a respawn feature because my brother never plays with me never and he said this game is to hard and that you die so easily and lose everything so please add these commands like /respawn and spawn where you first started the game and also /item(blank) to spawn anything and for monsters or animals /(name of monster) (how many)
I love this game and have been playing it for quite some time and I play on multiple devices but ever since I got the new update I can no longer use iCloud. I\'ve tried deleting the app and turning off iCloud but it still will not let me share my save between devices anymore. All and all a good game but needs to have a major flaw fixed.
Best graphics ever, not to mention that this makes other games like fnaf stupid. ( Even though fnaf is stupid by itself) the game drains your battery though. Just charge your phone. Also with lots of characters there not much of any limit of fun. BEST GAME OF 2016👏🏽
I have been waiting for a power saving mode for a long time. Finally we get it. The game use to use so much power. Now I want to be able to play and listen to music at once.
I just don\'t give five stars because of two things: - it doesn\'t support external controllers. Even if just for walking it would be very, very fun.  - my iPhone SE gets extremely hot with just a few minutes of gameplay. And the battery drops like crazy.  The game itself is awesome, I have on my ps4, I have it on my mac. But those 2 issues are very disappointing for me. 
Love the game but latest update disables the ability to use icloud backup :(
I love the game but you should add customization options to the characters
Beautiful fame easily worth the 5 dollars
The game is super fun, and good for its price, the only problem (in my opinion) is that the movement is hard to control, and when you walk up, you can\'t see the screen, so please, PLEASE add a movement joystick.
The environment is stunning, and gameplay is challenging while still being fun.
I get to the end of a day and, boom, im back out of the game, this happens over and over, in every saved game or new one. Also, I\'ve had saves corrupt and be unusable. So frustrating for such a great game!
Game is fun but cant get past day 10 because the game crashes so much at that point.
The only thing I would do to improve the game is to get rid of the attack button. I was on day 130 and I accidentally hit a beefalo herd and died.
I love this game. I get on it whenever I have nothing to do and in my free time. It is so fun never gets old. It is totally worth $4.99.
This game is so fun I really do recommend getting it.  I really think it never gets boring. It is a cool idea for a game and very fun. I really like the animation in it.  I also really like how you get to unlock characters.
Sometimes I want to listen to my own music but the app itself cuts off and has its own music which is fine but whenever I\'m grinding resources or waiting the night I want to hear my music. The controls are delicate but they aren\'t so delicate where it\'s impossible to play, improving them would be nice
I\'m so happy this is a mobile game. I loved it on my PC and now I love it on my phone.
There must me a better way to make everything work. Awesome game.
THIS GAME IS SO ADDICTING!! I like the controls, they are pretty smooth and easy to get hang of. The graphics are neat, and I really like the crafting feature, too. The crafting reminds me of Minecraft, for some reason. I was surprised that I got instanly killed, when my campfire ran out, by something. Overall, this is a good game and made number one on my Best Game of The Year list.
I just got it and the controls are easy and this is a very good game you should try it
The presets are a great idea tho when I try to make it so no monsters can spawn and try to make it only day it doesn\'t work
I\'m a longtime gamer -- I\'ve played on every platform you can name going back, well, to a tiny green screen 64k version of MS Flight Sim. I do a lot of research and try to only play the best. And at $4.99, this game is a bargain. It\'s a great port from PC that works remarkably well on the iPad, and even on the iPhone. Be prepared to die, die, die. And die. But every death teaches you something new and brings you back with new things to try. And the player really get an incredible sense of accomplishment the first time surviving five days, 10 days, 70 days, 100 days, my god! Just a lovingly crafted game, charmingly detailed. A few issues with the port and occasional unresponsiveness -- a clean touchscreen is essential -- because in a tight situation that can mean a frustrating death due to something silly like slight inventory mismanagement in the dark. This isn\'t a game for people who give up easily. But the sense of discovery is endless, replay value is through the roof and the challenge will keep you up at night. Addictive for anyone who loves a maddening Rogue-like challenge. To those about the die, \"Don\'t Starve\" salutes you.
Jogo de sobrevivência básico, mas muito divertido e viciante, além de interessante. Mesmo morrendo tantas vezes não frustra, só dá mais vontade de jogar. Um detalhe também que pra mim como fã de Tim Burton é sensasional, é o fato de todo o cenário, ambientação e personagens serem similares às criações típicas do cara. Simplesmente amei, e recomendo sempre que tenho a oportunidade. 💜
I love the game it\'s amazing. I love playing it except every time I make a chest, and open it, the game closes it\'s self. Sometimes the game thinks I\'ve touched something other then what I did. When collecting items the game will either be slow or close it\'s self. But overall the game is amazing please fix the bugs.
This is one of the best mobile games I have played and it\'s definitely worth the money. A few small complaints I have is that sometimes the controls are a bit glitchy when trying to build or place something from the science machine or from the inventory. When I try to build or place something, sometimes it it simply won\'t let me unless I try doing it several times. It is also hard to drag items from a chest into your inventory. The \"examine\" and take item from the chest sub menu when taking items from a chest is always cut off which makes it unable to press. Other than that, this is an amazing game and is basically identical to the pc and console version.
This is game is so much fun. The tons of possibility actions and options anyone can do in this game is awesome. I wish more people would play this game.
I play lots of different games and this is one of the best games I\'ve played in years!!! This game is great if I had the chance to meet the creators of this game I would thank them for making this game. This game helped me through some hard times and I am always hoping that they make even more games. 
The game is awesome and is honestly perfect, the controls can take some getting used to, but is nothing too much. My biggest complaint is that this game chews through battery life, I dropped 20% within 10 minutes (I\'m NOT exaggerating)
This game rock literally it just needs a multiplayer option other than that one of the best games ever!!!
But unfortunately for me it crashes every 5 minutes now. It worked fine for a few hours. Every time it crashes, I lose the last 5 or so minutes of progress, so I can\'t progress any more. I have put in hundreds of hours on the PC version with no problems though, so I fully recommend the game on PC. The PC version also has the benefit of many awesome mods.
This game is a very fun and addictive. I\'ve spent hours playing the game already.
So addicting!!
Just got the game earlier today, and so far its great!
I can record my screen but will not let me save to the camera roll I am looking forward to uploading YouTube videos but won\'t let me save the video to edit
It is a pretty good game but it is very hard to unlock characters and it is very expensive (not with money but with recourses) to get recipes but overall it is a fun game.
I love this game.  It\'s seriously the best $5 you can spend.  There is so much to do in this game.  The controls make this game unnecessarily difficult.  There have been many times where I\'m running and I attack a beefallo or try to chop a tree down.  It\'s also difficult to accurately place things on the ground. 
I love this game.  I love the visuals, the gameplay, the adventure.  As you play, remember, Fight, or run.  Kill, or be killed.  Starve, or Don\'t Starve
Great game but could there at least be a circle pad or something along that for we could have Breyer controls
If you die you have to start all over.  Unclear how to release new recipes at the science machine.  Don\'t waste your money
I loved this game, got it today, and put a few hours into it already! 😁 I am so getting Shipwrecked soon! 😀
Dear the creators of \"don\'t starve,\"  This is the BEST game I have played in a while, BUT it would be even BETTER if there was multiplayer!! 
I played this game a lot on steam and was really excited to play it on the phone. The game translates well enough, but the controls are buggy as hell. When I click on an item to select an action, the game randomly has me perform a completely different action. For example, if I try to place food in the crock pot, my character will randomly go collect nearby straw or something. It\'s usually just annoying, but it also ruins gameplay. I\'ve twice now died and lost the game because I was trying to perform an action near a mob and attacked the mob instead. Please fix this problem so I can continue to enjoy the game.
This is the most amazing mobile game I\'ve ever played,but, be warned reader, this is hard. But it\'s beautiful.
Add Russian language please
Rename the librarian to Betty White
It\'s a great game and is very addictive and fun
Can\'t remember when\'s the last time i actually purchased an actual video game... nonetheless for the PC! And it\'s all thanks to this little wonderful app that introduced me to the world of Wilson & his crazy friends! I ended up purchasing the entire PC collection on Steam...and although it\'s provided me many hours of joy and excitement...it was at the cost of countless hours lost of my life! but what the heck i still play it. I still think it was and is definitely worth the .99 or more! it\'s for sure a fun but challenging, and addicting game! and definitely NOT something you\'ll beat in a day so dont count on that!  EXTRA TIP: Can\'t purchase both? Deciding between PC or iOS? Although i think BOTH should be purchased because they each provide their own  beneficial advantage, (i.e. \"Don\'t Starve Together,\" their online co-op/multiplayer version is only available on the PC/Steam which too is an unbelievably awesome must-play title!)...I still think the iOS app version is the smarter buy especially for first-time players: 1) It\'s way cheaper and 2) the best part: the convenience & capability of being able to start & stop wherever & whenever is the HUGE kicker for me. You\'ll appreciate it once you realize you\'re hooked and can\'t put down the ipad, because ...wait...maybe that\'s a bad thing...heck i don\'t know anymore. Maybe u shouldn\'t play this game...i don\'t want to be the bad influence...i\'ll stop my propaganda now. Good Luck 👍🏻 
I wish I would join my friends and when I die they could revive me like the pc version.
Excellent game. Quite fun and challenging.
I have seen this game on steam and iOS for a while now and just never got around to checking it out. I\'m extremely sorry I haven\'t sooner. This game is why I\'ll be taking a chance on a lot more indie games. Best purchase I have made in a long time and I see myself spending a ridiculous amount of countless hours trying to survive 😁
So I never played the game on PC, but decided to give this a shot. First of all it works so well on my phone (iPhone 7) it\'s easy to use and everything is amazing. The gameplay and graffics are A1. Second of all the price? Come on you can\'t beat it.  It starts of kind hard if you\'ve never played before but you get the hang of it pretty quickly. 
I used to play Don\'t Starve on my pc, and I would get so attached. This was before the multiplayer option was available. I believe that the game would be so much better if we could play with our friends on mobile devices.
Love the game, amazing in all aspects, but for me it seems that rain is way too frequent, even when I change it to less. I think I see it daily now. Just tone it down a bit and I\'ll be fine.
Pretty innovative game, cute graphic, hope there is a little tutorial and hint in the game to make it more understandable..the game does over heat rather quickly. I\'m using iPhone 6s...
Don\'t generally write reviews but this game is actually impressive. However, it does need some work on the control as most people have said. The touch controls are good for the most part but sometimes the actions are unresponsive or overlap and can make an already challenging game even more difficult.
It\'s fun and all but the controls definitely need improving, also the Graf is are like the computer and PS4 But the face is fuzzy, but none the less definitely worth the price!
I love this game but am getting frustrated when it freezes. The gameplay still continues but I can\'t save or control my character to save them from impending darkness. Please fix this.
Cool
Need analog stick control! Just realized how terrible the current control scheme is playing on an iPhone 7
I have played this game in the computer for quite some time. Nearing day 400, I decided it was time to revisit the pocket edition. I am still as blown away as I was when I first got it at how in depth and similar the pocket edition is to the computer version. For everyone saying add multiplayer, there is don\'t starve together but only in the computer right now. I have played both, and can say that they are both amazing, and will most likely but the Shipwrecked DLC for it soon! Great game, definitely worth 5$.
This is the coolest game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don\'t get me wrong, I love this game. But when I close the window, it deletes my save file. Please fix!!
It\'s just...meh......
It\'s a really cool game but I\'ve noticed some issues or problems. First, when I\'m pressing the fight button to kill the frogs and I\'m next to a beefalo, I accidentally hit the beefalo when I don\'t want to do so. The game is really cool and I would like to see the creator make more updates for it. It is really addicting! Four stars for me.
No tutorial or explanation of game mechanics. Waste of a dollar.
Recording has stopped working for me and my brother
I\'ve only been playing for a while,but I can already tell this game is amazing. The only thing that I would like to see added is a way to play with a few friends and be able to survive with them.Personally,I think this would make the game a lot more fun.Thank you for reading this.
So far this game is awesome. To survive night make a campfire and stand next to if so monsters won\'t come. Once in a while when fire is small put pine cones, logs, and sticks to keep it going the whole night. 👌🏼👍🏼
Un buen juego caidria bien una nueva actualizacion
Seems like a good game but literally drained my battery within minutes. $ down the drain 🙁
I really love the game and playing it is fun for me. I recently got my brother into it and he\'s struggling. I want to help while playing along, but there\'s no multiplayer feature. I rate 5 stars, but this game can still use that feature so we can play with friends and family.
Poor controls and I dislike the art style. Shouldn\'t be a mobile game. Probably would be better on a iPad or a PC
This and shipwrecked are my two favorite iOS games of all time. Howev