内容
The app is extremely slow on iPhone X and does not offer features other carriers offer such as turning in or off data usage for family members.  Now you try to go through the menus of features offer ex and the app completely fails to show anything beyond the balance after your bill was processed at least for 3 days.  Need to fix it I will consider switching as I have paid fully for all my devices to make it easy for me to switch at anytime I like
Great plan for the seniors 55+ just $60 per month includes Tax & fees, the reps are super friendly and willing to help.
I am absolutely positively ecstatic about watching to T-Mobile. The customer service I receive along with the actual cellular service I receive is superb. I couldn’t ask for a better company to be with.
I have had AT&T and Sprint. This is better!
Good job ...!!!
Tmobile is a good company. Never have any issues with them
Internet service is too slow, I’m a student an I rely on my phone internet service when I’m not in school
Great love my service
Best company ever !!!!
Thank you for the good services
The best company
This app works about 20%of the time.  If its not down for maintenance, it cant connect to the user data or some other random nonsense. Save your self the download and just use the website, since thats what you’ll end up doing anyway.
Nunca tienen señal y es un problema cuando quieres dejarlos para cambiarte de línea telefónica
I’ve been with t-mobile for over 10years now and have nothing but nice things to say about this company.   I always said to myself, why don’t valued long-term customers get deals like the deals new customers get for signing on...well t-mobile does just this. They called me out of the blue and told me they could save me $10 on my monthly bill. They applied it and I now pay $10 less per month. Now that’s a company who know’s it’s customers. I will never change carriers no matter what the competition may offer to change.  Keep up the excellence! 
The best phone company to have and tell your friends
Got tired of paying $274 a month to Verizon and pulled the trigger for the 55+ $60 for 2 Lines Plan...❤️❤️❤️
I love that I can always connect with a real person in a short amount of time and knowledgeable people too.
Bravo
T-mobile has come way advanced and treasures to Verizon At&t and sprint with plan pricing and feature offerings with unlimited ALL brought all other to their knees especially "Verizon" what else can I say. "The giants (Goliaths) to their knees" After Verizon and at&t bragged about not being effected my T-Mobile NOW ALL THEY DO IS COPY T-mobile and wait till T-mobile puts out the 600Mhtz.
Awesome 👍🏾👍🏾📱
This app won’t even load past the first screen on my iPhone 6plus! I turned off my WiFi but it doesn’t recognize that I did. Very annoying.
Thank You!
😍
Sometimes the app will give me and error notification other than that it had worked fine. This notice always says that the app is having trouble logging in 
Suh dude. This app is very user friendly and easy to use. I love it.
I typically always schedule my payments ahead of time. For some reason with my app and using the website on my phone, it will not allow me to choose the day anymore. I need to actually use a desktop. I’ve trying deleting and reinstalling, but no luck. Please fix soon!
I love T-Mobile ! I have had then 9 years ! Wouldn’t change for a thing
Hello T-Mobile...I am a big fan of your company. I cannot think of one thing that it lacks in.  But, what really stands out is the consistent customer service which is consumer and people friendly, as it is helpful.  Today I had a memorable talk with one of your customer service representatives, Suzanne, who is a delightful and gracious person that exceeded all expectations for someone like me who was unclear and anxious about my account and its usage.  Suzanne has much insight, knowledge and perception to clarify and enlighten people, and all in a way that “builds up” others.  She walked me through every step in a way that I could remember everything after our call had ended!  That’s saying a lot. I have not encountered such overall skill since my days of being a senior officer in the U.S.Navy!  My recommendation is that she be retained and advanced in the company, as her performance reveals yet more talents that many other companies would covet.  I write these words with joy and gratitude.  Sincerely, Egileyes 
Great service at great price. Love coverage worldwide!
I like it very much better than ATT
I think this is supposed to be an app review but I wanted to say just I recently joined T Mobile and already had an issue that no one seen before. But Matthew just handled it like he’s seen it 100 times. Great customer service. If you know him buy him a donut.
Lance has been great!! I came from sprint after 7 years there!! 
Never had problems with T-Mobile I’ve always received what I’ve been promised.
The only problem is that it doesn’t work with WIFI. In my house I don’t have any network service so that is an inconvenient.
I was a Verizon customer for over 15 years... calls dropped all the time, connection was poor (at best), couldn’t see any news, hear my music in Pandora or use YouTube AND I was paying more. My adorable brother suggested to switch and I couldn’t be happier!!
Best customer service in the Mobile industry!
The app does not display minutes and text usage correctly and it constantly asks for your password even after you re-enter it.
Miguel from the Compton T-Mobile helped me and my boyfriend so much! We added 1 more line and also got 2 Apple Watches Series 3! DOUBLE SCORE! T-Mobile is the best!!!
Looking forward to another 10 years of great service.   Laz 
Every time I login there’s some kind of a problem with the app. It either crashes on me, or is too slow. If there is one wireless company that I expect it to have a nice app it is tmo, but my experience is exactly the opposite.
Me encanta T.Mobile es la mejor desicion a ver escogido esta compañía después de experimentar con otras ahora tengo a toda mi familia con T.Mobile
Its wonderful its shady at time but its great
App its trash
Always improving the app, love the design and ability to check bill and pay.
Love the app and service! Easy to use great reliable service provider! Thanks again T- Mobile 👍🤜
Please turn your Wifi off we need to talk to our network. I turn WiFi off. Go back to app. Oops, it looks like your Wifi is off, please turn it back on. And round and round we go. Where she stops, nobody knows.
This is such a good app! I love that I can look at all my reviews and my usage and plans!! Thanks again T-mobile! 😄
Muy buena atención hacia el cliente lo recomiendo
Xoxoxo love customer service was horrible now you are awesome take care of me been with you since voice stream keep it up please
The app rarely works. The mobile site never loads. I barely get any signal at home. If it wasn't for the free coverage outside of the US, I'd give T-Mobile negative stars. Nice work fellas keep it up.
My LTE network is not good. I have reported several times and there is no improvements.
T-Mobile don’t help you when you need help, they sold me a damage phone and don’t want to fix It, there no help to the people that are overseas and have there services. Verizon might charge you a lot but at least they care about there customer, when i get back too the states I’m dropping T mobile. Worst company ever.
Gret!!
Good
Most of the time it does it work...
I love love my T-Mobile I got me an iPhone 8 Plus and all 4 of my kids have phones plus I have an Apple Watch all for less than 200
It never lets me log in.
crashes glitches not reliable.  trash. 
Using the website is better for me because I can log in with Face ID. I can’t with the app.
When I came to Queen City a rural area in Texas I had less than reliable service. I shifted to T-Mobile and instantly begun to have a more reliable services and access to more everything. The only regret is that I didn’t shift sooner. I had T-Mobile in the past (2002)and left for Verizon and stayed with them for years. After being taken advantage of for all that time I had a easy and productive shift back to T-Mobile.
First time use of app and so easy and fast. T-Mobile is always making my service exciting to use.  More than 10 Year’s with T-Mobile and vary happy.
Please fix & update your app!!! My bill is always due on the 27th of every month. I log into the app on the 20th to make my payment arrangements. The past 2 months it won't let me tap on the date I want, then forcing me to call 611 to make the arrangement over the phone which is an EXTREME hassle and customer service is the worst and the rep always wants to make things more confusing. All I want to do is make my regular payment arrangement every month through the App with no problems.
Of an app if i cant ever use it to pay my bill. Everytime i open it up it says you guys are working on it. Then i try to go to your site on my phone and it automatically takes me back to the app. Ive never had an issue with tmobiles service but this is ridiculously annoying.
The t-mobile app is so easy to use and a great way to keep up with your bill and current usage
I like T-Mobile and I love anything I enjoy a lot of research on T-Mobile for me is there
For the past 10+ yrs Tmobile customer service, plans, phones everything has been nothing but excellent every time keep up the great services. Thank you for over 10 + yrs oh excellent service
Horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is the best service I’ve ever had with cells.
I am please with T-Mobile. I am please with the customer service.
App worked perfectly the few times i need it. Thanks for the consistency
It’s always keep loading and loading and loading and it’s super slow
Nice I spend long time to do very enjoyable services
The best phone company ever and I am very happy to be with them for almost 15 years!!!
The app reroutes me to to the Internet everytime. New update claims that bugs were fixed but this has been going on for a month.
I love my new phone from T-mobile. The service all these years have been great. Hopefully they keep up. Thank you T...
T-mobile’s iPhone useful app (and customer service) are five stars in my opinion.    I suffered with AT&T’s confusing apps websites and cryptic customer services for years before switching.  So much happier! 
basically just opens the t-mobile website, no effort to optimize for mobile. also doesn’t remember logins, makes you login everytime if you just want to check your data usage. The iPad version doesn't have touch ID like the phone version. Oddly there are many reviews that review t mobiles service and not the app, not sure if some of these are fake or from competitors or what.
I have been a T-Mobile customer for 14 years.  The best thing about T-Mobile is the customer service.  Always have been helpful and courteous.
I love the fact that t-mobile always put their customers first but i dislike the fact that I’m not allowed to take full advantage of my unlimited data due to the simple fact that i can’t stay connected to the 4g lte network and i get a lot of dropped calls
The service is good.  But the TMOBILE app in regards to billing is difficult to use.  If you attempt to pay off any device your financing but it’s close to your billing time it goes towards bill and not your device.
我用了t mobile 公司很多年了感觉不错！值得分享
After a decade of slugging it out with AT&T’s high prices, poor cellular service, MicroCell, rollover plans and deceptive practices (which were really outright theft), it was long past the time to move on. We had a few issues starting up but the two stores we worked with were very accommodating and treated us like they wanted our business which was a refreshing change. Customer Service depends on who picks up but it’s better than AT&T. We still have no cell service at home but that’s a community issue, not the fault of any of the carriers. T-Mobile gave us Wi-Fi calling so we’re good as long as the power and cable are working. Service out and about is far superior to AT&T. No more dropped calls, static, volume changes or latency or lag.  The App works fine except for that pesky log off Wi-Fi requirement. My bigger gripe is that only the primary line holder’s SIM card has full access to the account and it must be from that phone. AT&T allowed for a password and a passcode so both adults had complete access from their respective phones. I just tried logging into the account from a non mobile device. It works fine so it’s silly to restrict a SIM card that has proper Clearance from logging into the account with full access. 
I stay for the awesome customer service representatives, they’re so pleasant & supportive!!!
The whole reason I wanted use this app was for ease of payment. But if your service has been cut there's no way to log in. What's the use????
So far so good, no complaints yet
The app is not working properly on my phone. Asking me to sign in over and over again. I have to go through the website in order to pay and to look through my account.
Keeps saying we’re hitting some rough waters. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling still not working.
Works great in Georgia I have never had any issues ever since I got T-Mobile service but for the matter I’ve only had T-Mobile service for six hours
Touch ID gets turned off by itself.
I love t mobile ❤️
I’ve been a TMobile customer for the last 7 Year’s and I can personally say that the service coverage area has increased immensely!! The customer service center always answers quick with superior customer service. Two thumbs up!!
Excelente me encanta.
Very glitchy. 50% of the time I cant log on it keeps cycling and comes up with an error. Impossible to make payments through the app.
Love love love your unlimited free roaming data and text!  I am enjoying that now! Unbeatable!!! Thank you!!!
It has been another strange day and I am really too old and tired and behind to write the Review. Trying to resolve some WiFi calling and billing issues and having more questions and issues. I still love T-mobile was the last question but I also want things simple easy and to work without surprise charges but........John Legere can we talk please?
I can’t get into the app cause it keeps asking me to change my password and I don’t want to change it. Fix this! My password is already a solid one!
Love t-mobile and the app 😊
T-Mobile has been a great source for communication, social media, and development. The network that T-mobile produce is incredible, I love the phones, WiFi and internet speed. Thanks for a great service I salute you T-mobile!
T mobile is the best
Tmobile app is awesome! Easy access to all features of my account. Including upgrades and adding lines
👍👍👍👍👍
I’ve been with them for 12 years.  Top notch customer service
I love T-Mobile but my 4 star rating is really aimed at ALL cell phone services. It just seems, with all the hi-tech advances, the fees should be lower. This is my uninformed opinion. I’m very non-technical so I am only looking at this from a layman’s position. I still love you, T-MOBILE!
Love the service here!!! Great managers Dylan and Danny!
Mr. Lamar was sooo great, he was able to answer all of my questions and concerns. He also help me out with a older issue that I had concerning an old bill. He was polite and very professional. You should give him a raise. Kudos to Mr. Lamar and to T-Mobile. Thank you from a loyal customer Norma Alfaro.
Love T-Mobile no problems
I’ve been a T-Mobile customer for about 5 years. I have no complains. Their customer service...be it in-store, via telephone or app messaging is superb. My gratitude goes out to T-Mobile.  If t-mobile allowed me, I would drive around with T-Mobile advertisement all around my car, posted up in front of my house and my luggage’s when traveling + more. That’s just how much I am happy to be a T-Mobile customer.
One of the best offers. Thank you T-Mobile  T-Mobile is truly the greater Carrier.  -Angel 
Everyone is patient and kind with me. I’m a little lost when it comes to my IPhones and sometimes impatient yet T-Mobile staff members as well as customer service has been very helpful and respectful. Thank you to all that has helped me.
Never works. it’s always just processing
This app hasn’t worked in almost 2 weeks. I’ve done everything and nothing works. Customer service offers no help either. Ridiculous.
In love with T-Mobile 💕😍
I subtracted a star because when I take road trips the coverage is a bit spotty. My partner’s Verizon phone had much better coverage but then it’s a lot more expensive
I have never been able in the last few months to view a summary or detailed version of my bill. Everything loads slowly and it's utterly excruciating to wait forever the simplest page to load up. I just want to see the breakdown of my stupid bill and I cannot do that on the app. It's more of a headache than helpful.
I went to Costco and the wireless center employee was really helpful in helping me transfer my account from Verizon to T-Mobile and he said my son needs a new phone because his quit working and so he helped me get a new phone for my son in which Costco had the Galaxy 7 on sale for $99.00 and I get a $50.00 cash rebate from Costco. That was a great deal.
Best company out there, the level of customer service support every thing should be an example to all other companies that want to grow in business and make $ while keeping their customers happy. Thank goodness 4 T-Mobile about time some gets it right.
I can't check my account it keep say something is wrong with the system.. I would really appreciate if you could fix it.
I spoke with Connie on 2.19.2018 and I received above excellent customer service.  She helped me with their new security system and offered me deals that changed my plan for the better.  Thank you CONNIE
I’ve been with t mobile for over 4 years now and I would never switch. Great service, prices, and the customer service is A1. I honestly believe they are better then Verizon.
The app was great the past two years (5 stars). Now there is issue (2 stars) — technical difficulties. The app is no longer connecting to my account. Thus, you are forced to use the T-mobile website and login every time. Inconvenience
haven’t been able to access the app keeps telling me that there is a problem connecting, Is this a bug w/ fix coming soon ?
I have Grandfather plan and before couple years it’s was great but now I feel i am robbed because it’s not the same speed as before for unlimited plan and plus 20$ extra that’s unfair .
I like
Won’t work at on WiFi but also won’t connect on cellular data. App gives a message about technical difficulties and routes you to the T-Mobile website which then automatically re-routes you to the non-functioning app. Frustrating.
The best company ever !!!!
I really love T-Mobile u should also
Love Tmobile there the Best Ever
I have great credit with Tmobile I love how the employees most of them know what they’re doing... The only thing I disagree with is how I’m paying almost $250/mon for my lines and I’m now going to pay well over $300/mon because I added another line and I still won’t be able to access my text message history! To me this is absurd and very unfair! Overall however I have nothing negative to say about this company! I love how you can pay your bill in installments and you can push the fue date back further as needed. Thank you Tmobile the only thing that would be nice is having loyalty freebies!!! But good ones not just a beach towel or something like that.
Aww Tuesday thing is gay do something Friday
I have nothing but positive thoughts about Tmobile
I have been with voice stream from 1998 and since T Mobile took over I have never had any issues to date and the ones that did occur I could always always count on t mobile to resolve any and all issues. I have had over 200 people change to t mobile over the years and they are still with them to this very date . Thanks for your outstanding service.
The app was working fine up until it self updated and ever since then I have not been able to log in the app says it has a technical issue and my account can’t be authorize. I try going on my browser but it keeps sending me back to the app when I try to log in. So frustrated because I’m trying to submit additional payments for my devices and so I dot have to drive around to my local establishment l.
T-mobile has been great because of the price and benefits, however, the coverage wi-fi, and talking could use some improvements if possible.
I the free things or discounts that are offered
The app is good but often you have to run off the wifi so the phone can connect over t-mobile. That is so strange and uneccessary. I've had AT&T and Verizon neither required this just to use the app to get account information.
Yeaihg hgg h
Muy útil para mi trabajo ! Excelente !
Very easy to use and provides all the basic info at a glance
Thanks T-Mobile
Jo Cruz is very nice& did his job well! Thank you!!
Coverage is not very good outside Omaha NE and was shown and told was.
I have been T-Mobile customer since beginning of T-Mobile. Gray customer support, great communication, nice service, good options to choose your plan
Love TMobile
Works less than half the time on these slow speeds (less than 1mbps) And when on WiFi it kicks me off and makes me log in over and over again  And now it’s forcing me to change my password 
Had service for a week and am very happy. Better service and cheaper than last provider. Folks at T-Mobile treated us very well.
Muy buena app..
Still waiting on my bogo rebate since November.
I was forced to change my password since it had been too long from my last change. Now the app can’t validate my account. PLEASE FIX. Been like this for a week now.
Great service and very helpful app keep up the great work
I got a new cellphone number and i try link it to my email but it said that my email is link to my old cellphone number and I forgot the password I request help but is like if i am talking to a wall this app need a better method to reset password because the link it sends doesn’t work at all and costumer services don’t know how to reset  it
Excellent service and high speed connexion
I Love ❤️ T-Mobile $ave DennyThePrince 🤣 🤣 😆 
In New Hampshire many times I did not got the signal that I can’t make a conection.
T-Mobile is very straight forward! $75 per month that’s it! With ATT I was paying over $140 for less what I get with T-Mobile.
As far as people that are on the jump on demand leasing program beware of the things they seem to fall short of telling u that u may have a large balloon payment on ur old device and even then your equipment available credit may to be to low to upgrade to a better newer phone without a LARGE down payment what a racket....
This app use to be a wonderful replacement in place of calling or even setting foot into a  T-Mobile store. For almost 3 years that I’ve been customer of T-Mobile the app was a amazing! Now the app is glitchy, each time I login to do a basic view of my data usage or try to text T-Mobile support about any inquiry, the app crashes and send me back to the login screen. I have dealt with this issue still after having several updates for this app, and deleting and reinstalling this app. The same issues remain unfixed T-Mobile you can do better than this! 
Many time when I log in for usage info the app stays locked on previous billing period instead of current period
Very fast respond, I don’t have to wait even a few second. Amazing.
T mobile taking care of me and family !! Can’t complain
20/20
Im satisfied with the service and all but the app acts up way to much for my liking. I have to close and re open the up a few times before I get to where I want to be.
The Best Carrying Carriers
Great prices and service but would better coverage areas.
This app has come a long way from launch day. I remember when it just wouldn’t save my password, ever. It is now a pleasure to use this app. It’s fast and has all the features I need. The only thing causing me to give it 4 stars is the international functionality. If you’re out of the US, the app will take forever to log in if not on WiFi. This is a problem cause the app wants WiFi off and speeds out of the US are limited to 128kbps.
Sometimes better service than my co workers feels good to be better
Super slow app, and most of the time it gives you timeout errors.
Im not a authorized user in a plan so i cant access basically anything in my phone number. Reps always say they cant they cant then I came across the app and it tells me when  I make the call how much was charge. Really really helpful...
Esketit
My title says it all❣️ Love You, T-Mobile‼️
So patient and courteous with my daughter and I
It should allow users to provide feedback regarding areas where there is no coverage. Certainly one thing AT&T have since many years ago, there is no reason why this app lacks it...
I never have a problem and whenever I do I call you guys you immediately try to fix.
I’ve had phone service with all the other carriers, and none compared to Tmobil. My very favorite feature is to be able to use my phone while traveling. Tmobil is continually updating and improving network and coverage. Tmobil is a keeper for me!! No hidden or unexpected charges🤓 
Would like to get more data and the speed is very slow
I love t-Mobil because have the best designer ...
Need I say more?
It’s like ‘Ronseal’.. does exactly what it says on the tin 👍🏻
Purchased two iPhone 8 Plus with the BOGO program and just got my rebate card. Went to my T-mobile store and paid off the phones. Great customer service. A great deal.
Excellent service and enjoying a lot with T-Mobile special YouTube and texting..
The app is great overall. Only problem I’m having is that the chat help feature is not working.
Best phone service I’ve had! From the service to the customer service and the amazing deals you can get!
this is the best cell service ever.  I have had several of the other big 3 cell phone providers they can not hold a candle to t-mobile as far as I am concerned.  This is the longest as I have ever been with s cell phone provider I always canceled with the other big 3 before the contract was up.  I have not ever even questioned leaving T-mobile.  Nor will I.
Es bueno lo único q cada mes le pone diferente el monto de la factura siempre paga mas uno de lo q debe pagar
T Mobil is my fav company off all phone companies...... friendly ppl and usually never has a problem that can't be solved
this app is ALWAYS crashing, freezing, or having some type of issue. JUST. LIKE. TMOBILE. SERVICE. Trash.
Thank you
Love service,my only gripe is that they outsource I guess their customer service because every time I talk to someone they never can speak English wellThat being at customer service
Hands down the easiest company to work with. The value of the plans, the reliability of the network and the simplicity of finding help if needed is top notch! AT&T, Verizon and Sprint- lookout T-Mobile is a game changer.   If you are considering a new provider- I fully recommend T-Mobile. 
T-Mobile app helps me do a lot of things when my hectic mom life hits and i need to ask questions through the chat option!
When i go to payment the app kid mi out
I love my T-Mobile services and phone and to mobile is the best phone company out there of 2018
This app needs to be re-updated. Whenever I try to pay my bill it will log itself out continuously to where I am unable to make the payment via app. 2nd bad update in the last 3 months.
😊
The app for T-Mobile is horrible, absolutely ridiculous on how many issues there are with it. Always makes me turn my WiFi off but still can’t load my account
Been loyal customer for while
Love the app
I love T-Mobile best deals and great service
Always there for me support and devices 💯💯💯💯
This mobile app is usless. It doesn't function well and always indicate outdated data usage
Need to improve in coverage area
Better service as far as LTE and cheaper prices
I been a T-mobile customer for over 8 years. Their network keeps getting worse by the minute! What’s so good about having unlimited data when you can’t stream faster than 1.27 MBPS. I have to rely on my AT&T WiFi. T-mobile, please stop giving out useless crap on tuesdays. Use those funds and work on your towers.
Lots of dropped calls and not being able to hear
Good company
Easy to use app, useful and very handy, friendly phone operators and system that works with you’re schedule, I highly recommend this company to everyone!
Emily was very very very good at helping me with a BIG problem that was VERY confusing . She got the problem FIXED and I appreciate T-Mobile for that so much. Thank you again team you guys are so much appreciated!
We travel a lot and love the coverage
Is the worst 99% in the Bronx  Step up before customers step out. 
Just joined.  Rockaway store manager Joe Testa was great in getting my new phone and existing iPad set up.
At times it stops working but it’s a good app to get a quick info on ur account
App stopped working, can’t log in with the latest update. Fix it T-Mobile.
I want to think T-Mobile for their exceptional customer service, and their impeccable manners. I am from Louisiana and I really appreciate the time and energy they spend with me when I have an issue and they are so personable and The customer service is five stars. They are miracle workers and I am so grateful that I have been with them since 2005. Lots of love to my friends at T-Mobile. Thank you for everything. Blessings to you all
Been since voice stream and then T-Mobile. Never had a problem with my service in general. Recommend it to anyone! T-Mobile treat me well. 👍
Left for about 2 months n had to come back miss the service I really do love T Mobile
I would give a full five star rating to T-Mobile because most of their services are great but one big problem. When I am at my shop/house I cannot receive signal and they cannot seem to fix that for me I have to rely on my Wi-Fi in order to give me a phone signal at my home/shop. With today’s technology you would think that someone from their engineer department would fix this problem due to the fact that I have complained about it numerous times but no one has been able to successfully fix the problem. So I suppose for now I will have to continue to use it on Wi-Fi which I have to pay for every month so that I can have phone service at my place. They also tell me I am right between three cellular towers but I just can’t seem to zero in on the signal to give me a good phone signal at my place. So I am just stuck with Wi-Fi. Maybe just might get to the right place at T-Mobile and someone will care about it and see if they can actually repair and fix the problem sometimes it takes no will to get a little oil in order to get something done maybe just might reach the person at the top. Outside of that T-Mobile is a wonderful company.
I left Verizon 4 months ago and I will tell you it was the best decision I could make. The customer service makes Verizon look like a circus. The call quality is absolutely perfect and I actually save money every month. THANK YOU T-MOBILE for an amazing experience. By the way I was a Verizon customer for 10 years look forward to giving T-Mobile twice as long
The app freezes at times. That’s the only issue really. Other than that it is helpful and useful!
The app is to inconsistent. Just updated today and I can’t log onto my account from either the app or mobile site. This has nothing to do with the service itself which I’m happy with but come on guys the day of an update it should work not be down.
Great product! Great speed, great coverage, so far! We are full time RVERS headed west, so time will tell!
Great app
Ever since I downloaded the app last year, it’s been giving me trouble paying my phone bill, logging in, and was told my password is too old... now I can’t access the app at all👎🏾👎🏾... two thumbs down
I made the huge mistake of leaving t-mobile a while ago. Allowed myself to be ripped off by the “v”company for years.  Finally took the time to come back to T-Moble, cut my bill by 60% and haven’t looked back.  I’ll never leave again. An expensive lesson learned!!
So I’m logged in to the T-Mobile app and I want to add a “line” for a WiFi hotspot device. No problem, right? Just tap “add a line” and ... hang on, why am I in Safari now? Oh, and I have to log in again... okay... well now I’m on the mobile site instead of the app, but at least I can get on with what I came here to do. Add a line. Great, let’s do it. Just have to ... call them? I got this app and signed into it just so I could be sent to their mobile site just so it could tell me that I have to call on the phone. Not impressed yet. Hopefully the next task I need to complete with this app will work more seamlessly.
I love being able to log into the T-Mobile app for literally everything. Need to see device balances? No problem. Need to know why your bill changed? Done! Literally almost never have to talk to a real person to get anything done. Only when I want to order the new toys.
to explain how disappointing this app is. Terrible on all the features.
Super Glad I switched !💕
I have been with T-Mobile since 2000 when they took over my cellular company that I can’t even remember their name. Never had any issues with T-Mobile so I’m a lifer!
Low signal at my house, and no signal at all at my friends house 3 blocks away. May switch companies when we get new phones.
Best ever
Doesn’t wanna open theres still errors
I recently called T-Mobile because I needed more streaming. The girl I talked to was so nice and positive. She got me to move the T-Mobile one and I ended up saving $20 a month! 10 gigs of streaming plus Netflix! Thanks T-Mobile
super Really Good Company..the network is super faster and super Good service thanks T-mobil for you service.
Awesome
The app will not function properly, despite using the correct password and fingerprint. More improvements are REQUIRED before I can even use this 😡👎🏾
Every option in the app (even though I log in when the app loads) prompts me that I need to log in.  I input my credentials, only to get a "there was a problem with the server.  We cannot process your request at this time" message.  This makes the app epically useless, other than taking a quick look at current data usage...
This company has always made my experience wonderful and helpful. The people are problem solver and very pleasant.
My first iPhone. My first T-mobiles count. Both are superb
Same boring app
You can’t go wrong with T-Mobile.  If you have a issue or concern!! HELP is 611 away.  They will move mountains to help “YOU” 
Decided to switch to T-Mobile after seeing their We Are One commercial on the Super Bowl. I am ANTI-Trump AF. Decided to support a network that A) aligns with my political values B) Has great prices! I’m a happy camper 💙
I’ve been loyal to them for over 8 years 😍😍😍
Love TMobile!  The app is TMOBILESOME!
Thank you so much for your service!
Often this app takes a while to load data and it’s not always clear where to find settings. More so, seems like adding faceid is a no brainer
Love it!
U guys rock ✌️🏼🔥💎😈😆👊🏼🤞🏼♥️💗💋
With the new updated the chat message tab always give me a error message that failed connect.  Please fix it.
Free Netflix is the bomb!
It hasn’t worked for me for days...
The sign in process is ludicrous.  I have to turn off wifi (WHY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) before I can log in.  Then, the app is soo slow.    Considering your app description boasts about how some things can be done in "2 clicks", it's horribly disappointing and disconcerting that you would have such a slow app experience and thus such deceptive advertising. ("2 clicks" implies fast and simple.  Turning off wifi, and then waiting/reopening things inside the app is neither fast nor simple).    I think an honest/fair slogan for this app should be:  "if you've got the time, and REALLY need to do something, then give it a try.. it might work, or you might throw your phone against the wall in frustration.  T-mobile can't take responsibility for providing a great app experience--it's not like they have millions of dollars to spend on app development, they aren't a billion dollar company... oh wait.. they are."    To the developers, product managers, and business leaders at t-mobile, I suggest the following:  DO THE BEST OF SOMEONE BETTER 
Best service around
Every link I click on here in this app especially for pdf file for billing details, it keeps saying it’s loading to open and it’s not opening. I’ve been staring at my phone for the past 30 mins and file finally loads and it says ‘unable to load at this time’ on the statement it opened.
I don’t like the apps that get complicated to use and if I get in jam there is always T Mobile reps how are always willing to help👍🏽
Awesome
Very easy to make changes.  Very easy to use app.  ❤️ it!!!
My review is mostly for the app and company itself. I have been with Verizon, Sprint AT&T and T-Mobile. I love T-Mobile customer service as far as face to face. Their plans and prices are unbeatable in my opinion. They’ve always been there to help me and are the only company that when I have a complaint, they don’t automatically assume I’m trying to get over them. They sit, lists, investigate in a very neutral matter. This is really crucial when dealing with their customers. BUT, this app man, has to be the worst thing I’ve ever used. It doesn’t load, half the features or more don’t work. For years now, I have yet to be able to view my detailed bill on the app. I constantly have to contact support. And the chat thing on the app, horrible. By the time they respond to me, I’m always asleep. I don’t even write reviews. My horrible experience pushed me to do so.
There is no way to change or update my address!!  Messaging don't even work!  I tried to send message by hiting the "send" button and it didn't do anything!  Instead screen said "oops, something went wrong!"  Totally dissappointed! 
T-Mobile is a great company her in The United States and abroad. I recommend it for whoever travels overseas.
Jaime T-Mobile
Thank you for our  T-Mobile Tuesdays. I love getting a gift every week. This Oklahoma teacher appreciates the affordable cell phone plan!
I like this app a lot however if you could add widgets to the iPhone app that’d make it amazing. Thanks.
Nunca tengo senar en mi aria😢
I love my t Mobile, since 2002 It makes me happy to think that I do When I was encouraged to go shop around. I found that the others where red shirt wearing clowns. So I stay with my pink wearing crew all the  Years.  And the excellent service rings in my ears. Thank you to T-Mobile for making me fly.  I’m a fan through the ages and that ain’t no lie.  (Even though I still can’t figure out what all those taxes and surcharges are)  Ron 😃 
I love T Mobile ... but... I do not like it when I don’t always have service everywhere and my friends do. Makes me sad . That is not magical. 😏
I still have to go to the website to pay my bill. I haven’t been able to pay on the app in months. More than half of the features don’t work, and when you try to connect to someone to talk to about the issue, the chat keeps “failing to connect.” How about an update?
Love T.Mobile Hate the app 
The phone customer service is horrible. I usually have to talk to numerous reps to get an issue resolved. The past couple days I’ve talked to about 6-7 reps before an issue was resolved.  It was not a major issue either, it’s pretty bad you have to go straight to a supervisor to get anything resolved. 
Just sharing my opinion; T-Mobile surpasses any other wireless carrier I’ve had.  Another plus is the sincere dedication to (0-stress) problem solving.  Thx, I appreciate your great service.
The app is pointless every single thing you want to do .it takes you to the online and you have log back in .so what is the point of having the app !
Good
I love that T-Mobile costs me half of what I used to pay Verizon and the service is excellent as well as great customer service and I am not locked in to any contract!  Can’t beat that!!!!  Thank you T-Mobile 😘
My family been with T-Mobile from 1999 and never did we have any problem at all
La mejor compañía ❤️
I love T-Mobile I just switched from having AT&T! The services is great! The plan is great! and I’m happy!!
Good company
Loading takes forever. I can do anything when I open the app because I have to wait for it to load. But it takes way to long. Please update and fix it!
I Absolutely Love T Mobile, They Help Me With Every Thing, I Do Recommend Staying
I appreciate the unlimited freedom this company gives me
Love their staff always helpful!!
I don’t have great cell service inside my home, so I use T-Mobile WiFi. Really wish I didn’t have to go outside just to access my T-Mobile information.
I have never had my phone work  So well . I had VERISON for 13 years and never had 4 LTE and  My iPhone doesn’t work unless  It has 4gs ....LOVE T-MOBILE 
The T-Mobile application is amazing and you can do so much regarding your account from viewing left due on current phone leases to helping you check your phone to see if any issues have arisen it’s truly amazing.
I love t mobile. We have been customers for a long time. Store employees at the Berlin New Jersey area are really nice and know how to explain information about products and that’s a plus for me.
Great source to keep your phone updated..
I’ve been a customer of T-Mobile since 1996 and have always received the best, consistent customer service on the phone as well as in the stores. Love them!
Been with T-Mobile for 15 years now. The pricing and JUMP plans cannot be beat!!
The app is most times useless, because its near impossible to get it to work. Plus, trying to pull up my account info in my iPad browser, is also a hit or miss, over the years.  I dont even know why I pay for my tablet line, when it it always says throttled, when I turn on DATA to try this long annoying process to get into my account without my computer?  It looks like if I just want to shop the sight populates that info.  ; but if I try getting into myTmobile, the screen is most often blank and never loads.  I use 3 different browsers, and none of them can show my account info; so Every Time I end up using up my DATA trying to access my account to no avail.  I have finally decided to save myself $20 monthly and get rid of my useless tablet line; because, for the amount of value I get, or do not get from my tablet line  shows paying for a tablet line is just not worth it.
This app has NEVER worked on my phone. Every time I try to connect it says its “hitting rough waters” and the app “isn't available at this time”. It’s pathetic.
No complaints so far..tmobile is organized and is willing to provide excellent service for their customers👍
The app is slow, clearly a front end to a slow website backend.   The most incredibly poor decision however, is the requirement to disable WiFi to login to the app. It’s completely asinine.   Save yourself frustration and time and just use their crappy desktop website instead. 
I love T-Mobile
T- Mobile es la mejor compania te atiende todo el tiempo puedes textear en vivo te dan descuentos creo la compania mas clara q hay dan buenas promociones para me excelente estoy feliz
I’m super happy I left my old company !  T-Mobile is being great till now I hope to keep enjoying all its benefits! Thanks Kristoff for introducing me to this new family 👍🏻 
Demond and corey were beyond supportive, helpful, entertaining and inFormed ...   thankYou, I Am a happie new tMobile cliente...  I'll let you know when i've experienced it for a few days xOo   peacePerfectPeaceForHumanity... 
Service is basically nonexistent. Luckily I have WiFi everywhere. Oddly, I still love T-Mobile.
gracias
This app takes an unnecessary amount of time to load bill and usage information.’c sometimes not even loading at all. I’m a regular T-mobile customer and have been happy with my cell service for a while but this app is really bad at loading.
The app is just a series of webpages that are incredibly slow to load. Once they do load they show outdated info for days before updating. How is this supposed to be usable at all?
Whenever i call 611 no one is really helpful and dont really address my issue at hand and its frustrating
Super happy with T-Mobile app and their customer service. Would recommend to a friend!
I really love the $60 a month price structure. No surprises each month and it is $60 a month cheaper than my previous carrier Verizon.
My iPhone won’t receive verification codes in text when I need to verify a purchase
I can’t complain about my service, but the T-Mobile app needs to updated. #1. Don’t like that it ask me to shut my WiFi off. #2 I try checking my minutes and it hardly never works it just thinks and thinks and thinks. T-Mobile please fix your app. Until then I’m giving it a one star
Excelente servicio hace varios año gue tengo T-Mobile y nunca me ha fallado mi familia esta muy contenta más excelente servicio y excelente señal muchas gracias y bendiciones gue Dios me los bendiga siempre
I've been a loyal customer for almost a decade. Never one problem that didn't get resolved within in minutes.
Perfect
Everything you need to know is right there
No reception at all in many parts of Virginia including West Point where we go often to visit family
Easy to navigate.
It’s pointless to have the app if it reroutes me to the web where I have to log in to see my statement or pay my bill. Everything should be on the app. There’s no point in the app
After Hurricane Irma, I was one of the few people that got immediate service.  I have never had any issues with T-Mobile and continue to have good and constant service.
I love t-mobile for my iPhone 6, for it being when I didn’t have enough money to pay my bill. They worked things out with me for an extension. Because I have been a member for 3 years now. Their service is great and you should join T-mobile.
Esta aplicación es demasiado lenta.
Very content with this app it’s easy to navigate its easy to follow and easy to review all aspects of your phone bill and just as easy as 1 2 3 to make a payment
Constantly crashing and failing to accomplish the simplest task. Please improve app.
I attempt to log in, it lets me see my bill and information for about a half a second, then immediately goes back to the login screen. I re-enter my login info, I see my info...repeat. The app is unusable. Have to go to the t-mobile website to do anything. Latest iOS, latest t-Mo app, nothing is out of date, no shortage of storage on my device.
The best service out here.
Puedo acer todo lo que yo quiero y sobretodo buena señal
The app makes me turn off my WiFi and then it never wants to load my bill. This is not an area issue as it has happened in different areas where I have not had bad service. Hoping this gets fixed.
Good!!
Everything is great.  Except that I am not able to purchase in credit because I am new with T-Mobile.
Great app keeps me up to date on th go
This good one and thank you
I've used the My T-Mobile app since it originally came out, but as of 2-3 weeks ago, it just keeps saying "We're hitting some rough waters", and doesn't open. It asks if I want to use My T-Mobile online instead... well, why do you have an app if it just points you to log in online instead? Useless.
This app is good. But now it doesn’t allow you do anything after you log in except taking you back to the log in page. The fingerprint ID stopped working too.  How are you supposed to pay your bill on this app? Maybe they’ll let you get service for free because it doesn’t work🤔  nah  I have sent a msg on Twitter #noResponse I used “contact us” #noResponse  When (if) it is ever fixed, it (hopefully)will be as good as it was 
Just need to work on your tower in Fullerton CA by the Fullerton College other than so happy with the service keep it up
This app is trash. It never works. You will try to log on and all it will do is load, never logs on. Trash trash trash and a waste of space.
T-Mobile offers great service at affordable prices. I love my 4 lines and appreciate the other perks like Netflix and T-Mobile Tuesday’s. Also, excellent customer service and great coverage area. Keep up the good job.
I have been a loyal Verizon customer for over ten years, but when I moved to a new apartment, Internet was nearly useless and even voice had insufficient signal (which after multiple service calls finally was confirmed by Verizon).  Do not believe online signal coverage maps nor customer service agents who assert “good signal”  (who I assume see the same maps), as maps apparently are based on tower locations and power rather than on ACTUAL signal testing by an on-location technician, which Verizon said they did.   Therefore, I tried T-Mobile (without yet cancelling Verizon — I forwarded my Verizon number to the T-Mobile number) and found acceptable signal (not often a full 4 bars, but always 2) for Internet and voice. Plus, Internet works during a call. Finally, T-Mobile costs less.  So, I cancelled Verizon and ported my Verizon number to T-Mobile.   The only issue was that the T-Mobile number I got apparently had been reassigned too soon, as I got MANY calls and texts for the previous subscriber. T-Mobile does allow choosing a number for $17 at signup; I didn’t since I viewed the number as temporary, but I would recommend doing that. 
Hope to hold onto my T-Mobile as my phone service provider till I concluded from earth. Nice service to my and family needs.
I’ve been a T-Mobile customer for a very long time over 15 years and so far I have nothing bad to say. Thank you for the service you provide.
Great service, I’ll recommend it to my family and friends.
I wouldn’t think 🤔 of giving my T-Mobile anything but a 5star rating because I love the staff at the San Pedro store. They’re always so helpful, knowledgeable and super friendly. I see them because that store WAS my go to place for backing up my phone. I gave them a four in spite of myself. As all T-Mobile account holders, without a separate WiFi company as I had when I needed one, know that you must find a secured high speed secured or at least a high-speed WiFi!!!! That was so simple and easy before we went into our local T-Mobile store for that very purpose. I believed they had the high speed WiFi for their customers who needed to back up my phone. I guess what I’m saying is they took out that special and necessary service!!!! I don’t understand why, that’s #1. #2) What are the loyal customers paying for a given service (I think) to do now. I got lost here. Not lost but someone made a decision to drop the ball on their customer who need this to be provided because we’re on LTE. I’m at a loss as to where to go. Where can I find this service? I guess I’ll have to go to my friends and ask to sign into their WiFi. I find this a little embarrassing for I’m always touting T-Mobile to be the best provider because they do what they can or could do for their customers. But no more. My phone has not been backed up for nearly 4 weeks and I’ve made substantial changes I need backed up. Other than that, I love going to T-Mobile but I have no pressing needs save 1 product that we’ve decided is worth the money and monthly payment. Please, I hopeful that enough customer will express their need for their high-speed WiFi to do all they promise to be the best they can be. Plus, and this is not a complaint but I just missed getting a free iPhoneX!!!!
Opening the app isn’t the problem. But every time I try to click on anything in the app it freezes. I’ve closed it down and reopened the app so many times but it still won’t work. The app is useless at this point.
Could still be more interactive with your account. I still have to log into my account on a computer in order to access more account details.
Switched to T-Mobil due to increased International travel.  Could not be happier... do yourself a favor - make the switch - trust T-Mobil!
I was told by a T-Mobile rep (IN THE APP) I could get a new phone. I get to the store and they have no clue. I even have the conversation from the official app saved and show it to them. No good.   T-Mobile’s reps and corporate don’t know what’s going on. 
This app doesn’t work 98% of the time with letting me see my bill. I try to check my balance on each of the devices on individual phones, I have phones for myself and 2 children. It locks up and either says service not working at this time (or something like that), or the buffering circles spin forever and ever. The app used to work, what happened to it???
Data free for seniors more !
The app is not working for me. There’s been “rough waters” for about a month now
On iPad Pro no services due to it wifi only, so your new app does not work on wifi that did on old app. The warning to turn off wifi settings to use services mean you get No services due to not having wifi only functions.  Why get a wifi setup? Because all carriers brag about making free phone calls using wifi, then you get device that t - mobile says only works on the t- mobile net work that is not wifi, intentionally killing my thousands of dollars of my device, Thank you T-mobile to clearly contaminated what your staff conveyed this would work and DOES Not. Okay a more serious update, now t-mobile claims I do not have account and gave my corporation phone number to unknown person, then deny I ever had an account, so gave my corporation number and still cannot find my account, but wait can still log in to new t-mobile app, how mush more weirder can this be?  T-mobile dead from customer services, how do you lose a corporate account? 
So almost pay $200 a month. This application has way to many bugs in it. It needs regular updates. I have called customer services 4x times on the same issues of the T-mobile application. I have  messaged 3x. I NEED the usage check on this application to work!! I have updated my phone. Re-download the application 3x. It doesn’t work via WIFI or on LTE! This has been happening for 6months now. I am going to need to switch providers if I can access all of my account features!
One star and not for app but for coverage over cellular data and the speed and that is pretty slow in some areas and I’m hoping u guys could build more cellular towers or upgrade them so they can be faster or reach more distance and I’m hoping u guys could do this in lapeer,Michigan 48446 thnx
App has been unresponsive and won’t even allow me to log in. TRASH!!!!
‭Hi There T mobil Is a mazing 50.000 Starts company That I think everyone new Suport and service also Which I really wanted to say Thank you so so much For You’re EXELLENT Service Suport Help,And But But Car Tracking devise Is Adorable Is Another 50.000 thousand Fatback I wanna put Just For Car Tracking dives Separate It Works Excellent Very Good think To Have it specially if you are  Married and you have kids Always u can Track wile after school how safe they got home or where they are . First o wanna say Thank For T MOBIL EMPLOYEES AND TO REAST OF YOU:))50.000 STARS TO ALL OF YOU T MOBIL , AND TEAM
t mobile has a great customer service and the mobile app it great love it, the service plan is also great! But tmobile really needs to improve the coverage!!!! That's a most do!
This app requires you to switch the WiFi off every time you try to use it every week or so.
I’ve had T-Mobile for years and I love it!
Have not had any issues with them since I left sprint which was probably the worst ever
T-Mobile customer Service is superior to all other carriers I highly recommend T-Mobile.
I love T-Mobile great service, plans and rates!!!
Overall pleased with service. Disappointed only with the fact that they have chosen to charge additional money to call some of the Free Conference lines used for conference calls. That precluded me from rating the service a 5.0
Very good service all across US states.
My T-Mobile
After 12 years with ATT. My experience is good. The service is good. No complain for now.
I love it
Why does one need to switch off WiFi to use the App? I travel places where T-Mobile service is patchy. There is no data signal. WiFi is my only choice. I am committed to T-Mobile for the commitment they are showing to change the market. Customer service is also good. Sometimes I simply can’t reach them over phone and depend on the App. Exactly that’s when it doesn’t work.
It’s easy to use n keeps me up to date with what’s going on with my bill n pay
Service was friendly , professional and fast, perfect.
Very easy to use and saves time love this app!
All it is supposed to be. No surprises!
T-Mobile offers the best cellular service and the best price. I wouldn’t go anywhere else. ❤️
I have a busy schedule and to be able to view and pay my bill online works great for me.
This app asks me to disconnect from WiFi every time I launch it. I’ve used other providers in the past for personal and work  (ATT and Verizon) and I did not need to connect directly to their network in order to use their app.  Please stop asking me to disconnect from WiFi. It’s inconvenient. 
CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW??? It’s pretty ridiculous these days when you’re the only one with T-mobile, and consequently the only one who has “NO SERVICE,” when those around you with Verizon, AT&T and Sprint, ALL have service. And T-Mobile thinks they have room to BRAG? Pshhht!  Verizon surpasses you by MILES!   Seriously, you should be ashamed at your lousy service availability. With T-Mobile, I can’t walk to the back of a store, and maintain cell service. I have to go back to the front and sometimes even outside, to get service. Pretty pathetic T-Mobile!    Polished and catchy commercials and pretty pink apps won’t keep the majority of your customers happy for long. Back it up by exceeding the customers expectations. THAT is a simple basic good business practice.   If you’re gonna play the game, then for god sakes, GET IN the game, and  even the playing field! You might be $10-$20 per line under other carriers, but you SERIOUSLY lack the same level of quality of service your competition offers.  If you want to keep your customer happy and loyal, then step up your game and deliver what the OTHER carriers offer, but stay with the reduced cost, and you will have HORDES of customers jumping ship from the other major carriers .land boarding the “SS T-Mobile.”   I’m a 56 year old widowed woman, with just a high school diploma, but even I could figure THIS out! (Doesn’t hurt that I grew up  with a father who was very successful in his own direct marketing business and wiped out his competition in l as than a few weeks!) and So, here’s ANOTHER challenge... if you need help... I’m currently available and qqq can guarantee you a happy customer. Come on, just THINK of the attention grabbing potential (and customer migration) to putting on just a regular user to pitch your benefits. After ALL... I’m a real life customer, not a paid pitch person. . Who better to believe! Sherry Munson 
From a business perspective this app is lacking quite a bit. Once in the app I get kicked to your website to login to see billing details, isn’t the app supposed to do this? Almost everything i tap gets kicked out to the site. I’m better off just logging into the website. Also as a side note on the app or web site. T-Mo needs better handling of caller ID issues. Other carriers I’ve dealt with allow you login and change your caller ID immediately. I can’t even label my phone lines let alone do any caller ID changes. Please fix these items.
I’ve had the app about a week ago and I still haven’t been able to do anything on it.
I have a great plan with T-Mobile; which I could change or modify at anytime. Very flexible with payments as long you consistent with making them. So I don’t plan on leaving them anytime soon.
Good morning my service is to slow and get hardly get service when I’m in Boynton Beach area
Been with T Mobile for about 13 years. Im a traveling musician and I have been around the world with their service. It was very reliable and dependable.
This app has never really worked right since I downloaded it over a year ago. Every time I try to use it to get some info about my current data plan or usage it either doesn’t work or I cannot figure out how to find it so I give up. I was hoping over time that the app would be updated to work better but it doesn’t appear so. Don’t waste your time with this one; you’re better off calling them or using the website for help.
T-Mobile has the best customer service out of all the phone companies! I have always had people who have helped me with my problems, were courteous & kind & this last time, lowered my bill!! Way to go TMobile! Thanks!
My phone has been my lifeline to people who support my endeavors by buying into the products and services that I pair them with and T-mobile has been the only communication company that makes this possible for me in stress free way. Thanks T-mobile. You have my enduring support as long as you and your people continue to make this your endeavor😎
Best service
App needs help badly
I been with T Mobile since I was 13 years old and I’m 25 now and I love T Mobile, the best telephone company in the USA.
I try to contact t mobile representative via in app message  to solve issue . Result was negative .in app message not working at all. Try to call representative no answer for 20 minutes. Try to change bing setting . Result not able change bing setting . Total garbage app.
T-Mobile is such a great carrier and the app platform is super easy to understand......unlike sprint!
Im happy with t-mobile since I switched from Verizon
I am a T-Mobile prepaid legacy user. Old school, but it’s all I need. This app is worthless. Requires a new login each time I use it. Even though it has a stay logged in feature that never seems to work from one visit to next. Balance inquiry is not up to date. In fact different balances are indicated on two separate pages. Deleted app. There are easier ways to check my account balance.
Awesome Customer Service
When only the best will do, it’s T-Mobile, now more than ever. Anthony Stefano, Executive Producer.
I wished unlimited data means unlimited, it doesn’t what it means is I paid for so much then good luck in connecting it’s so slow. But I still think TMobile is the best one out there.
I’m always happy now.... I love t-mobile
T-Mobile actually has 6G
Love being a T-Mobile customer!
The app has come a long way from its early days when it was painfully slow and buggy. Would love it if it supported fingerprint.  One question for Devs - why does it not remember my password when I check the ‘stay logged in’ checkbox? 
It easy to pay my bill
Stuck in connecting mode. It only worked once. After ending the chat and trying to go back it always has connect failed. Garbage app. Also not sure why my bill has eip balance for $30 every month when tmobile adds $2 extra for several billing installments already. Shady
I love it how clear it sounds when I make calls the plan monthly payment is perfect
T-Mobile is so awesome you can use hotspot to use other devices and you don’t have to pay extra data is always fast it’s just an awesome carrier and it’s not too expensive. Much better plans than Verizon or AT&T and they don’t throttle your data or make your data counter go fast spot all company
Always get great service from T-Mobile. Have always received respect and help with enthusiasm when I need help.
Does what it’s supposed to do. 👌🏾
T-mobile honors their word! My bill has always been the same with or without taxes and if I need an extension they honor that as well! I love Tmobile I would recommend them to everybody!
App works great until I try to view my bill or pay it then it forces me to use the website, my phones not jailbroken & has latest Apple update, please fix this, iPhone 6s iOS 11.2.5
Unfortunately this app is not helpful, it doesn’t work half of the time the system is always down. So frustrating!!!
I Struggle more than An week to login. Everyday I checked & the app would just freeze . I would have to use the website to login, but then it would take me back to the app .
Very friendly and helpful staff.  Easy to work with, no pressure, make you feel right at home!
I've been with T-Mobile for 18 years. That's like a 50 year marriage when it comes down to the world of cell carriers.  The loyalty dept has been great along with top notch costumer care I would say 95% of the time of the 18 I've hung in. Enough said! ❤ 
Excellent service
From the other carriers I had, T-Mobile is the most real of any carrier. I love how it’s a flat rate with a bunch of perks. Other carriers is a monthly free plus plus plus and not nearly the same perks. Would recommend it to anyone l. ✌️
It doesn’t download when I want it to . If it does at all . It takes forever when it does .
Newport
The best!!!
T-Mobile is the best all around. Price and customer service is unbeatable. Service and contract is superb! Awesome sauce!
Now days great customer service is unheard of. I’m not sure where we missed the beat on training the 20 something’s on that topic but nonetheless, I have to say that the reason I’m with T-Mobile is BECAUSE of their customer service.   Hands down my top two faves specifically for this reason.  Always fun to talk to, courteous, and they will assist in any problem to get to a solution.  Even if the customer IS sometimes wrong.  What they also do is locate the issue and then let you know what other options might be in order to change a feature or update.  Love these guys.  Keep it up!
They are the best company for cellphone deals and best signal all over the city.! Thank you T-mobile.
The app is slow and prone to crashing. Some pages, especially those related to bill pay, permanently buffer and never load. It’s impossible to pay your bills in the app because they neglected to include decimal points when paying. It’s not user friendly at all and the info is displayed in a really confusing way. Would not recommend downloading. You’re better off using your computer.
Love T-Mobile, app and website need work!
Well I enjoy T-Mobile but I have to say the first day we came in we where so mad with att horrible service and being priced so high so we went and talked to these guys who told us we could buy 1 phone get 1 free and they would pay off our att phones and our price would be $60 cheaper than we where paying . Next day we come in talk to the Manager to get set up everything has changed we where misquoted and didn’t meet certain qualifications on turning in our old phones ( never told that before ) and the bill went way up because we now have to pay full price for the new phones so I am happy we left att but now we are paying more than we did with them and the internet speed and connection is way worse if I’m not using my home wifi or work wifi most things take a long long time to load. All in all we felt like we got played by used car salesman with the whole bait and switch method but we got put in a tough spot and had no choice . We spent over a decade with att paying over $200 a month and we will do the same for T-Mobile if they show they are better than them but currently we are not very impressed Staff is nice but prices and deals currently do not seem to be in our favor.
Simply the best.i have tried them all and T-Mobile is the best in everything.From price to unlimited everything.even if your out of USA.they got you covered
First of the month the speed is very good but at the end of the month it is getting worse.
T-Mobile has a plan for those of us 55 and older. $60 for 2 lines everything unlimited. Awesome!
The best customer service.
Painfully sluggish, and sometimes screens don’t load at all. Whether it‘s trying to set up auto-pay and receiving an “Unknown Error”, or trying to turn off Advertising & Insights options which are all greyed out, it doesn’t work. The website is similarly bad. When the copyright of the app still reads 2016, you know they’ve put in minimal effort.
The representative at the Methuen T mobile Oscar Mejia was amazing! He truly helped me out and made me feel like I am cared about as a customer. I will recommend him to everyone I know!
These guys have been great to me! The customer service is personal and very understanding.  If you don’t love your phone company you should switch to T-Mobile!
T-Mobile for the most part offers good customer service even when there carrier service isn’t the greatest. Not too many complaints in regards to experience thus far.
Customer service is always on point! I am never disappointed in store or by phone! Thank you!
I’ve been with T-Mobile for over 15 years and I love them I love how they have good rate plans and they don’t have overages amount your bill is set to be one payment each month no extra over fees over to your next bill they work with you and customer service and inside stores from my experience I recommend my family and friends to be a part of T-Mobile family
Great company Customer service and data plans are the best
I’ve had other carries in the past but for the service & pricing T-Mobile is my choice.
From customer service to overseas connectivity T-Mobile provides great service. Thank you
One of he best phone companies ever
Excellent service and low prices on plans
I love you guys, you have been always helpful and supportive.. But there’s just one tiny thing you guys have to work on it please, it’s the app.. it’s not working well and it’s confusing, specially when you wanna to change ur info card and stuff like that... 
Well it's real good and responsive for what you're paying. Check it out.
Whenever I have a problem,  I just call customer service and get the help I need.
Tmobile  has been one of the best plans I’ve had so far.
I love T-Mobil better than any other network because it’s affordable & very competitive
Please update your app so your customers can access all options there. Your chat sessions haven’t worked for days and it boots me off in the browser. Seems I’m having the same issues with customer service that I did with AT & T.
Great price and better service
Have been with T-Mobile a few years now. I usually don’t bother with reviews but this company has finally got it! Customers are the driving force to a company success. T-Mobile is the best overall cell phone company out of the rest. Superb customer service that truly make you feel that they do care and are always willing to solve any problem you may have. Crazy thing is they just keep getting better and better. Thank you guys for all the great work you do for us!
lovee the hughspeed
It’s good because it haves benefits  And it’s bad because sometimes it go’s slow even if you have the unlimited line...  then when you go out of town there’s no line 
I have been with T-Mobile for two years now and make my payments every month but yet they won’t let me buy a new iPhone X on monthly payments if payment history is an enough then I don’t know what else they need
If you’re reading this T-Mobile has helped your friends, family, and love ones hear the voice of you!  “The voice of you”  Thanks T-Mobile 
I’m using family plan and my mother is the primary but I have my own my-t-mobile account. Every time I use the app, which is not too often, there is something wrong with the server. I cannot get past the home page. Also, every time I go to another page, it always asks for my number & password then the waiting time for it to get open is more than 5 minutes.
AT&T has a “”Mark the Spot” app to report problems. T-mobile could use one as well if they are serious about being the best carrier. You can message T-mobile with the app but it just connects you to a salesperson which is a little insulting when you have a legitimate service issue.
I’m on T-Mobile Amplified and can’t do anything but pay my bill with the app. Changing any service settings, such as mobile video optimization, is broken and just says there was an error. Pointless app if you ask me.
It used to be good but after the last update it stopped working. Can’t access my account on it as it always says it’s an error. It’s been over a month now. I need to be able to access my account faster instead of having to go to the site and login all the time.
T mobile is so much better than at&t
Great service near a tower.  Need more towers for the blank areas.  We do a lot of traveling and need it where ever we go
I was an AT&T costumer for more than 18 years and I regret. T-Mobil has the best signal in Puerto Rico right now, its economic, and trustworthy.
Good service however internet glitches more frequently than a customer would expect when paying all-exclusive service package.
Quiero hacer de su conocimiento que la atención en Ingram Mall es extraordinaria en especial Joel Zavala me solucionó todos mis problemas, contestó todas mis preguntas de la manera más amable. Muchas gracias por todo                           Maribel Felgueres 
I am proud to be with T-Mobile, you have focused on your customers and continuously improve your service. I feel the value in services you provide Along with leading the industry with new policies and improving pricing plans that peers follow. T-mobile you have a loyal customer. Good job.
I’ve been using T Mobile since I arrived to this country 4 years ago, and inclusive was trying with other networks and never can founded other networks companies that offers the plains that T Mobile has. But not only that, T Mobile always has exclusives promotions for their most loyal users, clients and the best of T mobiles is that always think in the pocket of their clients and always has excellent data plains gives them another pretty great reason of loves him a little bit more. Now T Mobile has their own app where I can check my status of my data plan, recharge and more just with T Mobile free App. I don’t have any wishes of change of data mobile company, I will keep using T Mobile, is pretty sure, comfortable and always find a solution for your problem 😊...
I dial a number, call goes through. I send a text, it goes through. Though I have problems with voice mail (message will not play or stops middle of the way) but that may be a hardware issue (U paying attention Apple?!). Other than that, works for me.
Don’t like we are forced to us use Data to use your app.  That is thousands of dollars if you multiple it by the amount for customers.  Another attempt nickel and dime everyone.
Es buena
Everything you would expect for an app like this. Thumbs up!
Simple mente el mejor servicio
I switched from AT&T to T Mobile 3 years ago and I'm still satisfied with them!!
I am giving t mobile app 1star because of the message it shows frequently when I open the app to turn the WiFi off so they can speak to there LTE!!! They should not force their costumers to do that, shame on you
Love them
I always have T-Mobile coverage wherever I’m at.
I love my t mobile app and service never had a problem with either I highly recommend it
This app is so kick butt, I love it! So easy to utilize!
I used to be with Version on a family plan but now I'm out on my own and I had to get my own. Verizon wasn't affordable for just a single so I switched to T-Mobile(help of parent too)and see how they were. They said they pay off your phones and we kept asking so I have a Samsung that isn't fully paid off. I can keep it and have it paid off from them? They said they pay for it all. We had trouble getting the bill to go through to later find out at the store they don't pay off Samsung. Only iPhones. So we paid $200+ for my Samsung and for a crappy service I can barely get on top of it. If you live in the south don't get them. They don't even have enough towers with little service but still selling them. Even the Rep told us that's the big issue.
Best rates and customer service
Love the flexibility, and professionalism😘
I just Love ALL Things T-Mobile! One of the best decisions I've made with one of our monthly services! To me, they are the single most transparent company I have experienced!
My monthly bill is ridiculous.
I love the Tmobile app cos it saves me time.
The T-Mobile app works well on my android phone and tablet, but not so much on iOS on an iPad.  First, it doesn't rotate to landscape.  Second, when I select Check Account, it never logs in to present my account details.  Once I do get logged in, a key feature for me doesn't work:  downloading the summary bill (PDF).  It pops up a downloading dialog briefly, then nothing happens.  Checked the iPad Downloads folder - no file.
The app use to be great. But recently there has been so many issues. When you try to make a payment, it force closes or the buttons do nothing. Want to submit a payment? It’s impossible with their unlinked button. The app takes forever to load and it’s always booting you off the system, making you re-enter your password and username all over again. Looking at your bill is nearly impossible as this app lacks valuable information for their customer. This app needs to improve in both speed and interface, sadly their website isn’t better and has ongoing broken link errors.
Don’t know why I bother because the app has been broken for over 2 months.
It makes everything so easy
Anytime I need assistance or troubleshooting, the reps at the store are professional, informative and extremely helpful.  I always leave satisfied and positive.
Grasias
I enjoy all the features of this company and the staff
My husband and I have switched over from Sprint, and have experienced nothing less than the BEST customer service experience thus far! The service, as well as the staff are awesome! Best choice we could have ever made!
Keep up the excellent work 👍🏼
T-Mobile app always having rough waters? Really frustrating thing.  Tried different troubleshooting techniques still same error since a month. 
I’ve been with T Mobile for over 15 years and couldn’t be happier. Customer service is second to none!
Love the plans and the customer service.
It’s ok. When I’m chatting with customer service I can’t see their message at times, it won’t show up. If I click on the notification message it won’t show up what they say next. Sometimes it’ll show up 5 minutes later or not at all. The app sits there and loads a lot at times .
In my personal opinion AT&T is a lot faster and you can get service almost where ever you are at any time. I never have received toll-free calls until I switched to T-Mobile. I also have never had less than 3 bars when I had AT&T when with T-Mobile I always have none, one, or all but even when I have all the service doesn’t work. Other than this no issues with anything. I give a three star rating because even though I don’t exactly enjoy the service the people in stores and on phone are super nice.
They’re very understanding and work with you
So far so good
Awesome app!!
everything is ok
I haven't seen a so poorly designed and instable app in a while.  First: the UI is terrible - the application was clearly designed either by a person with no eyes or no experience in design  Second: UX isn't any better - it often doesn't show me the balance or when it does, I can't pay for it, since it offers me to pay my last statement (which I have already paid for). In addition, despite it says "add new card" the app could never save any of my cards, which makes me always input them manually. If you can't manage to save the credentials in the app, don't say "add new card" and call it "pay with card" instead.  I liked that there were some improvements on the homepage recently, therefore 2 stars, but overall I've seen the apps of small plumbing services that work much better than the one of your multi billion company. 
Very good
Jesus loves you all and He’s soon to come back.
You get what you pay for
The app is so slow.  I can’t get usage details.  It just spins like it’s downloading but after 5 minutes what is it doing?!     Att and Verizon apps work very quickly.  They both give you nice bar graphs so that you can compare monthly stats.  Why not T-Mobile?! 
So I just switched to T-Mobile from AT&T and I’m amazed at how easy to use the T-Mobile app is! Not only is it user friendly (easy to navigate), it’s also practical! Cool stuff like checking your device for issues, etc... It’s a world of difference for me. In a GREAT way.
Awesome
Finally a cell phone company got it right with putting customers first and having hands down the best customer service around. All the apps function nicely also.
Good,good,very good.
I love T-Mobile
I really like tmobile as a carrier but their app needs lots of improvement.
Everything is spelled out!  First phone company I don’t feel scammed by!
I love T-Mobile it was an adjustment from Verizon but they work with you on payment arrangements should you need it and their customer service has improved by a long shot!! They are always there when you need them in addition they have free data which has lowered my bill.
Always experience drop call , a lot of issue to be resolve , I can’t access my voice mail & I can’t hardly hear the person in the other line or the incoming
I can never pull up my bill. It always says I don’t have a bill at this time. Even when a bill has been generated. Please fix this
Good App
Exelent service
Sometimes you guys are great and sometimes you aren’t...I wish you were more consistent...
Every time I log into the app it forces me to turn off my WiFi and use data to connect. What is the purpose of this other than to be ridiculously annoying?  It also shows my balance for my latest bill, but when I open bill summary/details I get a notification that I have no bills available to view. So I’m supposed to pay whatever amount I’m seeing without being able to review what the charges are for?  Step up T-Mobile and fix this garbage app and make it function. 
I’m not sure why we can’t complete all functionality on the app anymore.  Now anytime I want to see anything or make any changes, I’m sent to the website in the browser & can’t complete the task in the app. Why?
I love T-Mobile! I have been a customer for over 20 years. I actually worked for the company when it was Airtouch Cellular then Voicestream! I’m not going anywhere! John Legere hands down the best and only magenta CEO!
Chat never works anymore , glitches now
T-mobile more value than any other wireless carrier.
It’s impossible to pay my bill through this app. The page just stays blank. Can’t see anything regarding billing. So really, no point of having it.
The app keeps crashing :(
There's a reason T-Mobile keeps gaining millions of customers from rivals.  This app is pretty good with built-in chat to support department, or the option to have company call you back instead of waiting.  I just hope they they keep prices competitive.
Love the app and all the facilities that they have. Plans are confortable for your pocket and they many to choose.
Awesome service
Best service I ever had, no funny false “late” payments or schemes. I can use the internet and text while making a call 🙏🏾👌🏾enough said 💯🤷🏾‍♂️
First off the app almost always requires me to turn off my WiFi so that the app can “talk to their network” why did my Verizon app never require that?  Coverage should be better as I have recently learned from a cell phone tower installer that sadly T-Mobile has a lot of towers but their equipment is sub-par and cannot compete with the quality or service a Verizon tower provides. Invest in better equipment T-Mobile and give us the service we deserve rather than Netflix or T-Mobile Tuesday’s. I think I can speak for the majority of us there.  Just because you put up a lot of towers doesn’t make your coverage good, you need quality and power on top of it. Within a 12 mile span of flat ground I shouldn’t drop call and have full bars between a few miles, it’s rediculous. Give us the equipment we deserve. There are a lot of bugs as well, whenever I try to go into managing one plus or international it has always said we are experiencing errors try again later... there is no later it has never worked for me. 
I love it
I Have Had TMobile for Over 4yrs Now And I Absolutely Love it!! Way More then any other service Carriers I’ve had........ I highly recommend T-Mobile to all my Family and friends
Great and could be better!!!!
I’ve been with T-Mobile for the last 4-5 years. Vary ally ever since they announced their “unplan” that got the contract free revolution going. They are a great company and I love all the perks that come with having their service. Keep up the good work!!!!
Just updated and it keeps crashing once I tried to open the app. Come on fix it.
My bill is always what we agreed on
Worked great until the recent updates. I can’t do anything on it except look at the opening home screen. I can’t pay my bill now, can’t shop for a new phone, can’t turn on Touch ID. Whenever I want to do anything I have to log back in and it just ends up in a loop
Well Done T-Mobile Well Done
This is not a reflection of T-Mobile as a carrier and service provider for which they would receive 5 stars!  This is, however, a reflection of this app. The UI is so clean and intuitive! But it’s so glitchy and buggy that is effectively useless! 
The tmobile app is great for checking my data usage and paying my bill. it’s so nice to be able to have access to this at my finger tips. i love knowing that i’m in control. join the #uncarrier today
I still have a lot of dead zone around my area! But when I have service is the best company in the market!! Love T-mobile!!!
T-Mobile is AWESOME!!
I’m the account holder but can no longer view line details of all my lines. I can only view the line of the phone I’m using. Before I would hit usage and all my lines would show.... not anymore.
Son muy buenos anfitriones cuando llegas a la tienda y te aclaran tus dudas y te ayudan a tomar buenas decisiones al escoger tus cell y otros aparatos !!!  Excelente chicos Chula Vista Ca. 
After I switch from sprint to tmobile it’s like night and day lte everywhere with good speeds and great costumer service
But not great, there is always an issue while using the app. Wanted to see all the activity like before and since they updated it, I no longer can see the detailed information.
If it’s broke, they fix it.
Loving T-Mobile for 3 years. So glad to be at a place that actually treats the customer well!
It does what it should by telling you what you owe, your usage, & such, but it could work better. Take some ideas from the myAT&T app and do something like that. A suggestion would be a Notification Center widget showing current Data Usage/Bill Due/customizable!
Thank you for making me apart of the family from t-mobile
Ok
Love free Netflix:) thank you:)
The best phone company ever
Every time I call and speak to a representative, they are extremely helpful in assisting me. Their professionalism, humor, kindness and friendliness is very refreshing.
Good
Was warmly welcomed by T-Mobile reps Tabatha and Kyle at Oregon’s Town Center Mall and both worked to switch my service to T-Mobile which took some doing but through it all, they were cheerful, helpful and went the extra mile to get it done! Extremely happy with my new plan and the great service!
Por favor mejorar el plan de data gracias.
This review is not for tmobile but rather for the app.  I have been a tmobile customer for about 7 years now. They are great and they always solve any issues I have.   My issue is with the app. Every time I try to use it I have to turn off my WiFi... because they need to talk to their network. Seriously? Hire better engineers. It is very annoying. The app is supposed to make things easier. Please remove this feature. 
Estoy acogida a la oferta de 2 líneas, el principal debe tener 55 años o más.  Bien, en países internacionales NO se puede contar con el Internet de TMobile. Nunca logré (en 3 semanas), contar con TMobile. Todo era x Wi-Fi del lugar en q me encontrara, a pesar de haber llamado y recibir "ayuda". NO funciona!! Antes no era así.
The app just displays the mobile version of the My Account T-Mobile website with no different or improved functionality. Verizon and AT&T apps are leagues better and offer far more options and features in their apps. In addition, the in-app chat support has never worked for me.
When ever I need them they are there. When I need help I get it. Been with three guys since I was 17 and I’m now 29. Team T-mobile
I have been with T-Mobile for the longest and definitely live it!!
This app has never worked, from the initial release til today, even once; I continuously get the ‘experiencing technical issues...’ error message. Strange that with full bars, on an iPhone 6, that it refuses to work after dozens of downloads & reinstalls. seems to be an isolated issue- hoping a new release someday will fix it. Very disappointing.
App won’t let you shop or add an additional line . Keeps jumping back to phone selection. Sometimes won’t start app at all.
Desde que cambie a. T-Mobile nada ha fallado. Estoy muy contento👍🏽👨🏽‍🔧
I’ve been with T-mobile for more years than I can remember. We always find resolve.  Thank you T-mobile 
The app is either 1. Not working or 2. Crashes once you’re in. What gives!? Fix it.
Its the best service ever I know
Buena señal y buen servicio.
T-mobile has a good services, and good deals.🥇 
T-Mobile Hawaii is ok with the services I am receiving from them . As long , I can dial out , texts , and use my data I am very content with T-Mobile Hawaii .
This app is absolutely painful to use. It’s crazy slow to load ages and it regularly crashes. It’s been virtually unusable the past few times I’ve tried to use it.   Save yourself the heartache. 
Happy w the costumer serv but the app can get glitches nd not wrk rite is an issue some times .
I need to bring cost down.
It’s been a great experience they always tried to help and they do. I use my phone al day and I never had a problem with calls..
This app is totally worthless. It does not function and shows my name as “Null”. I have contacted T-Mobile about this and talked with a representative several days ago but no action or follow-up. I was with AT&T prior to switching to T-Mobile, at least their app worked. If this is how the rest of their service will work in the future, I will need to switch again. 
This app was good before. Now theirs a lot of bugs. It won’t even let you speak to a rep through chat. It signs out and keeps refreshing to sign back in and says error after. Making a payment arrangement as well. The app just isn’t as good as it used to be. Better off going to the internet.
I love T-Mobile!!!
I like the app just trying to figure out how I can check the balance of the phones I’m paying on just to know to know the balances i have left on them.
T-Mobile is pretty underrated. The service is pretty good. I enjoy the month to month phone bill over a contract. They always are throwing out deals. Also when I go to the stores the workers are always helpful I was deciding between the iPhone 7 and 8. The guy helping me persuaded me to get the 7 told me it’s cheaper and it’s a tougher phone. Couldn’t be more happy.
I’ve been a T-Mobile customer for almost five years and I’ve never had any complaint with the service or its products. Thank you, T-Mobile.
I wish they would place a tower near my town.
So annoying that the app forces me to turn off my WiFi to access it. The service is crap in my apartment. WiFi is life. I’ve done the booster and all. That was a joke, but anyways... all the money you guys are spending on should be invested in a better app.
It work everywhere I go I don’t have any problem!
My experience with T-Mobile has been amazing. Everything I could ask for and more. It’s easy to change your plan, set up auto pay, pay early, get stuff with t mobile Tuesday’s, their plan has data and text in Japan for when I visit, and it’s easy to get in contact with a worker for any questions or concerns. The only gripe I have is 70% of the time the t mobile app doesn’t work for me. The app is where you can do most of the things listed above in the palm of your hand. I’ve tried uninstalling it, restarting my phone, and waiting just in case it was maintenance. But this problem has lasted for months for me. Even after upgrading to a new phone it happens. And sometimes when I do get in it kicks me out. I usually end up having to log in on my desktop computer at home. I don’t see myself ever switching to a new carrier after my experience at t-mobile, but I just wish the app was more smooth so everything would work seamlessly.
Been with T-Mobile for several years!!!
I think T Mobile’s president needs to be president of all companies. He/she knows how to treat customers... they give back.
Preciate it
Please add the option to pay with apple pay this will make it so much faster to reactivate
Buen servicio hasta por el momento y pagos a mi alcance después de obtener cualquier celular inteligente nuevo.
I love TMobile I have been with them for 17 years and won’t go no where    Thanks TMobile Y’all The Best ❤️⭐️📱📱⌚️❤️
Why have an app when it takes you to their website to access other options? It is very limited and just doesn’t make much sense. It’s basically useless to keep the app when I can do everything when I just go directly to their website 🙄
Great service and great value. You should switch today and cut your bill in half. 😎
Yasss
I like the service
So far I'm quite pleased with the service as well as the app.
La señal a desmejorado un 100%
Great data service and reasonable monthly charge .
💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽✊🏽
Enjoying it
Hey guys thanks for your service feels good to be with you guys !!
What the person said that left the FRUSTRATION Review hit the nail on the head on first swing.  This is very frustrating and we are having these issues in areas that are shown on the map as coverage areas. WHY ? I changed to TMobile after having ATT for several years. I even bought a iPhone 7 , 8 was not abalone yet. I was going to switch back to ATT but it just so happens my phone is not compatible with ATT even though it’s an iPhone 7. This locks you in to TMobile or buy another phone through ATT for another $500 -$700. TMobile is more than happy to take your old ATT phones for $99. Credit . This is very frustrating . The only reason I gave two stars is because the monthly cost is nice and when the phone and internet does work it works good. 
T mobile always best and easy....
I love T-mobile except when I go to NH - little or no service.
Very slow
T mobile has the worst service. Where you want or need service you won’t have but when you don’t need it you get great service. 4 bars with LTE mean nothing, i can have that and my phone still says no internet connection or doesn’t load anything. They are terrible, I’m switching providers. It’s worth paying a little more before way better service. Terrible service
Love it.
iPhone 7s plus - App glitches and looped anytime you try to use chat feature, pay a bill or many other thing you used to be able to do. You are better off going to website the using the app. 
If you’re a T-Mobile customer then you know how they are. They’re current, responsive and truly want what’s best for you and all their customers.
I love my T-mobile services, so much that I have been with them over "Ten Years". Enough said!!! 
This app poor and behind the times. It does not support Touch ID and it is more concerned with getting diagnostic and add info then managing your account.
A: y’all make me turn off WiFi just to use your app WAY too often. That’s unacceptable.  B: the survey while using the app was 100% unacceptable.   FIX THIS. Still not fixed. You lose. 
A big shout out to the folks @611 (Yes when I dial those 3 lovely digits on my phone!)   I love how you’re always there to help me when the stores cannot!! You guys were able to do a JUMP ON DEMAND when the TMobile stores could not!  You guys are Tip of the sword and I thank you for it! The 611 folks know how to listen to your customers!  Love your CUSTOMER SERVICE! MAYBE THE STORES COULD LEARN SOMETHING FROM YOU GUYS! 👊👋😎 
Nuca he tenido problemas con T-Mobile me encanta .
Great service
App not working a week now...not much helping also...
unacceptable. one of the biggest providers app isn’t available for users.. again. get it together, guys
T-mobile now have way better service than years ago, fewer drops calls, i would love to give it 5 stars but since they’re controlling video streaming quality to a maximum of 480p included in your plan i can’t give them a 5 stars.
It’s a good concept but the chat is ALWAYS lagging, you can never get it to work.
T Mobile makes it easy!
I’m so glad T-Mobile came out with an app that allows me to check my account without having to pull my laptop out, or open the website on safari. It’s been a huge help!! 
My family and I love T-Mobile, the service and people are top notch, we have had zero problems and wonderful customer service. We switched from AT&T 4 years ago and have not for one minute regretted the move. Keep up the great work and keep hiring wonderful people it’s working.
Always love and appreciate Tmobile service. I have been a customer with them for about 3 years now and will continue to be a valued customer thank you 😊
I have been with T-Mobile more then 9 years. Good customer service, friendly staff. Keep up the good work guys.   God bless 
This is the best solution for business people crossing back-and-forth of Canada Mexico and USA
I’ve been with T-Mobile for about 12 years now. I have NEVER had a surprise bill. If my bill ever went up it was because I personally added a phone or something to my account. If I decided I didn’t want it then a simple phone call took it off with no hassles. Yes if you go into their stores for service you will have to wait. But their employees are super knowledgeable and do everything in their power to do what you need. I’ve NEVER seen anyone with a foul or unprofessional attitude in the store or on the phone. Their service may not be quite as widespread as the competition, but it’s very dependable otherwise. I highly recommend T-Mobile. No surprises. Ever.
One thing I can say is 99% of the time customer service was excellent and the one time I had a problem the resolution department took can of it right away which is the reason I’ll never change Thanks Tmobile
Better off just logging into the website. The data usage never updates.  Only way to make it work uninstall and reinstall the app!!!!  A widget for data usage would be nice. 
It seems it’s just to say they have an app. Everything you click on sends you to the website. This looks great but like most things with T- mobile, it’s deceptive.
Every time I go to a new screen I have to enter my password and the first attempt never goes through. Yes I clicked the stay logged in box but that doesn’t help.   The app is not usable with this bug. 
Awesome
T-Mobile is definitely the best cell phone provider. With an amazing customer care team that will help you if need be.
T-Mobile is awesome! Great plans for everyone!
I love it the T-Mobile service vs the other phone companies!! I do not change it for any one!!
Love my phone :)!!!
I’ve been very disappointed with T-Mobile lately.. I can’t help but notice the constant slow downs I’ve been having. Not only with my data; it’s also with the hotspot. I don’t see a point in paying over $100 a month when I can barely watch videos without constant buffering or connect other Devices to my hotspot without constantly getting kicked off. Even trying to send this message through this app, to try and get help, I continuously got error messages and it prompted me back to the main menu every time. I’ve tried to send this message for a while and nothing works. I need an explanation because I pay for the highest speeds and I’ve been receiving bottom of the barrel speeds for about 2-3 months... its time I say something. A reply with help would be very appreciated. Thank you.
It’s a great app, but it doesn’t do what I mainly use it for. To pay my bills. It doesn’t keep my card on file and I always have to re enter it.
It does exactly what you need it to do. The application breaks down bills and what is paid per line and per account. Also shows upgrades and updated phonies and what they do!
Super convenient app! I love it works great!
I don’t like the fact that I have to disconnect from my WiFi to access the app while at home. Also, often times, my bills are unavailable or inaccessible.
Ok
Besides having obnoxiously foreign accented customer service reps that are difficult to understand and constantly repeating script when you call in for an issue, the app lags and crashes a lot. The chat now almost never has anyone answer the line and if they do it’s hours after the assistance is needed and you’ve already called the CS line, gotten frustrated and gave up or finally demanded a supervisor come and handle the issue since no one ever can that you actually speak too the first time.  The fact that the WiFi has to be off in order for the service to work is also extremely unsatisfying as they use the excuse of “location services” yet the WiFi would only help locate? Not sure why they feel the needs to nit pick. It’s just inconvenient and ironic that their T-Mobile Tuesday’s app works more fluidly and consistently than their actual account app. 
Not confusing at all and easy. Gets right to the point. Basically have everything I need to do on the top of my fingers
I was hesitant at first because I’m worried about their service coverage in my area. But do far, the service has been excellent. Great savings for seniors.
Love it !
I recently switched from boost mobile to T-Mobile and I’m so happy that I did. They have the best plans, best service and the best devices. This app makes it easy for me to control my account. Its a must!!!
Getting fantastic
Love T-Mobile bc I get free data when using Pandora.
Just joined
I have used this app for at least a year now with no problems. In the last week I have had nothing but issues. Nothing works on the app except the pay bill option. I have logged out logged back in, shut my phone down and restarted and nothing works. I will pick an option and then it will just spin forever and never load. I hope you can fix this because your app use to actually be useful.
I love T mobile
Attentive agents take the time to solve your problems.  No blind transfers or "disconnected" calls whenever you have a question.
Best service ever
I find T-Mobile’s new “service” model to be annoying.  I wouldn’t recommend anyone I cared about to sign up.
We absolutely love the service we received at our local store. Arturo you are the best!!! We are now T mobile family for life.
What up peeps of all types. Join the New Year of 2018  with The T Mobile extravaganza!(-;
Good company
App has great functionality and the ease makes it a go-to over a call.
Couldn’t even chat with representatives, was trying to start a chat and Its not even loading 👎🏻
It is a surprisingly well-made application. Aesthetically pleasing, like the old Zune MP3 player interface.. with a lot more pink
It’s the best out there
T-MOBILE Pretty Cool
Getting the oops message for over a week. Love the call quality.
I tend to get bad reception whenever I utilize my cellphone in my home even while on my WiFi.
We recently got a new plan and phone. The service at the store was incredible. Thank you....thank you...thank you!!!!!
Love this app..
Especially when doing payment arrangements it works great! Love this app!
Top service
Horrible service, waayyy too expensive for what you get, which is no reception, a slow, laggy phone, and horrible app. Luckily they have decent customer service reps.
I often stoped and smelled the roses and thought. “You know what I need? A T-Mobile app” low and behold here it is. It’s got all your needs pulled into one. You have your ability to pay online Some other stuff you probably won’t use.  And an awesome notification asking you to rate that application. 10/10 would download. 
T-Mobile has my back. Reliable service and dependable. 
We have been very happy with T-Mobile up until a recent experience where I was mislead by an employee to sign up for insurance on my device.  It was never explained to me that because my device was not purchased through TMobile, that the insurance was useless.  After 10 months of paying for this insurance, I was offered simply a 3 month credit.  T-Mobile, I know you can do better than that.  I left Sprint after 15 yrs for their lack of concern for their loyal customers.  Please don’t disappoint me.
T-Mobile is the best but the app is slow and has a few glitches in the advanced menus.
Former AT&T Client - Sold on Every Aspect of “My T”  Kudos to You...and Thank You!
Great app and user friendly.
This is my favorite of all the cell phone companies!!
Very helpful
Thank you very much for your help and  family-like T-Mobile on-line and in store  customer service relationships .....
Just awesome!
This app never works. It never loads anything and throws errors most of the time.
Always friendly; most of all...helpful.
I enjoy the features
I have a company phone thru another carrier but used to use the app to pay for my wife’s account monthly.  They changed the app recently so that it only works on TMobile phones with their SIM cards, so now I have to log into their website to pay every time.  Whose job is it at TMobile to make these decisions?  Find someone else!
Like service I get.
Every time I have an issue with my service being with my phone or Internet I call customer care and they always give me excellent service I’m so satisfied with T-Mobile.
T-mobile is the best uncarrier wouldnt have it anyother way ya heard!!!!!
Easy to navigate and comprehensive
Wont load any usage info
Been trying to add international service w app and it gives me error all the time. Ughhh
Últimamente el servicio y la red de internet ha mejorado muchísimo estoy sastifecho.   Con T-Mobile
I always tried to pay a bill but the stupid app wont let me
The best customer service, but then again I don't have much to go on, I've been with them since 1998...
Buen servicio
Ever since I joined t mobile from Verizon has been nothing but positive service. Every time I need something they are able to help me out with everything they can. Always trying to lower down my rates and provides honest feed back!
Service
AAA
So blessed to have T-Mobile as our Provider !!! Great service and data!!!
App either won’t open up things I want to see like usage or bills or takes forever to open, so I usually just have to go through the web instead of app
however when I want to access billing the app takes me to the full site version and or makes me log in again.
Always easy to reach a person by phone or online chat if there’s any question or issue. Very friendly and actually helpful. I believe their cell plans give the most value over any other US carriers and international roaming included. Very transparent billing, never a surprise fee. The App could use a refresh but is highly functional.
Having to turn off WiFi on launch is ridiculous.
Y’all show love with them payment arrangements and Netflix. Lol.
I love Tmobile because they are focused on there customers and providing not only a growing service but great benefits that come with it like Netflix and being able to use my phone international you really cant beat that.
Life made easy
Excellent app
✅great customer service ✅ follow up ✅ awesome pricing  ✅ no contract ✅ easy to use and efficient app  I don’t have plans on going elsewhere!! 
This is actually the worst app I have used in a long time. I can only get what I need done half the time and the web site isn’t much better. When I try to use the messaging within the app to talk to a rep about a simple question, it tells me it failed to connect, seriously?! How on earth can a T-Mobile phone ever have problems connecting to it’s own network?!?!!! Unbelievable. Actually the service in general is pretty lame. I ALWAYS have slow service no matter if I have reached my limit or not and I just don’t understand the point of that. Unlimited streaming is worthless. If I didn’t owe so much on phones I haven’t had in years, I would be sooooooo done with them.
Worst app ever to be “your go to app for everything t-mobile” easily 0 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Won’t let me give zero stars so the one star represents it!!! 
I’ve been a customer for many years & have NEVER thought of changing cellular service providers. Customer service rocks & so does my local sales reps at the stores.
So far I love it. I've seen how success evolved through the years.
Customer service is amazing
Listen the value I get from T-Mobile is awesome. It’s not as good as coverage as Verizon yet but there are so many other things that make them great. Plus I love John Legere the CEO!
Excellent app
3G is not typical 3G on ONE Plus Hotspot.
What can I say? It works great and I love the service. When I go overseas, I also don’t get charged any outrageous fees like the “other guys”
T mobile is one of the best app that I have, it is so easy to use it and I can pay my bill every month, without leaving my house , I love it.
My app was working great at first but now I can’t see my usage.
I’ts very irritating not being able to use this app because every time I do it crashes on me within the first minute of being logged in. Also why is there a stay logged in button that doesn’t actually keeps you logged in. Seriously t-mobile get a better app and have a better team of people updating it so it’s more useful.
I love the customer service in store and over phone. Thank you
Too much bad network
Tmobile is a great cell Phone company.
I just made the switch to T-Mobile from Sprint. So far, I love everything about the app, customer service, sales person still doesn’t mind being a help and answer to my questions. It turns out that the answers to my questions are the answers to my prayers.   After being with Sprint for over 10 years and the last 3-5 months feeling like they thought our relationship was so solid that they no longer needed to try to keep me happy (with data probs, down towers, etc), I thought I’d try the carrier with the happy and friendly sales people. 
The internet service is slow and has problems too much a lot places and areas.
I truly hate this app, one I always have to enter my card information to make a payment. And today for some amazing reason I go to pay and and once the payment goes through it shows me it charged me double my bill. Thanks T-Mobile.
This app is trash. It never works right! Doesn’t update automatically, only able to assign 1 person to see all info on account, constant errors when trying to make payments, view bills, or chat with reps. It’s extremely frustrating and makes me miss my ATT or straight talk apps. Never had issues with them.
T-Mobile is a great company to be with! They’ve helped me with everything I’ve needed, and always give great customer service!
This application used to be fantastic. They’ve done a recent update and now the application is literally garbage. Everything I want to do takes me to a separate web page and opens my browser. What happened to ease, paying my bill in the app, seeing data usage in the app, etc? If you’re going to force me to go to the website, just delete this application and tell me that. What a waste.
T-Mobile has been a good carrier - responsive to the needs of a variety of customer needs. Could be more reliable with more towers in suburban population cernters.
I like the coverage of TMobile. I transferred to T-Mobile to save money. The coverage is good but the billing issue is what I'm not happy. I always received different rate in my billing every month and I always call for them to fix it. I called every month and they try to fix the issue but the next billing cycle same issue to deal with. I hope this is the last month I have to call them. I already talked to their supervisor and issue was already escalated more than 7x. I really wish they will fix the issue once and for all.
For a major phone company, this app is functionally useless. If you are trying to quickly check use or any other details of your account, you might as well buy a lottery ticket!
T-Mobile Always Takes Care Of Any Issue With Speed And Courtesy!
I put up with Verizon for WAY too long! I’m like most people and hate change and procrastination rules. T Mobile is amazing!! Better app... better rates... better coverage... and I’m telling everyone...  SWITCH TO T MOBILE!!! 
I didn’t use international call but T-mobile charge me for international call for unknown reason.
Love data in foreign countries  ROLAND 
Why is it I must be off WiFi but on cellular data just to pay a bill on this app?? So ridiculous and a lot of the features aren’t even accessible. I also find it stupid that the app and website refuses to allow me to access my account unless I change my password that they have deemed I have had too long 🙄
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great app
Trying to look at my bill details only works about 1% of the time. Might have to go back to paper bill as its starting look a little sketchy.
I’m glad I switched from  Verizon to T-Mobile. I’m mostly happy. The phone coverage is slightly inferior to Verizon as I do get dropped calls where I didn’t before. But not too often. Worth saving $30 a month and getting unlimited data and getting free Netflix as a perk
Overall this app does what is needed, when it works. The key part is when. I switched back T-Mobile a few months ago and I estimate about 75% of that time I cannot see my account info. I have opened multiple tickets for this issue and finally hear today that there is a known issue that is being worked on. Hopefully this gets fixed soon.
Used to work great, now when I open app up, it promps for password only.  After I enter password it goes to main non app login site, then quickly switches back to the app enter password again page... continues to do this
There are really only 3 things you need from the app - billing status and one or 2 others 1 this does not give you them. Time is up for T mobile
I hate T-Mobile I’m going back to AT&T
This Application not work properly ! Allways kick me out !! 
Thanks
I couldn’t have asked for a better experience with Stephanie from the Downtown Summerlin branch!! She was courteous, professional, and well informed of her product. Thank you T-Mobile!
🖤🖤🖤🖤
Love the customer service and price but the signal strength is very spotty when I leave the city.
You'd think with several billion dollars in revenue T-Mobile could have an app that displays up to date information. Apparently that's too much to ask for.
The best
You all have good service. Could you make minecraft free on tuesdays as well. Please
For me exelent service
Gets better and better!!!  This was a great move.
Verizon is all about taking your money. T Mobile provides the same if not better service and without the hassle of paying a house payment.
I was a customer for over 8 yrs. T-Mobile had better price when we first used it. I gave it a one star because the customer service is just horrible. Every time when I requested a change to remove service on my account, the charges still show up on the next bill.  I have to called them every month, they said it’s done, but did noting.  I switch to cricket earlier this month and transfer 3 of my lines,  cancelled the remaining two lines. Guess what, got my bill yesterday , one of the lines still active on the account, so they can charge me the family pan.  I called  up again  this morning,  the agent was having a hard time looking up my account.when she found it , she’s even reading a different phone number that not associate with the account.   I try to explain to her that I have 3 lines switch to cricket and two lines been cancelled,  she did not seeing it in the system.  Bottom line,  don’t waste your time with this company, there are better ones out there. They keep holding you up, so they can keep charging you.
The only thing you can do on this app is pay the bill. Always errors.
Clicking buttons on this app opens Safari instead of showing a new screen. Useless.
I have had tMobil as a provider for 16 years and I would never consider changing !!! They treat my like royalty 😘
Can us T-Mobile customers get a better Design of the app? We all think it’s time for it! Please & thanks !
The usage is always crashing and not showing the statistics
Tengo años de utilizarlo y me funciona súper bien
While I am having big problems with someone trying to hijack my acct your reps have always been nice I just wish you would stop letting Seymour my brother access to my info and changing my service and information we are going to try this digits thing but we’ll see
I've been with T-Mobile over 11 years love the customer service experience everyone is so polite and professional I could talk all day with these folks they converse making me feel like we're long time friends keep up the great work I wish all customer service reps were as good as you guys and gals Peace out
slow when trying to view bill summary
Good evening I hope this review finds you well. So let me yell out about my experience at my local T-Mobile, but I have to start from the top. I’ve have my iPhone 5s for the longest time! Recently I updated the software and it completely crashed. I bought a 6s from my friend then that yesterday wouldn’t turn on and I was like “ugh again I just bought this” so I prepared myself to go to the mall since it’s after holiday returns happening I also run a store in the mall and did want to go on my day off. So I upgraded from pretty much a 5s to an iPhone 8 got a case, screen protector and walked out spending $68 and some change. I was like 😁😆😄 and come to find out I’ve been paying taxes on my bill for over a year so he fixed that to. THANK YOU!!!! I’m a 30 year old that’s now in the loop of technology, I actually know what Facebook live is now. Best I phone of my life
After 10+ years of being with AT&T, I finally broke the chains! I just ran a speed test and with AT&T, I used to get about 5-7 Mbit downstream. With T-Mobile, I am getting 47-50Mbit downstream. I even have LTE service in my home and I live in a fairly rural area outside Philly. Very very very happy. I was paying $195 for AT&T’s crappy service and now I’m paying $140. Very happy right now.
I used the app to shop for a new phone, and use it to check my usage. Great app for great service.
It great company
When I first used this app, there were error messages. Now it seems to be running well. One stop shop for managing account.
A satisfacción service Faster, comunicación, !!!
Walked in and walked right out with a phone
Why are people rating T-Mobile as a general entity? These reviews are for the app, which needs work. Many times in the past when I wanted to view usage, I’d have a “rough waters” message. It’s not occurred so much lately, but now, when I try to view all phones in the shop, I hit a snag every time.   This app is in constant need of improvement, and the developers take forever to implement any improvement. I am glad I can now see account details, but don’t even present the option to do something if it simply won’t work 
Always able to navigate through everything I need! Easy terms smiling faces! These people know how to say yes!
When I open the application, it keep saying an error rough water still working on it
Life make easier forever 😜😜
It should have native support and not use a browser. Then what’s the point to wasting space on my device?
I’m loving T-mobile service and they always work with you whether it’s the bill or any questions but I’m loving my iPhone X and can’t wait get my wife hers
Por lo menos puedo hablar de los empleados de Plaza las Américas, son excelentes en el servicio al cliente, dudas o preguntas que uno tenga siempre están ahí. Hablo de la tienda ubicada ceca JCP. Y la última empleada que me atendió fue Xiomara súper persona. Sigan así 👍🏽
Best company ever
TMobile  app. is very easy to use and very informative.
Very user friendly. Great app
I get good service anywhere I go and faster internet better offers and good Quality! I’m happy with this service! I would recommend to all my family and friends!
App is terrible and very slow
Considering the cost, I would expect the reception to be better and improve. 3 years in, only minor improvements
Muy buena aplicación espero que vallan mejorando cada día
Great service and now I’m saving money with Netflix for free!!! Can’t beat that!!
I made the switch from Sprint last November because my boyfriend convinced me. I am glade I made that switch. They always fulfill their promises. The service and single is great. I now have my perfect phone and Apple Watch with t-mobile. I would recommend T-mobile to all my friends and family. Thanks guys! Keep up the great work!
En la zona de Florida Mall en Orlando la señal es fatal toda esa zona el servicio es malísimo y el la Internacional drive, también. Todo lo demás normal pero en esas zona es grave y lamentablemente yo vivo en esa zona y tenemos 9 línea de teléfono, les agradecería que resolvieran ese asunto tan importantísimo para nosotros gracias.   Pd ya tengo más de 10 años con la compañía. 
Every time there is a situation with my families phone and or service T-mobile and it’s staff are always willing to work with me and provide great customer service!
This app is very bad, doesn’t follow iPad horizontal way. Not really good response to iPad system, also not user friendly app.
Does not work in the Polk county area
Es la mejor compañía de celulares que he tenido
Great app except for one major problem. Whenever I want to go to anything more than what’s actually on the screen, a message comes up with: “Try Again or Go To the T-Mobile Website” If I try again, I get the same message. Otherwise the app works fine.  Please fix this as I use this app almost daily. This problem has been going on since I first used the app. 
ALL IM GONE SAY IS...I LOVE T MOBILE
Thanks for the free 7 days 🙂
T mobile rocks
Thus far, it is the best service and customer service “I” have experienced. I hope they continue the great experience.
Great service and price
Great Customer Service!!!
Ya’ll need more towers. Especially in denver colorado. It will improve sales greatly
I have t mobile since I came to USA around 2007 and can’t say that I’m a 100 % satisfied with his service. Actually, since two weeks ago -when I arrived in Santa Monica CA- I started to think that I have to explore others providers because I do not have signal inside my apartment. That it is not a new feeling... it happened in New York inside the subway, in many others cities around California and, of course, when I “crossed borders” and try to use my global plan.  In any event, I must recognize that the company have a good customer service and presence around the USA. That helps a little bit
Super
Blows away verizon! I should of left those crooks long ago, and they get nasty when you try leaving them they refuse to help you. Don’t change T-mobile thanks!
T-Mobile siempre mejorando y recompensando a sus clientes con un excelente servicio, estoy muy satisfecho.
Happy holidays
I should be able to open and use the app when I'm connected to wifi.
Excellent service
E o companie serioasă ,cu semnal bun,tarife bune
T Mobil is ok
I know I am pretty stupid buy why make an app that only shows up in the vertical position.  Where is the “magic” tab to change-not in the app I could find?????  Settings??????
I haven’t gotten it to work. Can never connect for some reason. Always hitting rough water. Tried re-installing with no success. Maybe it’s not iPhone X compatible....
I left went back to Verizon 8 months ago. Worst mistake of my life. Thanks for taking me back
Worst internet ever!!! I pay $75 every month, just because of unlimited internet and it’s terrible! I can watch any video and page downloading very slow!!! Terrible! If it will be the same at this month, I will Chang company! Terrible! I will change my company! They even don’t answer to my messages and you can’t call them!!! Terrible service and company!!! 
We moved over from two different carriers and got a shared plan. We have been happy from the day we set up our phones on T Mobile!! Service is great!! People who helped us set up worked through number porting issues from our other company, etc.. No contract. Auto pay. Yay!!! Highly recommend!!!
Great service ever
Great performance
Love the company
My experience with T Mobil is very pleasant and I am impressed with T Mobil being Nations most reliable data and internet provider. I also like the assurance of T Mobil confidence where I have zero worry about being responsible for fraud and being taken advantage of. Way 2 go T mobile. Love u!
The app is getting worse by the day. It’s always crashing and the chat option barely works. Surprisingly the billing option is always intact.
Amazing service!
The apps functions and features are fine. However, you have to wait it seems eons for bill summary and/or billing history to load to where it’s long enough to just give up. It also always says all lines are ineligible for upgrades even when they are way past eligibility through jump.
Es lo mejor que me ha pasado
Im a real person. Adael F. From Miami, Fl. I Loveeeee T Mobile. They truly are incredible with customer service and the way they treat and help customers. Payment arrangements shi--- for get about the NO answer they ALWAYS say yes they ALWAYS help me out. I am happy i have ONE share of stock in T Mobile. Also T Mobile Tuesdays app, love it always get free movies and free stuff.  Happy Holidays to All 
Great service on the market in TriState metropolitan areas
When using LTE Tmobile slows phone down so slow the page times out...
Muy buen servicio
Make a change... frozen. Look up your bill... frozen. Shows features that don’t apply to your plan (says I have Binge On, but TMo ONE PLUS customers don’t need to toggle that, we have unlimited, period).   Do better. 
Seriously the worst app on the App Store. Looks good at first, then it opens up a window and makes you eventually use the mobile version on safari. Why even have the app if you have to eventually use their mobile version.
Great customer service
I love T-Mobile 💯😘😍
I love you 💯
I love t-mobile ❤️. Fast and always have a signal.
I’m so irritated with the payment system on this app. It’s never easy and it’s always a pain! I literally have to jump through hoops to pay these guys... shouldn’t paying a bill be easy?
T-Mobile is the best carrier. They have best service and is very affordable. They have a plan for every budget. I have been with T-Mobile for many years. They gave me service when Verizon and sprint wouldn’t. 10yrs later, I’m still happy with T-Mobile. Thanks T-Mobile, I’m a customer for life.
Don’t overthink simplicity, let your grandma teach you
T-Mobile is the best. When it comes to customer service or wireless service they top the charts.
It’s telling me to pick a day for payment I’m trying to pick a day and it’s not letting me pick a day
Apple Pay would be really great!
While some providers’ attitude toward customer  service is rather superficial, T-Mobile is genuinely interested in meeting customers’ needs. Their coverage may be somewhat compromised at times, but that can be expected to improve as more customers switch over to this overall better value for their money.
Mehhh
I never dreamed of switching from AT&T to T-Mobile but it’s been one great move. To not have to worry about data overages is priceless and the T-Mobile Tuesday free stuff is exciting. Thanks T-Mobile
TMoblie has awesome customer service. And if keep in contact with your customer service rep about you bill they are willing to work with you on your time frame.
Awesome services, every time I need to call or visit their store I get their full attention and wiling to help the customer, so I gave them a 5⭐️ for exceptional service. Happy Holidays 🎄🤶🍾🥂 
I’ve made the switch from att and never looked back, this service is much better and less hassle to deal with issues.
This app is great always use it to pay my bill. I have never had a problem, it has always been reliable. T-mobile service has always been excellent for me.
I’m happy so far with T-mobile account and phone I’m in my 2nd year with them I had Verizon and my bill kept going up, thank you T-Mobil next your I plan on up grading my phobe
I have talked a bunch of people into switching to T-Mobile. As a refugee from ATT I am especially caring with friends still in the grips of that monster.
M
Excelente servicio
The app isn’t opening. It just redirects me to the website. What use is the app if it’s just going to work as a shortcut to the main website.
I was very pleased with the quality of service I received @the customer service provider ( I don't remember his name correctly, but I think it was Seid). I am new to the country and was not so informed about the financing options available to me' the plans and so on. This guy was very professional and knows about what he is doing and he took the time to explain to me everything I needed to know; which was very helpful for me to make decision. I could have easily left without signing up and buying my new iPhone if it wasn't for his generous explanation and patience. Thank you so much
So far so good. Been a member for years. Best customer server ever. I’ll give more feedback after my next phone upgrade.
Just Love It! Super fast and efficient
So far T-Mobile is okay, but I wish that they tell you about certain fees up front. You will know when your bills come to you.
The lte in reno is always hit and miss. So we have four lines and towards the end of the month the internet and signal is very poor. I have been trying to have my name show up when I call people from my number that I pay for (775) 247 8219 and it still shows up as my girlfriend, Daniela. When we go to the T-Mobile store where we signed up for help the manager says call T-Mobile every time we address and issue. And then he always pushes a new purchase for something we do not need.
Siempre estare agradecido del servicio y la mejor tarifa en el mercado de celulares en Puerto Rico “”” T- MOVIL “””
The Best of all!!
Include upgrades on app
Over sea support is the only downer
My bill is never available due to system experiencing issues.  Takes forever to bring up details
I love T-Mobile  It’s awesome for its unlimited gigs and quick internet and the access you get on the online site 
This app just recently told me to change my old password and put new password that so easy to remember won’t let me log in
I wish I had better connectivity at work.  There are a few areas driving home where I experience drop calls.
I love T-mobile because I want to listen to music and chat with my friends on Wechat
I am very pleased to recommend T-Mobile to anyone who is looking for a cool smooth and friendly cell phone service provider. T-Mobile it's cool nice and easy, a hight tech cell service provider at affordable pricing. There is something for everyone, go ahead and give it a try  I assure you won't regret the encounter.
Les estimo mucho gracias, por lo que hacen
I like the people that work at T-Mobile... their customer service is great and unlimited data. But I still have dropped calls. And no service.
I’ve been on the T-Mobile network since it was VoiceStream, switched to Metro and then back to T-Mobile, and it has improved. I really want to be able to shop everything here on the app, not just phones. Also, the app could be easier to navigate, and why can’t the app determine which phone I have, I change it to the correct one but then goes back to the previous one.
Best app
Bill summery never loads completely
I use my phone to go online rather than use the app. It is the MOST unreliable app I have on my phone. I can NEVER check my messages usage on the app and EVERY time, I mean EVERY time I open the app to use it there is something not working. It is much less frustrating to just go online and look things up way too many  problems for such a large company.
Good, very good. 👍🏾 Excellent service, I never have a problem!! 
Yes I have Tmobile uncarrier
I’ve had wonderful experiences!! Keep up the good work.
Bill payment is broken. Re-Directs to mobile website.   The Applications main function is useless, I’ll just pay my bill online. 
I have the worst experience ever in my life. We went to this T-Mobile location(7115 E Hampden Ave Denver, CO  80224 United States) to buy the new iPhone X. They told us that we have to pay down payment and then we will receive the phone in 3 weeks. We never received any phon in the mail. We went back to the store and sure enough the girl Lilith told us that we should have gotten it. She was not help at all to resolve our issue. After paying $300 we had to pay $300 once again. 
Poor service
Message support and plan modifications don’t work
Please don’t sing up for t mobile they will try to get your money the will lie to you saying you only have to pay a total amount and when you get your bill it will be something totally different. Fraud (fraudulent charges )
6 gb son bastante ! Como no da para 1 mes ?
Great phone company to use.
Information is displayed clear and easy to understand.
Constantly crashes and wont let you add features on plan and very slow!!!!
This app NEVER works.!!!!! It simply says that they are hitting some rough waters.!! What is the point of an app if you can’t use it when needed. I would understand maintenance once in a while but it’s been 2 weeks that I have not been able to open it. Very annoying
I’ve used T-Mobile and their predecessors since 1997, through 2 teenage boys who are now adults. I have always received excellent phone service and customer service entire time.
I've did not have any idea that I had a good CREDIT until they put my information along with approved credit for up to 15 lines I'm so glad they told MEEE 👌 SOOO please 🙏 REMEMBER I'M trying to establish credit for the first time in my life and you are a great N chance giver.  Sincerely Ms. Diana 
So good
Muy útil app
This app starts out looking good. Set up fingerprint id to sign in, etc. Awesome. I can check balance, change my plan, etc. Fantastic!   And then...  You try and check your account. It sends you to a prompt for phone number and password (and the point of fingerprint ID was what, exactly?).   And so, you enter in your details.   After about the fourth unsuccessful try, you start to suspect that T-mobile has one system for ‘pay as you go’ customers and another for everyone else.   And that is how they’ve set it up.   Hilariously, in their home country of Germany, it isn’t like this at all. It doesn’t matter if you’re ‘pay as you go’ or on contract.   So, I shall be deleting this useless app. Good luck, T-mobile. You may just lose yet another customer through a badly developed app. 
I’m a bit frustrated with my current level of service. I don’t like that I tend to get spotty service in more places than I had before. My T-Mobile app never, and when I say never, I mean never, allows me to use it. I can log in and once I try to do anything within the app immediately takes me back to the login page. Any accessory that I attempt to buy there’s always a deposit, I have another line on AT&T and I don’t have that issue. I do love T-mobile Tuesdays, love the rate plan costs. Work on those other things and you guys would be 100% top notch.
I am searching for another Cell phone company!! I’m so fed up with T-Mobil! Every month I spend an hour on the phone getting my monthly bill straightened out!! If you don’t check it, you pay extra!! I went into a store to switch to the 4 lines for $40 each and they really didn’t want to do it!! I just left! If you are all ready a customer, they don’t want to deal with you (no commission, I guess)!!
Really great service 🙌🏽
Love it
okay I NEVER write reviews, like ever, but this is just so annoying that I have to address the issue somewhere. I downloaded the TMobile app 4 months ago and it has been working fine up until 2 weeks ago. Now whenever I try to open the app and login to my account it gets stuck on “Processing” with the spinning circle. At first I thought it must have been a glitch, or maybe bad cell service at the time I tried logging in but no, 2 weeks later and I still can’t get past “Processing”. I can log into the actual TMobile website through google chrome and safari fine, just not the app. I’m very frustrated and annoyed at this and hope it’s fixed soon.
Never used a network that has a fast internet as T-Mobile their unlimited plan is truly unlimited I can access it any time any day and anywhere. Thank you for given me unlimited access to my devices..
I really don't get why anyone gives 5 stars to this piece of junk... 95% of trying anything "We're hitting some rough waters", okay, but really not helpful at all... Other 5% you can see your bill, awesome, I got it as text as well, you can pay your bill, awesome, I'm on auto pay, you can ask for callback, awesome, except that you're on hold just like you called them, so what's the point... Device health always shows battery performance, turn off your Bluetooth, not really helpful... For everything else, you must visit the web page, but even that ends in calling them... So, this app is pretty much calling 611 from your phone, that's integrated into your phone... Total waste of time... 
Estoy satisfecho con mi servicio de T mobile
By far the best carrier service around.  I have been with T-Mobile for 17 years, and I will never turn back my loyalty, and opt out of T-Mobile. I’m with y’all for life! you’re the best, and by far the best customer service I’ve ever had!!  thank you so much! 
Phenomenal
The service is very good in the US. But for those of us who travel a lot there’s no reason to throttle our international data use to 2G. It’s infuriating to see your phone revert to data speeds from a decade ago
I have yet to get this app to work. I’ve had T-Mobile now for three versions of the iPhone and the T-Mobile app has been sketchy from the get go. Currently, I can’t even get into the app as it tells me I’m either on WiFi then when I turn that off I’m on airplane mode and not on cellular data. I’m neither on airplane mode nor not on cellular data. I have cellular data on and airplane mode off. The app needs an overhaul; very sad for an international mobile phone company that your app doesn’t work at all.
I rarely write reviews, however this one is deserved.    A few years ago I left AT&T for Verizon as I was tired of dropped calls.  I accepted a higher bill for better service and was impressed by Verizon’s connectivity.    I then found myself at a disadvantage as i traveled overseas, only to come home to astronomical bills.  I watched in awe as friends of mine in T-mobile could place calls and get service where I knew the cost would be prohibitive.    I switched and my billed dropped by 50% and although I find an occasional cell hole, my experience both in the US and overseas has been superior and cheaper.   Thank you T-mobile! 
The app hasn't been working for about 2 weeks now
Best cellphone out today hands down
They are giving horrible service every other day
Prácticamente lo hago todo desde el App y me funciona bien hasta el momento. La info mas actualizada esta disponible al momento.
I have been a T-Mobile customer for 18 years and they have never failed to give me the Royal treatment! I highly recommend T-Mobile to everyone especially if your current provider treats you anything less than a King or Queen. After all, we are the reason they are employed, right? LOL🤣 PS:Pink (any shade) has always been my signature color! Fabulous daw'ling‼️ 👄👅👚👛🌸🌺🏄‍♀️🤽‍♀️🎟🎆📿🎀🛍💖💓💗💞💕💝🍬🍡🌷💐🐽🚶‍♀️👩‍🎤🎉🏩💒🍭👙🎊(going overboard as usual❗️🤘) 
I switched from Sprint and it’s been night and day switching to T-Mobile I’m gonna bring my wife and step daughter to T-Mobile real soon
Every time my bill is due it just constantly logs me in and out of my account when I go to pay it! Should do another update. That would be nice
It’s okay. The only upside to this app is that I don’t have to talk to anyone when I’m paying my bill.. which is great.
I wish you us had services like cox, I’ve never had an issues with you guys
Great service.
Not very user friendly
I’m an over the road truck driver. Tmobile signal never goes out(lie). My phone died and they quickly replaced it(truth). Great internet speeds(where you can find a signal). I’m on Tmobile because my grown daughter wanted us to save money by being on the family plan together. I’m paying as much as I was paying on Cricket (AT&T towers) but my daughter is saving money. I love her so I will endure the downsides. I’m sure it is marvelous for those not on the road as much as I am.
I like the T-Mobile app.  I can access my information, pay my bill, request troubleshooting.
Why it deserves 3 stars... -Able to view billing, usage, plans, account settings. -Able to chat or set up a call with TMO CS from within the app.  Here’s why it lost 2 stars... -UI not optimized for iOS nor does it yet support the iPhone X’s extra screen real estate. More importantly, the interface feels like an Android, like they ported over from an Android and barely made it sing/dance. -WiFi needs to be off WHILE logging in. TMO CS tells me it was a security feature. Apparently my password and my face isn’t enough to log in... 
Most of the time the app just continuously asks for password. I wish it was a case of you get what you pay for! I pay way too much for this crappy service. The people that work their customer service are always nice but that doesn’t really help me.
Since I switched to T-mobile it’s been great no surprises on bills and much better coverage
I have to call every month and get charges that shouldn’t be there removed. It’s getting old. I will be leaving very soon
Best services ever
Love the app it’s so friendly use ;)
Sometimes it freezes on the loading page and just won’t open. Other than that, it’s really made paying bills a lot easier.
Some of the buttons in the app don't work, it doesn't let me check usage of messaging, minutes, or data in the app
I’ve only had T-Mobile for one month and I’m completely happy. My phone now has double storage, unlimited data for the same price as sprint. I can access data in my house!!
Can't use the app. No option to bypass and use wifi. Very customer unfriendly
Signals are often too weak for my phone to get data from websites download!  I use the phone internationally! 
The app no longer works as it once did. Continuous buffering/looping....I’ve deleted & reinstalled the app three times & the problem persists. Very irrating. 
I absolutely love T-Mobile! From the mobile service to the customer service i am always well taken care of! Every time i need to speak with someone they are always very patient, kind, understanding and helpful. I have never had a bad experience with customer service in store or over the phone. Even when i have to do a payment arrangement for my bill sometimes, they are always willing to work something out so my cell service doesn’t get suspended! I would highly recommend T-Mobile to any and everyone :)
Great deal and fantastic features!!!
The app is very slow and won’t finish loading
I love TMobile. I have always had superb customer service at the store and via the phone. Ive never had a dropped call. I love TMobile!
Great App and it's works like I'm at the store but helping myself I'm in control pretty much.
Great service... I’ll never leave T mobile 👍🏾
No matter if I call the CS line or go into a store T-Mobile I’m always met with great and friendly service.  Agents are friendly and knowledgeable plus they always try and help me save money.
Ok I don’t know why I get the service with this company but I have the worst service experience ever and one time I forgot to pay the bill, and then I have bad time on work I paid the primary bills and I can’t afford to pay the bill for 45 days to get money to pay the bill but they cancel my service  immediately and I when try to reconnect my lines they told me I have to pay the full balance and I decided to pay them and I found out they still charge me even more and the regular payment and the late fee I ended pay them more and 3 times more and the regular service like 750 and they try to charge me $35 plus more for activation for each line but I refuse to have service anymore with them I get my service with other company and I make sure I pay everything Before I leave,I ask to the t mobile represent to check all the phones to make sure I don’t have balance before I leave to take my phones to and other company and they release my phones.  Now they try to charge me one of the phones I buy with them The same phone I pay early because I want to lower the bill and now they don’t want to accept that and I found out now with some people that I talked over this days they are like that when you cancel them service more I digging I realize they are a company all they want is to squeeze all the money they can really think before you make the wrong decision and get service with them I hope I research before ending having this terrible experience paying them for a service I don’t have for 45 days and pay them 3 times more 
They are customer focused, have professional customer service and solution options.  The service coverage is excellent and the perks like free netflix, free redbox movies and gas discounts just add a little something that every member of my family use.  Thank you!
I have received outstanding service from the gentleman at my T-mobile store located in the Spotsylvania mall.  Big thanks to Corey and Kamran.   We were unsure about switching carriers but so far  We are extremely happy. 
Every time I try to do something through the app it prompts me to the website on Safari. So what's the point???
App keeps logging me out! Please fix ASAP!!!
I’m very happy with T-Mobile
Been used AT&T, Sprint for many many years!! Why didn’t I come to T mobile sooner!!! Best deal, best customer service!!! What more do you want!!! Love love T-Mobile!!!!!  ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
T-Mobile is by far the best cell carrier I have ever had.
So blessed to have a carrier that understands and great with communication service A++ wouldn’t rather be any other place just loving my carrier seems like we’re married😂😂😂
Great company to deal with overall. The help support team is very helpful and what keeps me at t-mobile.   Time for time you get bad employees inside the store. Do not let them ruin your experience. Get their name and report them.   The service is great and price is great. I have service a lot of places. 
Best service for the price
Nice data and service
Please do something about it and while you’re at it, please improve coverage in Florida. Especially south west.
It’s a great experience
Signal is the worse!!!! Can’t even view your bill on their app cuz they make you remove WiFi, yet their signal is horrible that not even they can load your bill
Ever since this last update, I can no longer view my bill. App is completely useless. Way to go T-Mobile!
App seems unstable, account info is not available. They will probably fix it soon, but what’s the point of an app if you can’t use it now?
Since I’ve downloaded the T-mobile app, I notice nothing works!!! 1. You can’t change any billing information. 2. You can’t view phone for sale unless you add a new line and even then that doesn’t work. 3. You can’t manage any of you plan feature. 4. You just simply can’t do anything but provide payment information. What is the point of having an app on my phone using valuable storage if it does nothing? For that, I can just go on my safari and access T-mobile from the internet. This, I will be deleting this nonsense and will not recommend anyone downloading it.  On another note, don’t call customer Service because they are being outsourced to countries that can not communicate with American Citizens. Giving my last 4 number to my social to someone in The Philippines is not my idea of safely guarding my account information!!!!! 
Great service! Thank you
La verdad que esta aplicación está genial y muy fácil de usar. Tiene lo necesario para cualquier cliente.
Doesn’t work half the time
Went back to Sprint.  T-Mobile has the worst customer service ever and Sprint was very happy to match their rate and welcome me back #SprintRocks #TmobileSucks and has people in Honduras answering calls who can’t even speak English
So far so good ... just came back :)
Best Service Ever!!
Great
Easy to use , clean look , instant assistant ,
Need to somehow improve the service in certain city’s in America, I go to Mariana, Florida a lot and I have no service.
Very helpful
I’ve been with TMobile for a long time now coming over from the likes of other competitors. I was drawn to the unlimited data plans which everyone competitor wants to be the new TMobile. People assumed and myself alike that you would sacrifice service for the great plans and rates. That was not the case in fact my experience on the phone, and in person have always been 5 Star. I’d like to say the reps at the TMobile store in Huntington Beach Bella Terra Retail Center are the best. I drive down 14 hours from Northern California just to go to that store. I’m from the area but moved up north for work. I can’t say enough about how well the reps at that store treat everyone. I’m pretty rugged mountain man looking Sasquatch and they’re so nice to me. Hahahaha
The app needs fixing 99% of the time it doesn’t work either fix it or take it down.
App never loads ever since the last update. Lame. 👎🏼
Just need more Hotspot data!
I love t mobile
I love paying my $200 cellphone bill when I hardly ever have cell signal. I’ve called customer services a million times and they can’t seem to make it right. Don’t even get me started on how horrible the app is - it NEVER works. Pointless! Hate T-Mobile with every fiber of my being and will be switching ASAP. Do not let the “cheaper” price fool you - you definitely get what you paid for. Wish I would have went with Verizon or AT&T even though they’re more pricey...at least I would be able to use the phone I pay for.
I been a costumer for almost 3 years and was late on 1 payment , they ruined my ability to add accessories to payments. App occasionally crashes. Stay logged in setting never keeps me logged in !!! Other than that app works great
There are no scams, and my bill stays the same no gimmicks or random charges. They are great
Y’all better than Sprint 🙏🏿
La tienda en Plano es mi favorita! Todos son alegres y siempre sonriendo
I have to be off wifi to pay my bill and everytime I try to use the chat feature it bugs out and says it can’t connect to the server.
Easy way to pay bills
On point and is valid.
The App literally takes forever to get it to log me in. I have to go in and out till it finally allows me to log in!
Because they are just the best of the best
I am not able to log into my account after the last update
Great customer service. Very helpful and patient.
I love T Mobile and their service, but their app fails me constantly. It’s slow, it fails to refresh, and it’s constantly telling me to turn off WiFi. I’m not really sure what the point of an app is if you’re not even able to use it!!
They always seem to want to help and make sure we have the best service. I’m so happy with them.
Whatever it shows 4G is never trustworthy.  Only reason I stay with it is the unlimited oversea data that I need while flying overseas.
Needs to update speed on loading things
Need to work on this app so people don’t waste time.
Why do I have to have wifi turned off to use this app? What if I don't really want to use cellular data and don't want to have to turn it on and wifi off every time I want to pay my bill? I might as well save space on my phone delete the app and use their website.
I have a service issue so I need to use WiFi but can’t start app with WiFi really stupid.
It is more affordable than other companies. With the unlimited hotspot, I don’t need the house internet, and with free Netflix, I save 100.00 a month. It is awesome. I have coverage every where I have gone so far!!!
Anthony at the T-Mobile store in Salem Oregon is Awesome he deserves a party with John Legere!
Omg. The app constantly updates EVERY update means I have to set it up again   They clearly don’t want anyone to use the app. It silently disabled itself after each update. It’s like they want me NOT to use it. I keep missing calls and txts 
A little disappointed in coverage. Tonight I drove through an area where I didn't have cell coverage for about 5 miles. It  was in the country and it made me nervous because there's a lot of deer in that area; thankfully I didn't need to use my phone.
I was able to lower my costs by switching to T-Mobile. I was paying another carrier nearly $300 a month on two lines (family share) of only 6 GB a month. T-Mobile lowered that cost by $200 per month on 2 lines with unlimited Talk, Text, and Data! Because I’m a senior citizen, I also received a discount plan for that. I just wish I had 