内容
Tinder has ruined dating for those looking for LTR’s... ladies if you want a relationship get off the site! We need to bring back old fashioned courtship!
It’s stupid that you can’t upload pics from your camera roll.
Won’t load anyone saying no one is around me. I try to adjust the range, or adjust anything for that matter, and “an error has occurred.” Every other time I go on Tinder it tells me I need to connect with Facebook, then tells me I’m already connected with Facebook once I connect.   If the next update doesn’t fix all this then I’ll delete Tinder. This is a sign that I don’t need apps to look for dates. 
Lack of favorites and no way to search by date or location is a big missing link.
Need to know job height and where they live. Basic info
Too many fake profiles.
It
I need a 101 on what the symbols mean, so that I don’t hit “1” thinking this is a message to me, and it turns out to be a freaking super like, which is NOT what I wanted to hit. I can’t be the only one who doesn’t know what the functionality of this app is. So it makes for inaccurate interactions between people. What a waste of time!😡
Like the title says.
Too limited unless you’re willing to pay 20 bucks a month.
It used to be good until they limited the likes and started charging for everything.
The dating world online is not something I enjoy, but Tinder makes it simple and fun.
Not enough filters. Too many people. No one ever messages back upon matching.
I need help, the recent update deleted all my matches and conversations!! I’ll be extremely dissapointed if this is not fixed!
I’m very unhappy. My perfect tinder match blocked me. I blame you for this heartache.
Sometimes women pop up on my options or profiles with no face picture. I joined this app thinking there was a better screening process.
Trash that works
Way too many scammers and fake profiles on this app!!!
O tinder é um aplicativo excelente para conhecermos pessoas novas e com o perfil que queremos! Além disso o aplicativo é democrático pois não faz uma exclusão de quem não paga; apenas quem paga tem mais algumas vantagens! Mas quem não paga aproveita o aplicativo 100%; sua plataforma é excelente e totalmente democrática para com seus usuários; continuem sempre assim!
I was banned for, quite literally, no reason.   Emailed customer service and was told I violated customer service “in some way.”  I had my Tinder account for over 3 years and had paid for Tinder Gold Account. What a joke of a Company. 
Stop limiting swiped
My account does not update/sync to tinder app on other devices.
Cool
It’s a pretty effective way to meet people that you would not normally cross paths with.
Need to verify all photos and follow through when someone steals and reuses other pics that are not truly theirs!
Easy and convenient for both part. I’m real and more of the girls I meet are
Tinder makes good use of the few real interactions and your data to make fake interactions that never lead to a real conversation or date, the longer youre single lonely and working to death the more money they can make.
You guys don’t show everyone in my area and it’s annoying.
Pretty bs that men have to pay to see who liked them but girls get to see who like them. All these dating apps are just for the money don’t care about the people that are trying to find happiness or that special person.  The people who made this app are scum.  Hope you get scammed and lose your homes. 
Every  ten profiles  nine are fake, tinder should check better the people information  before they get here.
One thing I really hate about these apps is the amount of fake accounts. I report many fake accounts daily and nothing happens to them. Also, I hate how you could match with someone and they do not reply (this makes me believe the account I matched with is fake). I have matched with so many people and I’ll only get one (2 if I’m lucky) person to respond to me. No I do not reply with a “hey” I usually mention a pickup line or compliment them. Tinder should add a feature that gives the other person 24hrs to respond or it unmatches them.
Definitely not showing accurately users in the area.
Great!
Sometimes the chat takes quite a while to update when new messages come in
I’m close to deleting my account here because only women can contact a man, and the only “women” that have contacted me are not who they say!
Tinder won’t let me change age range. I have tried several times. I keep getting pics of you’re men. I’d like to look for someone within my age group 55-75 please change it for me. Also men from my area not so far away it would be impossible to meet for a coffee. Please let me know if you get this message. It’s very difficult to reach someone for help Thank you Shelley A Staffig 1-352-205-3334 
To use other options, Tinder wants $20 or $30 a month! What are they thinking!!!! Way too much money!
Tinder would be better if u had a racial preference because if you’re looking for a specific race it’s kind of tiring to have to wave through a lot of one race to get to the other.
There are more fake people than real ones. Pretty disappointed!
Bbenff
Waste of time all scams
Needs free right swipes
Men on here are just looking for sex
I feel like every guy who I have had contact with on here is trying to scam me. Their profiles says they are in my city but when we talk they are 1000’s of miles away and none of them speak very good English.
I really met some nice people thanks this app. It really works like magic and provide you whatever thing you desire or you want.
What a fantastic app and way to meet people.
You have a lot of men saying they are military and asking for money!
My account was removed while I was swiping and I did not break any guidelines. I lost all matches and had to start over. I had also just bought super likes
There should be a map that shows where your matches are in comparison to you, something like what Snapchat has
Way to many fake profiles and prostitutes. Its also funny how more profiles seem to show up after you’ve used all your superlikes. Its total garbage.
Good
The swiping was slowed down for whatever reason, making your exposure rate significantly drop.
Keeps asking for feedback. It’s annoying.
Lots of fake profiles
You need to show mileage on the screen.  So, I don't waste time!  Please!!!! 
It crashes often and will hang while updating pictures
One guy was showing he was 69 Miles always but he was really over 2000 miles away. Not sure what this about. Checked his location the next day and it changed to 268 miles away...... really confused....
Most of the time, I’m in doubt, some of action we did is not real or touch the reality, like extra service available in Golden tinder.
Horrible. Not the app but all the C-U-N-T-S  they allow on. This society on a whole is disposable. No one wants to work on their attitude or personally. This feminist movement has completely destroyed dating. If you’re not underwear model hot you’ve got .01% chance of getting more than a look and then being constantly ignored. Of course girls are shallow and complacent.. not to mention cavalier as hell. My great personality?? Blah they couldn’t give 2 flying SH!TS about that...
Need more info in biographies
I have like 150 matches and get like one message a week. There’s too many people aimlessly swiping right on everyone and picking and choosing after that. It’s how they get out of paying for Gold. Just a big waste of time.
Радости от использования нет. Навязчиво выпрашивают отзывы.
It's alright.
Nobody likes me
Good but wish I could filter matches by location like Bumble
Huh
So far I have been banned twice for reasons I have yet been made aware of. I got an email saying that I have “violated” their terms of service. There first time, I did not know that I had been banned. Then I made a new account and even subscribed, too. A day after I made the new account, that I was PAYING for, it had been deleted. Good job tinder for awful customer service and way to lose another user. I did absolutely nothing to violate your terms of service- I barely had my account for three days. I had conversations started with people I wanted to continue to talk to. If I could put zero stars, I would. As a female, it is nice to use this app to make new friends and connections. I guess I won’t be doing that any longer. Thanks.
please delete my comment from your servers that was a mistake is not fair to the company   ok? 
Piece of crap app in every way possible.
The best site to find your perfect boyfriend
Love it!
BRING BACK TINDER SOCIAL (all caps.)
Hey thanks for giving me the option to respond. Now I’m happy to give you a good rating. 10 points for Gryffindor.
it is amazing, you meet so many people from all over the world.
Tinder needs more hoes, more hoes, more hook ups, everyone’s happy
I'd prefer to review things because I enjoy the apps. This rating pop up is annoying.
Bite me
I use to like tinder now only about 1 out of 10 profiles is an actual real person the others are stolen pictures being used by Nigerian scammers.
1/12/17 - Thanks to this app my body count has hit 40. Would've never gotten there without this. Do yourself a favor and do the same!  Update as of 8/21/17 - At 73 now, this app is the best. Thanks tinder for helping me on the road to 100!  Update as of 3/1/18 - My goal was 100 by today, but I completely smashed that and I got to 112. Wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for tinder plus. Hoe is life. 
So dangerous! It might be ok for younger people under 30 but after that age the people become very damaged and are often in relationships/married. There are married men on here looking to use someone for sex until they go back to their wives! I was deceived by one not long ago and it destroyed me. Please don’t use this app to meet people.
Great for meeting new people when you are new to a city
It’s fairly ok but it needs to bee more open lol 🐝
She’s the greatest
I matched with Darth Vader, my life is complete. Thank you Tinder.
awesome app
To expensive to do basic things that should be free. One super like every 24hours ? What the heck
Way too expensive for a 30 min boost. You should get 1 free boost a day as a paying member.
Every profile is fake it seems. People from Nigeria or Iran trying to scam you
As a black person, you would hardly get a match. Why? Can tinder improve on racial sensitivity? Oh Tinder should just be made as a “white people” dating site
Stop asking me to write a review
This has become the perfect platform for me to share my llama romance novels to hot girls. I've become the Nicolas sparks of llama romances.
I ENJOY YOU TINDER BUT IF YOU KEEP ASKING ME TO RATE YOU IM GOING TO SWIPE LEFT ON YOU SO FAST YOU WONT EVEN SEE IT.
I am trying to match with chill chicks with my bros where the F**k did tinder social go?
Haaaa
My age is 10 years less all Of a sudden and I can't locate any place to modify a birthday 
I don’t want other people to be able to see the gold heart. I don’t like that they can see I paid for tinder gold. Also, sometimes I want to talk to my matches without making new matches, so I don’t turn my location on? I need to save battery. So that would be a good fix.
Tinder is trash. I’ve downloaded and deleted the app so many times. Years ago when it first came out it was a bit better, at least more people would actually write messages back and forth. I reconnected (and dated) an ex-coworker which was fun. But then there were more and more users and changes made and it all went downhill from there. Good luck trying to use their “support” for anything, all they do is send the exact same things you can find in their FAQs. Also, apparently the latest update blocked/banned a bunch of people and they REFUSE to give any reasons or information or help resolve the issue at all. This app is complete trash.
Eliminate fake accounts by improving the verification system
To many fake profiles
Meh
A lot of fake people. It has become a game of how fast you can call them out.
Been with my girlfriend (who I met on Tinder) for 1 year and 2 months now. I would not have met her without this app, so I definitely have to give it the highest rating. Thanks Tinder for hooking it up.
The new update crashed the app. I can't do anything on it.
....
Far too difficult to make connections, seemingly as a way to urge people to pay for “extras”. Tinder Gold should offer more perks to earn it’s “Gold” description.
Guess I’m ugly as sh.it i shoulda knew better than to trust the internet The app trash 0 stars 
Too many ads
Make me get more matches. I need friends.
This app seems to log me out every day.
1st it will say they are 20 miles away but after you chat they really live in another state??? Or try to get you to join their hook up sites...
Does exactly what it says
This just emphasizes my loneliness
Way to many fake scamming profiles
Hated the previous aggressive prompting for reviews but the new method is much better.
If not paying, they basically fill the stack with randomized pseudo profiles to waste what few swipes you do get, pepper in a couple real profiles but then hide yours from them, and match you with those never seen or are way outside your radius. Total scam and paywall...a violation of App Store policy, if they cared and this wasn't a $ grub for them as well and why despite thousands of new bad reviews since gold came their star rating is unchanged.
mmm yes i met my partner on this stoopid all and i lov them a lot tinder is ok but like thanks 4 helping me find the loml
Not enough free likes... i like 10 girls in a row and boom I’m outta like ma for 12 hours FOH
Everything is alright the app works, but that stupid notification keeps popping up… "somebody likes you 😍" look you know that's a lie, I know it's a lie so let's not do this dance 3x0=0 so 3x more swipes doesn't mean diddly squat.
People just matched and don’t chat. App should force people to start conversations.
Not easy to use and expensive for what it is.
I’m only providing this review because you finally stopped forcing people to rate the app! That made me give 2 stars instead of one. The app is good but for god sake, stop forcing us to rate it every few days.
I love the app,  but if i could change one thing it would be the match screen. I wish it was a small banner instead of taking up the whole screen
I am enjoying this application.
5 Star
Every time I get on tinder it asks me to rate the app. Stop asking me. Besides that it’s pretty good
There are many fake accounts and spammers in here, i have been matched twice with the same fool different pictures same sb story. I reported both times.!!! 
I can’t get to my profile to add pictures or to write anything could somebody please help me
After years of using tinder without any problems, last week I was suddenly banned for no reason. I’ve been nothing but respectful to women I’ve messaged, and my photos were all appropriate. No hope of getting my account back and I’m severely disappointed in this app now.
Despite me not getting lotta matches is China, I still love Tinder. I think unlimited swipes should be a thing. Might as well increase the quota
So I got an email today saying I was banned n would no longer be allowed on there.. I’ve never posted any nudity or harassed anyone.. I’ve tried repeatedly to understand what happened or if my account got hacked... and there’s no response ... I think I’m at least owed an explanation.. with all the fake profiles on there they ban me.. stunned n very upset
It’s not to bad of an app Iv met one girl off this app but a lot of girls really don’t get on that much or read there msgs
I have tried multiple times to contact you about this issue and nothing has happened at all. All that you need to do is about 30 minutes of coding and you can make this accessible and then you would not be breaking the law for discriminating against my disability.. The American with disabilities act says that you have to offer any services that you offer to the general public to any users that might need an accommodation because of the disability. Because you did not and have not added VoiceOver support, visually impaired or blind users are not able to use this application and any of them could sue you for it... if an update is not provided seven that makes this accessible to the hundreds of millions of visually impaired people, I will be contacting my lawyer as I am a board member with the national Federation of the blind. We have very good lawyers, we just want to be able to use the application like the general public.
Used to use the app. It is great when traveling and wanting to meet people. I have meet some interesting people.   For the past few months it has logged me out constantly and drops my messages.   Recently I have been getting my messages days later due to logging me out constantly.   Would love it if it would stop logging me out constantly. 
Loads of fakes, scammers, escorts, etc. Loses matches, notification indicator is always off, etc. Total piece of junk.
Don’t mind me just writing a review.
The app is great
I have been very successful on this app am gone on many dates and countless experiences. I would recommend this to anybody single or just looking
This app totally helped me get over an ex, and find many friends to talk to and I got to explore many options ❤️
Very simple & easy to use . A lot of cute guys!
It’s easy to meet and date girls through this app. I’ve gotten matches with real people, people who look like their photos and were down to go on a date after some messages. Great app.
Watch out for this unethical company. They will automatically charge you for six months of subscription renewal WITH NO NOTICE WHATSOEVER! On top of that the company policy states that you have only have 72 hours after it’s posted to contest it. Even though you weren’t notified you bought it. If your not frequently checking your bank activity, at-least twice a week, you can very easily get screwed out of $56.86. I was fortunate enough to catch it looking through my banking app while modifying my auto loan. But that’s an extremely dirty and unethical way of conducting business. Apple you really need to step in and force these companies to at bare minimum notify you via email 48 hours before automatically charging your card giving you 72 hours to catch it (bare minimum buyers remorse law).
Simply Amazing. Easy, and smooth to use. Works great for NYC area.
The app continuously crashes on me and does not allow me to access other apps while it is in use. I recently updated the app today and it is not allowing me to open it up. So much for “bug fixes and improvements”
This is good
Okay so this is an honest review. Plenty of people say, “ The era of tinder is dead.” It’s not dead you will get what you put into this app. If all you do is like pictures and make shallow conversations then naturally you’re not going to find anyone likewise for most dating apps. I put in a little bit of time and effort and I’ve met plenty of girls and been on a few dates. So, before you knock this app sit down and dedicate some time and you might just find someone.
i've been attempting for days now to get back into my account and nothing has been happening. i have it connected to my phone number and just recently redownloaded the app. i've been trying for days to get back into my account (never deleted my profile) and ill press send the code to my phone, and hours will go by with no code.
I am banned for something? I have no idea why I was banned and I do not believe I violated any terms. Once you are reported there is no appeal process, you are simply banned.
Does anyone know if iTunes automatically charges you the full price for of tinder gold for a whole year or do you pay monthly? I’m confused because when I went to purchase it gave me the price for the whole year and I just want to try it for a month....
Tinder banned my account for no stated reason. I’m glad they did though. I had tinder gold, which was a waste of money. It shows how many likes I have, but it’s impossible to swipe through 2,000 people. It’s annoying and tedious. If tinder had a filtering system, then I wouldn’t have to waste my energy swiping on someone who wasn’t my type. Also, range doesn’t matter because I get likes from people 100 miles away even though I have it set to 10 miles.
Cool layout and concept.   Easy to use.   Poor account verification process leads to a significant amount of fake profiles. 
I just wish they would let us send picture on this app. Other then that it’s great
Man this app is freaking awesome! I mean if you’re not a creep and have a good model face or just be photogenic as well the actual person on the pic then you will be match!! I like it.  Now the bad part is that, they don’t specify how much you put for subscription.  On the subscription you should actually put the amount you’re paying for the subscription, otherwise people will go for the cheapest thinking it’s a good price then in the end it tells you that you payed $82 for 6 months and screw you up. XD 
Thank you
Crummy customer service that is all...
Best hook up app on the market. I am run the casualsexproject.com
Payed almost $100 for a yearly subscription and hardly got any matches on this only to find out that just about a week or so with still a year subscription it won’t let me log in I’m 18 years old I contacted support and told me to send pictures and I still can’t access my account
All I ever get is cam girls and girls who are only on here “to have fun” so many fake accounts to..
I’m ugly and nobody swipes me
Be safe!
Men strictly join this service to get laid. Join if you want hookups because all you get on here are pickup artists and pretend "nice guys" who try to violate you. Just to give it a fair review, i paid for one month of tinder gold and I still didn't get any quality matches. Research also suggests women are doing most of the work on the app, being the ones more likely to contact a match first. Men basically just try to match with anyone with absolutely no discernment so it defeats the purpose of the app if they don't even actually want to talk to us. Most men won't even fill out their profiles or just put a few emojis. It's ridiculous.  Just don't even bother with online dating. I really gave it my all and now I'm just tired. 
Ok foreal tinder has permanently blocked me from using there app for no reason at all i didnt do anything inappropriate or completely anything it kept saying sorry error 40303 wth is that please explain tinder smh 0 stars for this app
Hoes on this bih stay playing.. reply once then won't reply again
I mean there’s a lot of those accounts that are fake or someone selling something but other than that I’ve met some interesting people
For the love of all that is horny how hard can it be to provide some extra options for transgender and nonbinary people, am I not allowed to be in love?
It’s been a while now since I can log in to the app. I paid the tinder plus which is almost $30 a month and still I don’t get access to the app.  Code is never received and error 301 keeps appearing on my screen.   Tinder’s customer service is so bad !! Just emails asking for things but never a reply with a solution. No phone number to call. Just like a robot email reply.  Pretty bad !! 
Great for meeting new people dates, making friends. Or just a place to chat. I love it
There is a lot of fake profile on here cuz Tinder wants to show you they have busy dating app compare to other apps.,.,., and so on
Met some hella great people, even fell in love with one of them before she eventually left me cause her parents didn't approve 👍🏽
Like the app but not when it keeps freezing and closing out. Great customer service. Not! Until you get it figured out I won't be using it along with however many other people.
hahaha good to talk
Ok so I’ve been on and off like 5 times mostly to prove I’m right and that this doesn’t work at all. In order to get results you need to talk. I send a message a person and do maybe 20 a day or swipe as many as allowed In a day. I never get any response. I’m the guy that all girls claim to want but settle for the guy that beats them up.  Try communicating it helps 
For some reason it just returns to the login screen when you press the login with Facebook button
If It shows I have three or more likes on me, and I use all of my swipes rights without swiping left I should at least swipe right on one of the people that swiped right on me. That’s just some bull.
I like everything about this app, but I think there should be a race/ hair color option to select, everyone could be required to put it on their profile and you could say what races and hair colors you like and dislike so you don’t have to waste your time swiping through them. Just a suggestion!
Hopelessly broken now. Basically started crashing every time I use it, and when I reinstalled, I get no profiles to swipe on. 25 mi radius! Adds insult to injury. Few matches, many bots. How would forking over money help this? When I do match, the other person often doesn’t even respond or the conversation just fizzles out before meeting in real life. Different areas will certainly yield different results, but with every profile representing a possible match, it makes no sense that I’m not getting many matches.
I can’t create my account yo ????
I love this app I meet the hottest man and dating one now !!! Most of all your not pushed to pay for it so it’s free 😀 one time I did pay and I had access to even more hotties and I could go back and forth and see who liked me versus when it’s free you don’t see them until they respond but anyhow awesome app 😉
This app is horrible. I had it downloaded for a legit total of 24 hours before they deleted my account because they “updated their policy to adapt to users and I am no longer in the age range... I am 17... and on the App Store it clearly says you have to at Least 17+ to download it...” So I’m so glad I didn’t put money towards the app or I would sue. Don’t download this and get screwed over because it says it’s “popular” it’s rather a “piece of sh*t”
Why can’t I buy a 1 month tinder gold subscription, why’s it got to be 6 months for $50?
Even though Tinder is usually a hook up app, me and my fiancé took it differently. We matched soon after he moved to his duty station and messaged each other. He is my other half and we’re getting married this weekend!
I was banned without a warning, I don’t really know why, but I don’t really care either, but I had upgraded the the $9.99 package and I was banned 2 days later , then they charge me for it again.. I will be disputing this payment .
I have had a blast dating on this app. And I’ve met some great guys on Gay Tinder. Be safe and meet in a public place, and be honest in your communication, and you’ll be fine. The app always works and I love how you can immediately communicate with your match. This app rocks.
It’s alright
This app is great for what it was made to be. It’s set up so that you get as many matches as possible with your pick of who you want. If a person likes you and you like them boom fireworks or that’s how it’s suppose to be but most of the time people don’t message you the other times it’s people you change your opinion on and other times you message someone and they just ignore you. It’s a great app it really boost confidence and decreases insecurity. Would highly recommend to this with low self worth such as myself and most of the world.
Obed used Tinder for five years. I’ve meet around 50 women from this app, around 2016, 2017 and 2018, Tinder had gotten stricter. I’ve never send D pics over Tinder, never threaten anybody. One month, I decided to make a Tinder account & then delete it few days latter, I deleted & re-started my Tinder account about 7 times in one month. I also paid for Tinder before, one day I got a error message of being permanently banned, due to the local women reported me for being spam account, since I deleted my Tinder account. I attempted to reach out to Tinder. Customer service was poor, it took four days to get a respond & the respond was one sentence. I am disappointed by the way Tinder treated me. In the end, I was permanently banned from Tinder app.
I always skipped the rating pop up and always told myself I’d rate it 5 stars once tinder got me laid. Well it did. So 🤷🏽‍♂️ 
I love it so much great things about it life is gray my bread is great man I love cats the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog man the sky changes color and he regular so great I mean the greatest just great
Meh
Esta travando muito ultimamente!!!! Quando clico na foto de alguém para ver trava meu celular todooo, ou quando desci a tela para ver a descrição das pessoas. Isso é terrível, e não é meu celular pq eu tenho um IPhone 5S, todos os outros apps rodam muito bem, mas o Tinder só trava!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sweet app
As for functionality it seems good so far. It works, doesn’t crash or have other issues. Haven’t had any luck on it though. All the likes I’ve given and not 1 back but that’s not an app issue.
I wasn’t sure about online dating, but I have actually come to really enjoy Tinder. I like the ease of use, and the gold plan simplifies the search process.
This app is hit an miss and the people on it are mostly rude. Only had one decent match after a few months. Seems like they need to work on their pairing! Going to be looking for another app soon if it doesn’t change.
😫😫😫
A match for “Vault Girl” (a Fallout ad) from two years ago is stuck as my top match and I cannot unmatch or report it without crashing the app. It’s perpetually stuck there. And there’s a notification for it (again, FROM TWO YEARS AGO) so that’s stuck there forever.  It also doesn’t clear notifications for messages read and the messaging is generally completely broken anyway. OH, and the matches I did have started disappearing in chunks, not leaving me with any option to contact people I’d already talked to. In these amounts, I don’t believe it could’ve been mathematically possible to be organic.  Restarted app. Reset phone. Reinstalled app. Nothing works. This is garbage. 
This helps with the girl life, nah mean?
Great app
If your having problems with this app it’s because your profile needs to be tweaked like your pics. I have nothing but fun on here fantastic app
I’ve met women around the world and have shared the most amazing experiences because of this app. This app is life changing and one of the best things I’ve ever discovered. If I meet the creators ever, beers are on me.
Absolutely horrible. This company completely ruined this app with all the new features and “enhanced” algorithms. They cheat you on who sees your profile and who’s profile you can see, it’s no longer random. My friend and I tested this out by both swiping on each other but we didn’t match. Tinder seems to be wanting to choose for you instead of us users getting to choose ourselves.
Literally re downloaded it for a week and got banned. Didn’t violate any of the rules either.
It’s a fun app but it’s annoying how often they bug you to write a review.  Also it’s buggy when it comes to messages not showing up from others.  I’ll get a notification pushed but then the message isn’t there for a few hours.
I’ve been using Tinder for years. Thanks to their travel feature I’ve been able to meet people from all over the world finding new friends and dates along the way.  Great experience overall. 
I posted a photo of me in a bikini and I got banned. I paid for a year of tinder plus and now I can’t access the account. What a waste. I want my money back. This app is ridiculous to do something like this, at least allow me to create a new profile and I won’t post a BIKINI photo bc I can get banned again even though there are thousands of “sexual” photos ! I seriously do NOT recommend paying for this BS and I expect a refund for the months I won’t be able to use my account or even better a full refund for this dumb inconvenience.
Okay app.
Make sure to always meet up in a public place and never take a ride from your date. Don't be afraid to block the person if you don't like them after the first date. The first guy I meet on tinder was manipulative and clingy. He clearly had different intentions than me and it just ended badly.
But...the morning after I got it I could not log in. I tried infinity amount of times and I tried every way to log in but it kept saying “oops something went wrong. Please try again” or it would just take me back to the login page. Finally I checked my email I used to login with. I got an email saying my account was deleted because I violated the terms and conditions. First of all, there was nothing sexual or anything on my page. Also, I never messaged anyone on there. I only matched with a few people in the couple hours I had it. Since my account was deleted I thought I could try and make another one but no, it keeps saying there was an error. Not happy
New features like free additional  Super Likes is a nice start to improving the app. Keep it up!
Súper me gusta mucho
Cool
Alright app to meet people but way too many ads and too many profiles with fake pics.
Great place to meet all kinds of peeps
My girlfriend and I were looking for a nice little 3 way. We had pictures of ourselves and were having normal conversations with people we matched with. Then suddenly, they blocked us like a bunch of pusses.
I like the real profiles on here but the fack ones ruins my whole experience it might be 10-15 swipes before I find a real one but overrall cool app!
It’s an ok app
They couldn’t even explain why
I’m a pretty normal college age guy and I think the app is pretty fun. I’ve had pretty great conversations with people I never knew existed and have gone on hikes and road trips with others I would’ve never met! It’s an awesome socializing app and I recommend it for anything from making friends to just not having to go out to lunch or a movie alone!
Let’s be honest. This is just Hot or Not posing as a dating app. There is no attempt by their part to make this a worthwhile experience. Absolute garbage.
It’s gotten better since I first got on the platform. It serves its purpose.
Spent too much money on an app populated with bots and fake accounts. Upgraded to gold and dealing with customer service was nightmarish. They didn’t cancel gold and resume plus; they just ate up the credit like a greedy Vegas slot machine. Every interaction with customer support has been abysmal. They are only there to facilitate the accumulation of profit and don’t care about the “average” user. Compete joke of a corporate structure. If you want to change my mind you have my email; highly encourage a person of substance at the company to feel free to contact me regarding my experience
I like the app. I think you should weed out the people who are just trolling. Or the fake pages. I actually some real good friends and people who I still chill with on here. Just wish I ain’t have to deal with the fake pages
Yup
That’s all 😄😊
Im gonna get carpal tunnel from swiping left all the time. Narrow down the selection process. You can filter for sex, age and distance, why not race?
It’s all right. Glad I don’t have to pay to meet people
Yes, the app is good, but that one thing is annoying.
Tinder is alright as a young adult I’m not sure why I have to because there are too many horn dogs
Doing this so I can stop getting alerts
Dont expect to know who likes you unless you pay for it.  Just like the match.com app, you have to pay a monthly subscription in order to even get the entire app open for use.  Also, as i stated a but earlier, you will never know who liked your profile unless you pay. That means you will spend days sitting on your butt wondering why no notifications have popped up that girls liked you unless you pay for it.  This app is a joke. 
Constantly making me sign in to Facebook. Over and over and over ... please update your app !
Ads
A lot of scammers on here as with any dating site. However, this is where I met an incredible man! And now engaged. Thank you tinder!!!
I haven’t gotten more than a single match, but I’ll keep trying.
It’s freezing all the time When adding location looks g at map 
Great app
I’ve been the biggest advocate for tinder over the years, but for them to ban me because I “offend” people is absolutely ridiculous. The guys on tinder get mad when I’m not interested in so the report me and I get removed..? This is so messed up. I tried contacting support and get nothing. Very disappointed. Won’t me promoting this app anymore.
I finally got a wife
They want $149 UP FRONT. Don’t waste your time. You can’t even see who you match with unless you pay. Ripoff
I set my gender preference but i kept getting bisexual matches Tinder is a different ball game its getting creepier  Looking for new friendly apps out-here.   Tinder you are something else be careful with this app :(
All the time cuz I ain't ugly
Scam! Stay away from subscription. They charge even after you delete your account.
This app is crap. They are just stealing money from innocent people. I have sent numerous email to their support with no response. Your rating are reducing and I bet you guys don’t care about that.
Nothing but fake people, People who match but only because they want you to follow them on Instagram, don’t pay the money, you will truly be disappointed
Fake profiles constantly
I think the best is to never communicate over text with someone
The app has gotten stale but it still gets the job done.
My standard tinder account was showing blurred out “people that have already liked you” so out of curiosity I purchased the gold package.  After purchasing the additional $10/month package, my so-called “potential match” went away.  Completely bait and switched by tinder - what a waste of money.
This is a cool and fun app i love to meet new friends and with this app im able to meet alot of nice and down to earth girls i would recommend this app to anyone that is looking to meet a girl hope everyone has a good time swiping peace and love   Sincerely, James 
The app mentioned that I will only pay $5 when I change from plus to gold but I have been charged $15, this means I have payed $25 in one month!! Don’t change from plus to gold!
the danks
stop asking me in every conversation i have if i wanna enable my push notifications.... you can click the ‘x’ but it doesn’t even matter it will come back as soon as you click the conversation again. it used to not do this now it’s just annoying being up there at the top. if i wanted to know when someone messaged me, I WOULD HAVE TURNED IT ON!!!!!
Thi s app got me good pipe 😍
Amazing app
Tinder seems to ban accounts on a whim, and then say you violated the terms of service, but when you actually go back to read the terms of service and can’t find anything you did, they won’t give you any actually specific reasoning. Tinder should at least have a warning system to let users know when they violated a term and attach what term it’s actually violating so then it can keep its users but police them to better understand and follow the terms of service. Disappointing customer service, disappointing experience, disappointingly upheld policies.
I keep having to log in via FB every time I open the app. And worse, the app recently deleted all previous matches and conversations I had saved. The app is 99% bots and needs to do a better job of verifying profiles.
;)
Nice
grght
Love this app! Makes things smooth and easy. Best app ever
It’s like a magnet for nice people
Tinder is real fun girls on here are real and not bots so that’s a plus. I only have two trivial problems the first with the match thing. I use the free version and I get we shouldn’t have as much flexibility with the app like the paying customers do, but I just    Wanted to say I don’t get why you need to pay to see who has liked or super liked your profile. You would be able to interact with somebody that you might have missed or haven’t seen yet. The second being once you like go to somebody’s profile you have to close the app to get back to home. It be simpler if there was a back button like what is used for that chat part. Other than that this app is the best I’ve used and I have tried other one’s. You can use it for relationships, hook ups, and just casual conversation with a stranger.
I have connected to a lot of people lately but when I swipe the notification I can never find who I connected with. Like just a few minutes ago I connected with and she sent me a message. I swiped the notification anddddd she was gone. Rip you guys have to fix that really soon I've had that problem ever since I got the app.
I accidentally put in the wrong date and it won’t let me log in
Better than before I suppose. Just continue to fix the bugs please!!
Terrible is an understatement, can’t even open the app. They rip you off for a subscription and for boosts and super likes. Continues freezing. DOOO NOT EVEN WASTE YOUR TIME... garbage and pure trash
sooooo good 
Got laid
Second time that the new update to fix bugs and glitches,  now freezes the app or has trouble logging on.  Weak
I’ve met a number of cool people through the app. Give it a shot!
Great way to meet new people and come out of your comfort zone
I know the app gets you plenty of dates and action, wink wink. However it bans the wrong people over deleting the app after not using (aka you start dating someone so you delete it, stuff doesn’t workout, so you rejoin) it thinks your creating a fake account when your not
Gosto muito desse aplicativo  Facil de usar e intuitivo 
Good for night one stands 😉
👌👌👌
So simple to navigate. Simple interface
Updated the app and now all my matches have disappeared and even after changing my settings no profiles pop up. I used the support feature in app and for the last 5 days I have not been able to talk to my matches or swipe new profiles.
This app freezes a lot and every other week I have to delete it and download the app all over again. This is a pain in the butt. I can’t be the only one having this issue?! It’s 2017. Make a decent app that doesn’t freeze every few days.
I literally am only writing this so they stop asking me to leave a review
If you use the app correctly you will have success
I am middle aged (52) and recently divorced and was surprised at the number of young Women in their early 20s who wanted to date me. Many were just looking for a sugar daddy but many also just wanted to spend time with me. I haven’t been able to find anything serious but I also am not really looking for that. Lots of fun dates.
Tinder is an app that I’ve been using for some time. And I miss when we could use tinder as a group and message another group of people. You guys should bring that back in the future updates. It was a way more fun way to use the app with your friends.
It’s ok
The app is easy to use I don’t like that it pushes to pay for almost everything and the amount of fake accounts is insane it’s mostly accounts saying to go to KIK or other apps/websites to meet them or watch them, but other then that the app is not that bad to meet people.
I kinda think they're slowly giving me less likes per day but I'm getting matches so I won't complain
I love i believe it good way to meet anyone you want I love being able to find one night stands
A girl I met off tinder stole my cat, great app though 4/5
It's good
Here is my review. Now leave me alone. Let me continue to swipe right for hours.
You won’t be allowed to unmatch them and they just clog up your feed. I messaged them to complain and they did nothing. So I deleted the app and switched to Bumble. MUCH better.
GOD BLESS TINDER!! If you don't have this app... YOU TRIPPING!!
man you don’t need none of the boost , if it’s meant to be y’all will match ! And trust me somebody for everybody , just wrap up !
People seem hot, cold, or desperate. The app works fine I would prefer less popups of "would you rate us" so I am writing this review in hopes to stop the popup. Otherwise, I mean, its the quality of people to swipe which are... people
I rarely use the app for more than just general conversation, so this had me very confused. I was notified of a new match, when I went to check the match I couldn’t log in due to Error A: 40303. I e-mailed Tinder support and they told me I had been banned for violating TOS or Community Guidelines. Naturally I asked what, specifically, I had done that was grounds for ban without warning. I still haven’t heard back.  I’ve had bugs and problems with Tinder before, so I’m hoping this is just that. However; if it’s Tinder’s policy to ban people without warning or explanation, then I’m very disappointed.  I read a similar review from just a month ago. I hope Tinder support takes this seriously and works to get it sorted quickly or change its policies. 
Tinder has done a great job cutting back the fake profiles.  It’s entertaining again.
It can be fun, there’s some weird people. It’s Tinder ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Great!
Good app, simple, easy, but the fact the upgraded versions are almost the same price of my xbox subscription is ridiculous, and the top tier on is more than xb live.
- Interesting way to meet people you probably wouldn’t any other way.   IMO, I think you should be able to filter your available pool further.  Example: I’m a straight guy. I like chicks 18-3+. Within maybe a 30-45 minute drive. I only have interest in chicks who were born chicks. Unfortunately, there’s no filter for the last parameter. I’m not transphobic or a trans hater btw.  In summation...great app 👍🏾 
It would be a much better community tool if there was a way to review who you’ve matched and met up with. A scoring system that would allow you to rank how well someone is in person. Make it so that other people can know what they are getting into when they match with someone. Are they pleasant, are they fun, annoying, shy etc.
I love it
Tried signing up with tinder- I'm 17. Here it says that it's 17+. Yet when I put my birthdate, it says it no longer supports people in my age group..? But I am in the age group this app is... which again is 17+. Please fix.
Yo CEO, you a girl?
New update means I can’t access tinder at all. Crashes every time.
So there keeps being frequent updates & im not sure what’s changing, but one thing I don’t understand is when I’ve clearly specified a gender I’m interested in, genders of the opposite sex will be sprinkled in every now & then. Why is it his occurring?
Not too bad. Has gotten a lot better!
Great service!
Literally every time they update this app it stops working on my phone (iPhone 7 plus). I get the notifications that someone has messaged me but when I go to the app there are no messages. Takes about two days before I finally receive the messages
The app is alright, kinda hard to find trust in someone you have never met before, but I have only been on one date so far. Most people have just gone in the habit of thinking you are easy come, easy go. So it’s hard to find someone attached. Most people if they do even message you, will just stop messaging you out of no where. However this could just be my experience. But I get like 100 likes in a few days and very few people actually want anything to do for you.
So many fake profiles. The developers clearly do nothing to weed out the bots and spamming cam girls.
This app is awesome
I've met some really great people on here.
Would give 4 star but Tinder can do better.   Fb came out with the ability to target fake/predatory accounts with their pictures (example: one picture; source:google image).   -Caught so many cheaters, it’s annoying and if anything, add an option for open relationships.   -Weed out catfishing - luring women/men to fill emotional void, validation, and/or attention. I think many have been there and it could lead to serious abuse issues.   Positive: Love the new (coming soon)option: women initiate conversation first-like on bumble. I think it will certainly grab both markets and make it a lot easier for both genders to signal what they are looking for. 
I'm a lesbian so I have my preferences set to show only women, yet there are constantly men showing up for me. And no, they don't have their gender set as "woman."
I found the love of my life 3 summers ago on tinder.  We dated for a while and we recently got married. I highly recommend this app. It changed my life 🙏🏼😢💕
Got me my crazy ex thanks tinder 👍🏻
Fun to swipe when you're bored and met some cool people in the process!
I would recommend
Na but it’s a good app forreal tho thanks tinder your like the perfect wingman
I a real person gets banned for no reason yet bots and fake accounts are everywhere. It literally is the worst app ever.
I usually give 5 stars but for the past few months or so this app has not been loading. It usually just closes out or freezes every other second. I have iPhone 6, idk if it needs to be updated or not but it’s annoying.
The concept of the app itself is brilliant. Makes it super simple to find and meet new people.
I’m probably not the first person to suggest this, however it would be nice if I could remove my interests. It’s the only problem I have with this app, the fact that I’m being match with a person who share an interest in something I don’t care about anymore, is not good.
The icon is broken on the iPad.  The app also fries my iPad, it gets reaaaaly hot. Other apps don’t do this.  They simply don’t care for tablet users. 
👌. All I gotta say.
Awesome app
Have met some wonderful people here, I enjoy this app
Great app
Just writing a review so hopefully it will stop asking me to write one
This app has been deleted and downloaded more than anything else on my phone. It's great for meeting people (if they talk), but if they don't then it's a complete ghoster. App is mainly used for hookups and doesn't seem to be used for too much more. It's a gamble of whether or not you want to download it. Is it a gamble you're willing to take? Only one way to tell.
I had a normal profile and got band !  They even didn’t explain the reasons !!! 
It’s a good app just won’t stop asking me to review the app and sometimes it won’t give me notifications and I won’t know that I have a message for a good amount of time and then the person I’m talking to gets upset
Look, I get it, you want people to rate your app. But Jesus Christ I don’t want a pop up or notification every time I use the app, it is so annoying even once you go and rate It it comes back. There’s like no lesbians or bi girls on here either, like you might as well go download any number of other apps for that and do better.
I have met about five people thru this app ever and I have got to say - whoever made this app should be aware people are trying to do sex stuff using the internet! wow
It’s sometimes easy to tell what accounts are catfishes but some are a little more difficult to tell about.   I like how bumble has an option to submit a selfie to their staff and you get a verified check in return. I know not everyone will verify themselves, but doing something similar on tinder would definitely influence who I swipe on and would save me time otherwise spent on figuring out whether someone is a catfish or not. 
Tinder is the best app for meeting new people!!!
‘tis great, so it is.
So this tinder wants you to sign up with Facebook login so they can see if you are real or fake! No thank you. 
I’m white and I’m only into white guys. Not racist, just what I like. You should add the ability to add your race, the races your into. I flip threw all these black and Mexican guys and it seems like a waste of time. Many white guys are only into black guys. Please add your race and races your into! I’m guarantee you I’m not the only one thinking this. Might be the only one to say it. Flipping throw all the black and Mexican guys is a waste of my time which makes me not want to use this app. Please add the race option ASAP. Why it’s not already included blows my mind.
Think that there is a mr/mrs right in the world for you ... but he/she is in the other side of the galaxy and to find that right person you keep on searching and in your limited life time you may not see him/her and in the way you’ll meet a lot of other people that your not sure to be your right person ... but with tinder your speed and chance to find that RIGHT person is increased way too much and at least you’ve tried hard 😃☝🏻🤓😎😊 and might find that right person afterall if your lucky
The same thing happened to me.  I was on tinder for a few days; went to check a message and the app was no longer available to me. I have tried to re-download it but to no avail. This is bizarre. I didn’t do anything To warrant this. Does anybody have any suggestions For a resolution?
Но девку снять не удаётся( girl no(((
Really fun!
This app really helps you meet people! Now not everyone swipes right on you however it’s still fun to see whose looking for love!
Tinder keeps my view of the world very real
Ever since the new update, I haven’t been able to open it at all. Before it would crash AT LEAST 3 times when opening it then eventually it would work. Now, however, it doesn’t open at all. Hopefully uninstalling then reinstalling will fix the problem and keep my matches. Also, god forbid you minimize the app, otherwise it won’t save anything you do (save messages/save matches) and you’ll have to do the whole opening/crashing fiasco all over again.
Everything is geared towards getting you to purchase one of their premium services, which aren’t exactly cheap. Interface is horrible as well. I can’t tell you how many times I have accidentally super liked someone and wasted it since you only get one per day. Your regular likes are limited too. Can’t even see who I matched with without paying either. Terrible app.
Nuff said!
For what it’s for. I’m satisfied.
Every time I try to open the app it just immediately exits the app and this has been happening for over a day now.
My matches don’t show up What’s wrong!? 
It's giving me a notification that I have a match/message but when I go to it there's nothing there.I tried refreshing it but the notification won't go away.
Everytime I get on it tells me there is no one in my area. It says to change my discovery settings so I changed it to 100+ miles and 18-55+ and still no people. Fix your app.
Makes it quick and easy to connect. It's really good for those that have very busy lives and short time to go out. I really enjoy that you don't need to write a complete easy about yourself. The getting to know one and other is conversation based.
I wish there were unlimited likes for us like that ya feel me
Super potential app
I am a female who has had my account under review a few times. Why? I have NO idea. But I have my theory: I talk to me to see how they act. Once I start to see their personality, I turn them down. Then they have the audacity to cuss me out and put me down. I am a women with small breasts from all the years of running. There have been numerous times that I have been called a transvestite because of my small breasts and I’m not as pretty as other women. All the men I have talked to on tinder are abusive. If I could, I would give 0 stars based on how many guys treat me. This app makes me cry my eyes out at night.
App is very slow work (iphone 5S)
Thanks tinder. Using tinder was great! Fortunately I don’t use it anymore because I’m getting married! :)
No
I consider myself an average looking guy. No success with this app after years of on and off attempts. Better luck in real life. ✌🏼
App ain’t working
Banned..
I’ve waited far too long to give thanks for all this app has done for me in the past. I’ve had so many great matches and I’ve learned immensely from most experiences.  I have messed up and deleted a seasoned account and have been locked out of a couple more. Patience is a virtue. I’m grateful for having the opportunity to come back whenever I want. Hopefully, I’ll find some favorites again and  meet some new ones.
Awesome
its a very good app xD even if u dont pay u get matches xD but maybe i ll try tinder plus later 9/10
after using this app i want to curl up and die. no matches.
It’s ok
It's ok
Great app.
This app just completely glitched and asked to connect to my facebook shortly after signing back in I realized that all my matches were erased. I’m over this app I will delete it as soon as possible
I was in the middle of messaging someone and out of no where it didn’t work. I got a notification that I had a message from her, and went to open it, and there was nothing. I realized that while in the app. It says my messages are sending, but when I back out to the screen to see all my matches, the message was not there.
Not receiving the messages after showing a notification. So then I deleted the app and reinstalled it then all my matches disappeared.
I had been having trouble with sending messages so I logged out and when I logged back in...ALL MY MATCHES WERE GONE AND MY CONVOS. Smh
Messages started not getting received. When I refreshed the app, all my matches were gone. Such a waste of time
Tinder has been “reviewing” my account for quite some time now. I’ve been making many matches and all of a sudden tinder tells me that I’ve been warned too many times? Except I’ve never been warned even once. When I emailed support, they said to wait a few days and when I emailed asking another question they just never got back to me!
Tinder had a chance to be a solid dating app. However, their desire to make the most money as possible disallows it to achieve that.  Tinder is simple. Swipe right on people you like and hope they swipe right on you as well so that you match which allows you to have a conversation with that person. But, if you are having trouble getting matches you are encouraged to spend money in order to get more matches. If you pay $10 for Tinder plus you can allow you account to be able to rewind on swipes (helpful if you mess up), get a boost in page views, and super like someone and more. However it’s pretty much gambling, because if it doesn’t pay off your money is wasted. Don’t do it. Meanwhile, there is also Tinder Gold which allows you to get instant matches. If you don’t have Tinder Gold you can see the number of instant “matches” which are likely spam. Which brings me to my next point.  There are too many spam accounts which can be annoying because not only are you finding people you like but you are also fishing out who’s fake and who’s not. Pretty annoying.   Don’t spend your money on this app. If free doesn’t work for you, it just doesn’t. It’s not worth the gamble. 
I’m new to the app and enjoying it so far. Except I am seeing people I DO NOT want to see and there is no option to block them. To unmatch you would have to be matched first. PLEASE PLEASE add a block button.
Awsomenes
There needs to be a notification of when someone unmatches you and why they did it. Instead they just disappear from the list and you don’t know what you did wrong.
I’ve used Tinder on and off in the past. Last year, I decided to give it another go and have fun with it. At first, I wasn’t looking for anything serious. Then came along one guy whom super liked me and stood out. After messaging for a week we decided to take it offline and meet in person. Turns out we were so compatible in every way and not too long afterward, we started dating exclusively. Till this day, we’re still in a committed relationship. You never know when that person you meet will become your lover. Sure, Tinder is known for causal encounters but I started out that way until I met someone special. You just never know.
Great app for meeting new people!
You only get so many "likes" in a day, and you're gonna waste 90% of them accidentally liking spam bot accounts that look like real people. And then when you match, the bot tries to redirect you to an adult dating site.
Not sure what the people in development doing when every new update of the app keeps making it worse than the version before it! When iOS 11 was launched the app update started crashing on iPhones and with every update its becoming more and more glitchy! Now I can’t even swipe or press the buttons options without it freezing for several seconds every 2-3 profiles! Seriously what’s wrong with the development team??
i think tinder does a good job for what it’s for. i wish they would stop playing into the capitalism and cut the ads for paying for tinder plus, or whatever it is.  but, matches are neatly displayed at the top and messages in order below.  i would potentially suggest a topic to both partners if a match that they can say something about together, it sort of eliminates the awkward “who is going to say what first?” 
Here lately, I've had to constantly sign back into Tinder. I've been getting. Messages from my matches and was not getting notifications for it. Here just now it deleted all of my matches AND messages. There's no way to find the messages again!
Tinder is designed to make money and never hook you up. Limited likes means your likes will be trapped out from fake profiles of hot chicks that will almost never talk to you. Super likes are trapped out too. Then the hottest chicks pop up to trigger you to buy super likes or likes. They wouldn’t pop up until you spend your likes/super likes. If you pay, you might speak to people that are real or you may speak to people that are payed to be on the app talking to people. Welcome to botnet. Oh and all the google articles about Tinder are identical across tons of bogus sites meaning fake news is used to manage the image of Tinder to make it seem legit. Tinder had success but is now a money driven platform to exploit people.
If only there were some way to filter out obviously fake accounts. 20 billion matches to date, huh? How many of those were one real person matching with another real person?
I've been reported so many times cause I'm Transgender it's so annoying so Tinder banned me from using the app
Hate
I don’t understand what’s the point of having an app that makes matches but you have to pay in order to do that? It’s a great app but I disagree for the payments
I am a hat. She tried to advertise and sell me on this app, but instead of buyers all I have gotten is sexual pressure so she had to delete it. As of now, I am still her hat. Thank you for reading.
While the AppStore says Tinder supports ages 17+, the app does not. I downloaded it in hopes of finding someone to chat with since I’m bored. As I was going through the process of creating my account, it asked for my age so of course I put that I am 17 and it completely stopped me from creating an account and said that Tinder no longer supports my age group. Pretty sad but oh well
Every time I download this app I get laid. Literally!
I see that you made it possible for transgendered people to say what gender they identify as and to select who can see their profile. That’s great and all but can you at least make it an option for people that don’t want to see them? I’m not interested in dating someone that’s transgender so I’d appreciate it if I could stop seeing them pop up on my feed.
Had this back when it was completely free. Now the only way to get matches is to pay so you pop up first
Every time I open the app it tries to make me make a new account even tho I already have one and now it just gives me an error when I try to get back in. I lost my old account too since I changed phone numbers and just have had too much trouble since then. Not worth my time
I get notifications saying that I have matches but when I open the app there’s nothing there.
I got logged out and now i cant get back in or make another account. I would love to know why it has said “ there is an error”
Every time I try to log in with Facebook the app says that there was an error and it will not let me in.  UPDATE: apparently there is a bug and tinder is banning people for no reason and they are not acknowledging the problem and after you get banned there is no way to get you old account back and you can't make a new one with your Facebook or your phone number. If A:40303 shows up when you're trying to log in it means you have been banned. This is ridiculous because I have not done anything to cause them to ban me. 
I literally just joined Tinder earlier TODAY. I was chatting with new people and doing nothing that could be considered "bad" or "offensive." Next thing you know, I'm trying to reply to someone in a conversation and the app LOGGED ME OUT. I tried logging back in but it said some long error starting with a 4 (I just checked again and it's error 40303). Then I uninstalled and reinstalled thinking that the app was just bugging, until I came across a review by someone else. Apparently the same exact thing happened to them! UNBELIEVABLE. So I check my emails just in case to make sure that I wasn't permanently banned for the reason being absolutely nothing, and I had an email from Tinder saying that my account was DELETED because I somehow VIOLATED THEIR TERMS AND CONDITIONS?!?! Are you freaking kidding me?!?! MY INFORMATION WAS ON THERE. SHOULD I BRING THIS TO COURT? IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT? TRY ME.
App has become a joke compared to what it used to be.
So like when you run out of likes then what? You just stare at your phone for 12 hours. This app is bogus
App is alright, but they could seriously get the bot situation under control.. and the limited swipes? Come on.
It’s a very good dating app
This app reinforces rape culture. In a society where women are subject to a myriad of sexual assault and misconduct, this app does nothing to help. Please stop downloading this app and start fighting the patriarchy!
Your piece of crap app doesn’t even load on the iPhone 6 ! Fix this crap!
Very good app to meet new people
I like this app because it helps me with my “single doing single things” activities and I found the guy I was attracted to that I met once at a party ....
I haven't even done anything, just chatting with my matched, no pornographic pictures or anything like that. And ask of a sudden. "this is your final warning. You will be blocked...." Huh???? Even though it says it's my final warning. There is no warning. They just blocked my account for no reason.  Review your moderation, tinder! 
After a month of nothing, literally only used the app for a total of 2 hrs in all, and only got one match, I was banned for some unknown reason. I emailed the company to ask what I did wrong, and I got no response. Apparently someone reported me... the reason for the report is unknown. I literally said “hi” to my one match. So I’ll just make a new tinder and report everyone. Then tinder will see how stupid that system works.
So when someone likes your profile you have to pay to talk to them? All I’ve gathered so far is that you can like or dislike photos and that’s it. But to contact another user you must payyyyyyy. Lame
As like several other normal users, I’ve been permanently banned and cannot create a new account through Facebook without warning by Tinder. I’ve received the same (A:40303) error as others with no warning and no recourse to be unbanned or unblocked. My first email asking what the error was was replied to in under 5 minutes, more like less than 2, but my immediate follow up email hasn’t been responded to at all. They will not answer why or what reason I violated their “terms of agreement or policies.”  I read through the terms of service and policies and the primary reason they will ban you is data mining of other user info, which I wasn’t doing. This app company has no recourse for issues of abuse and its policies can be abused by others to cause harm to a normal person with recourse. Don’t use Tinder, is my recommendation. Try Bumble or anything else.
Its a good app. Just wish it would reach out to more local individuals. Instead of people from another state
Woke up this morning to “your account has been deleted because it violated our terms of use”. Excuse me? You mean my profile where I’ve had the same pictures and bio for a year and a half now? I lost all my matches and messages with information. I suspect it’s because someone the evening before got mad at what i said and decided to report me. So it appears that the infamous TINDER only accepts complaints without even searching for violating content. Needless to say I will not be redownloading. Piece of crap company!
I like the way this app is ran
Don’t do it! Took money and then give you a BLANK screen of ZERO OPTIONS — just want your information — can’t even keep it from auto renewing I mean ZERO SETTINGS!!! Go to POF or Match or MeetMe or Cupid before tinder — The WORST DATING APP I EVER TRIED!!!!!
I mean I don’t use it very often but it’s still good
If you tap “message this person” after you match instead of “keep swiping” the garbage app locks up and when you close and re-enter it acts like you never matched with that person. Awesome. I was probably going to marry that guy.
.....I love this app 😍
Tinder is amazing app, and free meet a lot of good people! Have met a lot of great girls and had lot of fun thanks to tinder lol good vibes life is short, enjoy it!!!!
Great
To be honest, there are a lot of options in this app that are unnecessary and are just used to boost their income like the Super Like system and the Boost system. Both which can be taken out and allow us to see who likes us to make an extremely effective app built for the care of finding matches for many people. I WILL add that being able to use these functions does have its perks. I have redownloaded this app and tested the paid features for only two days and have gotten over 20 matches. Although i dont feel joy when spending money just to get matches faster, the app still allows me to communicate with new people.
The app is great, I only wish it had a feature to search racial preferences, the users are mostly White and not usually into Black people.
Waste of money. Waste of time and energy. 95% of people on here are self absorbed. Worst site ever next to zoosk
How can you did activate paid member of just 2 days  That's so unfair. If you don't want me on my platform retune my funds  Rippers 
One of the best parts of using tinder plus is the ability to change your location, to a place that you will be going in the near future. It gives you the opportunity to meet with people, and, especially if you're alone, the chance to have someone show you around their local area, and learn from them.
Every time I close the app I get logged out and have to re-sign in by submitting my phone number and entering a code that was texted to me.  Additionally, it takes forever to update my chats to the point that I never get to see certain messages.  The overall idea of tinder is great but the app doesn’t function properly to the point that it doesn’t work.  I have to delete and upload a new dating app 😢
Tinder has gotten me so many first dates and where it wasn’t at intended to be a sexual encounter, but it’s also gotten me laid quite a bit. Use it for what you want.
Nag
Get matches, but can’t see or message the matches unless u pay $30. That’s ridiculous. Not worth $30 just to view a match I might not even like. And I’m not subscribing to something I’m trying out for a whole year.
The app keeps crashing, can't find anyone near me and all of my matches are gone.
Eh alright by me
It’s hard to find real women anymore on Tinder. When I travel anywhere else, it’s not as bad. But as soon as I come back to the NY/NJ area, the search results are riddled with fake scam accounts.
the new update deleted my matches & is now not loading any new profiles to swipe on.
It keeps shutting down on my iPhone 8
Awesome app
So my account has been unresponsive and giving me error messages for a week now, the only time I successfully matched with someone was when I super liked them, EVEN when I’d swipe right on people who super liked me it wouldn’t work. I’ve sent countless emails to support only to have them respond with short, automated looking messages telling me to update the app and make sure I have good service, both of which are not the problem because it gives me the same issue on the browser version of tinder. It probably wouldn’t be this big of a deal if I hadn’t spent the last $10 on an iTunes gift card on this sh*t, just keep in mind the customer service TRASH and doesn’t help a bit when you run into an issue.
Looking for a good escape? Looking to meet a lady or man that will take your pain away? Must hit tinder on the late night for that extra love. Tinder is typically no strings attached.
I think the limited swipes is annoying and unnecessary and if there has to be limited swipes, does it have to be so long in between? 12 hours?!?! everything else is great though
By far the best dating app with massive opportunities for a match. A new paradigm in the way to get interesting dates.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a refreshed approach to dating and relationships.
l met the love of my life on this app, recommend 10/10
Wish we could go back more often if Misswiped
Screw these evil liberal bigot lowlifes pushing their racist and homosexual propaganda on people even most are against it. Sick POS scums run this company.
Tinder was for hookups and such. Trying to be a social media app is awful.
Makes the version run a lot faster on my 5s
You Can Only Log In Through Facebook, And I Couldn’t Log In. So Dumb
I’ve had Tinder since the early version in 2015. This app has come a long way. If you want to really see matches, get tinder gold, it’s honestly worth it if you’re trying to meet someone. The only thing I’d like to see out of this app is to be able to have read receipts with tinder gold so you can tell if someone just isn’t going to respond
Reviewing in hopes the pop ups asking to review them stops. One star bc this is annoying.
Changed this from 1 star to 4 stars. Way less fake profiles!!! And in my city the women are better looking on Tinder than Bumble. I've been able to find girls who are looking for something serious
While this app works exactly how it’s intended to, it doesn’t help you if you’re ugly
App closes after a couple mins
It seems that unless you’re a paying customer or pay for a “boost” then your profile doesn’t get shown to others much. I tested out the theory by paying the $20 for a month and magically started getting matches. Business I guess 😉
Look! I got a new message! Oh, wait, it's just an ad...
Every now and then I get an “Ok” type of match, never really goes anywhere because half the women can’t hold conversation, they’re boring, or they don’t reply at all. Most of the women aren’t even real, and half probably just swipe right to make themselves feel important when a guy messages them. I’m a black male, I don’t discriminate but I prefer women outside my race more, if you’re black and like dating Caucasian women you have very rare success in this app, I’ve used it for more than 7-8 months, and I’ve averaged at least 6-7 black women per month, and 2-3 of other races. So yes most of the other races discriminate on here.
You want to stop men write first message? Really? So do you think that men are different and they have to be humiliated in rights? Completely deleted this awful app and put negative review everywhere is possible and will tell my friends do it. Sexism has to be stoped!
Good app
Get all the sex you want on this app!
I still can't delete these Tinder Ad Matches since the update, it's annoying as hell, please fix asap
The app is good. It need update because the app freezes a lot, and now, with the update from yesterday, is not opening anymore!
I was a tinder fanatic last year. Me and my friends used this app all the time. But with Tinder Social gone I find myself using this app less and less. I see myself deleting this app soon. My friends have already ditched it.
All these matches yet none of them ignited a fire. Keep scrolling to the left see something you don’t want to see
this better get me more matches okay
READ RECEIPTS AND SEARCH BAR TO FIND OTHER TINDER USERS                                                       MAMBA out 
Anytime I swipe or interact with the screen more than 5 times, it automatically crashes. Please fix this, it worked fine before.
This app is pretty useless. The majority of people who use this app just want attention and to be told they are pretty.  It’s basically just ‘Hot or Not’. Majority is users don’t respond. Or only have a basic education and don’t know how to type a complete sentence. Or they are looking to collect more followers for their Instagram and/or Snapchat account and that’s about it.
👌🏿👌🏿💁🏽‍♂️
They tell me that they cannot see my pictures I don’t know why please help me out in this problem
Customer service is terrible
Yea Boyyyyy all good jus get rid of the ugly girls
It keeps on glitching on me when I try to log in
New review: Do not pay for any of the subscriptions. Rip off. So many fake accounts and accounts that are being used for... things not allowed on the App Store or anywhere for that matter. We will leave it at that. Apple and Tinder have already been well informed.   Older review but but they fixed the stability issues: Since iOS 11 (through 11.0.3), my iPhone has been unstable. I restored from DFU mode multiple times to no avail and I took it to Apple and the diagnostics showed that Tinder was the only frequently crashing app. He told me I should not use this app until either iOS or the app is updated and alluded to the fact that it’s causing systemwide instability upon its crashing.   Fix this. 
It's a thing
Lots of people wanting only hookups.. quite a few swingers... I’m country and monogamous, so kind of hard to find similar minded people.
Like what the heck
It’s been constantly logging me out and redirecting me to log back in through Facebook. Sometimes multiple times a day, and it’s just inconvenient.  When It works It does the trick. Nothing special. Still kind of the standard for a dating app. It’s becoming more and more pay to play so if you’ve got the extra money, you’ll have a decent time. 
1 star, you ask me way too much to leave a review
Idk if I have no game or what. But I guess I don’t know how to interact. Most ppl I talk to- only talk small talk, quit talking if the subject gets an ounce complex. And are flaky, most never are strait up or honest, and it’s never led to any date. I’m sure it’s not the apps fault, so gonna give it 3/5 mid
Don’t waste your time or money Too many fake profiles and Bots/Catfish 🖕
I like using Tinder.  I like going on dates and chatting with people.  I also like just swiping when I’m bored.  The only problem I have is still a lot of fake female profiles.  The volume of really obvious fakes is kinda staggering in my area.  I love this app though.
Is there a good reason as to why you need to reauth with fb every time I use the app?? Makes for a super dumb experience when ALL your previous matches and messages need to get pulled EVERYTIME YOU USE THE FLIPPIN APP.  WHY? 
This app would be better if there was an online function. The biggest issues is that once there is a match people don’t chat. When people know someone else is online, they are more likely to chat with them.
You get matches but they aren’t here to date. Just small talk, ghost and nada. A waste of time, effort, and money. If you’re a model you’re set. If decent looking you’re out of luck. Most likely would end up on tindernightmares ig page
I have a husband and a sugar daddy because of tinder!! I suggested my 14 year old daughter get on it and stop wasting time when the answer is in the palm of her hands!! Hands down best app out there! Thank you tinder!
I’m kind of into throwing cheesy pickup lines and having it blow up in my face so I LOVE THIS APP.
I wish unlimited swipes was cheaper than it was! But over than that it is a fantastic app
Please update.
..
I just got this app to f around on and make memes
Anytime I close the app for a few hours and try to go back in, it asks me to log in using the Facebook app. Then it acts as though I am a first time user and walks me through instructions, such as, “Swipe left if it’s a no and swipe right if it’s a yes.” I already know all of that. When I started out using Tinder, I was rarely logged out. Now, I have to log in several times a day. Annoying!
I LOVE THIS APP  -Ivan 
Good way to mindlessly occupy yourself. Would be better if there were an option to be hidden from couples. I’m beyond sick of unicorn hunters.
Spies on your Facebook for big data, discriminates against people over 30 by charging them more. There is ZERO reason they need your Facebook to validate you're not fake. But that logic, I'm fake because I don't have a Facebook at all.
So gay
I’ve Been Falsely Reported Many Times For The Very Wrong Reasons. Tinder Decided To “Delete” My Account Because I “Violated” Their Terms And Services Which I Clearly Didn’t If It Didn’t Contain And Nudity, Lies, Or Harassment. There Was Barely A Message On My Account When I Began And I’ve Been Reported. Call Me Cliche Or Stereotype But It’s Because I’m Transgender. I Tried To Make Another Account And I Found Out They Banned Me. They Made An Excuse Telling Me I Should Just Soft Reset The App Which Made No Sense. Pathetic App. I Used Tinder To See If I Can Find Someone Compatible. Not Cause Any Issues. So -5/5 Star
1) I wish that when you first download and open the app it would explain to you what every term means. I still don’t quite understand how a super like works. And I wish it would tell me how many likes I have left for the day.  2) my friends have this on android and they can set the age range to 18-19 but the lowest I can go is 18-21. There is no way anyone over 19 would date someone who just turned 18. Pleas let me have full control over the age range. 
I updated my app and all my matches and messages were GONE! I’m so mad!
Stop asking to leave a review i have already
Is this Tinder or Grindr??
Why such a strong gay lobby commercial on appstore front page?
Tinder is easy to use and effective in my opinion. However i would love if you added these features. I think it would really help the app  Ability to sort matches based on gender (if you have both genders) or town or age   Thanks!!!  Paige Canale 
Takes forever and I’ve already approved the app over 40 some times and it’s just getting ssoooooooo old
I like it. It’s a very good way to get your feet wet in the dating scene.
I do NOT use this app anymore..  because I met my husband on it and we are so so so happy. THANK YOU TINDER! The whole story is wild and wonderful, but the best part is that it is ours💗 
Honestly it's kinda a good resource to meet new guys. Go out on dates. I've actually had some really good dates and I've had bad ones. It's also good if you're lonely or want someone to talk to. App could use some improvements though. But it’s okay!
Pretty women
I literally only match with girls that I KNOW for A FACT that I DID NOT LIKE!!! It’s like tinder is taking over your profile and matching you with random people. I have tinder plus too. I pay $60 a year for this dirt. It’s a disgrace. I have 377 matches, and literally only liked about 20 of them. Do not waste your money on this nonsense.
Love the app, my bestie and I have had it for so long, however.. we miss Tinder Social! We loved matching with different guys together and going on double dates in a safe way. Bring back Tinder Social please! We keep trying to find different apps similar, but there’s honestly nothing like it. If it was back, Tinder would probably get 5 stars from me, just saying.
There should be a way to connect your Instagram account without your username showing on your profile because I’m sick of creeps who I swipe left on messaging me on Instagram.
Works to meet people... the rest is up to you
they matched me with good people and all and I’m not mad about that but everytime I finally get to log in, it somehow glitches out, logs me out, and then when I try to log back in, it says ‘error’ or ‘something went wrong, try again later’. it’s stupid because I actually enjoy the app and have met a lot of amazing guys through the app.
The app keeps crashing after couple of minutes of swiping.
I’m pretty tho so, duh.
I'm constantly being logged out and given an error code saying I can't log in. It's really frustrating and interrupting very significant interactions. 😤
Hate writing reviews especially when it’s negative.  I paid for a membership and keep swiping and even thought i swipe right on some profiles, literally seeing them over and over.  I have already swiped RIGHT!!!! Why the hell they are keep coming.?  So basically you pay for nothing
Reinstalled for reasons I am not sure about but was disappointed as I expected to be. No way to filter who you see besides age and distance. I work near the ghetto so I would like to filter out the ignorant and uneducated instead of spending 10 minutes a day swiping left on women named “promise” and “ambition” and “need a sugar daddy”. Tinder is still hitting men up hard to get them to spend money so they can meet women who aren’t worth the $1.99.
I believe the app itself is well put together, but I feel it is somewhat limiting. The app will allow you a certain number of “likes” before telling you you must either pay for their plus profile or wait 12 hours for more swipes. It is good overall, but this isn’t the first time I’ve dealt with this limitation
You have to pay in order to chat with your “matches”. This app is a total scam. Do not download it. It is no even worth one star.
My tinder isn’t working popping up a error message
Its easy to use but do something about the catfish and gay profiles, its ok to be gay but if im looking for a girl i dont wanna go trough 100 transexuals before i even get to see a real normal girl.
Not sure if it’s just my app or what, but my matches (right after matching) don’t show up in my feed, frequently disappear after the app crashes, and my messages are wonky. Kinda hard to use tinder when you can’t even connect with people.
Wish it would be more accurate with locations. But install pretty happy with the app. Has resulted in three fun dates:)
What a great app, even though it slows your phone down at times, it is safe enough to function normal in this crazy society. Pretty amazingly designed app. Plus the comedic memes on reddit are the GOAT.
Tbh, I got tired of it asking me to give it a review. It’s aight though
Black screen and exit app
Dilly Dilly
My biggest complaint is that I wish your Instagram username wasn’t visible when you connect it to your profile. Can’t even tell you how many guys I haven’t matched with DM me on there when I in no way invite them to.
I paid $10 so I could reverse my swipe and it did me no good.
Easy to use and lots of interesting people to talk to. I met this one girl from Chicago and I couldn’t be happier.
Love this app! There’s no shortage of single mothers in my area willing to have sex for a dinner at a chain restaurant!
Current version constantly freezes and is extremely glitchy.
I have been on tinder for about 2 weeks! An I have had run ins with 2 scams. On top of that the women they match me with are then 100 miles away, but claim they no more 50 miles away.. the app is a joke.. 
Apparently being black is a dam taboo 😐
Deletes profiles for no reason
Tinder is dead.   No real people on the app anymore
If all I gotta do is open an app, swipe right, match, meet, have a horizontal wrestling match, and then go home, why would I not recommend it?
The app itself is a good idea but I guess not many people use it too often ... reason I say this is because I will get a lot of matches but when I try to start a conversation most don’t respond back which is frustrating
Yeye
I have met some really amazing girls through this app, and I'm glad the app existing. However, This app keeps getting worse with every update. The likelihood of getting matches has gone down. The company also fails to get rid of bots scammers. Not to mention the cash grab.
reviewing so it’ll hopefully stop asking me to review them
Super !!!
Seeing people I already swiped on popping up again sometimes minutes later; which means the back end keeps failing to register swipes. What’s the point then? Super tech-fail 😑
The app works just fine, I’ve met plenty of people. I feel like the micro transactions just exist to take advantage of insecure people. If you’re a decent person you’ll be found by people who’ll want decent people. Idk just don’t waste your money
I realized that the solution to the whole dating thing is to just work on yourself trying to be the best person you possibly can. If you’re not getting good matches it might mean you just have to work on yourself.
Please let us search our matches by what city we matched them in. Too many have accumulated and it’s hard to reconnect. This has to be one of the most recurring issues for all users. Help make the app less shallow, and help us reconnect when visiting a city. Thanks!
tinder is decent. it isn’t too complicated and can help you match up with people. if i could add two things, they would be the ability to skip people and not swipe them, and the ability to show up in searches for both men and women or in a different category for non-binary people. idk how this would best be implemented since we’re pretty at-risk these days, but if they pulled it off it’d be nice. another thing i appreciate is tinder doesn’t email you all the time. 
It's a good app. Even premium isn't 30$ a month like most dating apps. It's like 10 a month and there's a lot of people who use it. Even if you live in a small town you will definitely find someone close by
Out of nowhere I was banned for violating their terms??? What was my violation. And I never did anything different then I have in the last two years. All I ever seem to get from Tinder was fake profiles of scammers. Maybe that’s what I did wrong. Not pay a scammer. When you ask what rule did I violate you never get a response.
Tips for improvement. Work on your coding algorithm to make it so people who match don’t have to scroll through as many people who they haven’t matched yet. Not saying instantly take me there to them, but come on now I don’t feel like scrolling and guessing all day. Next work on a better anti bot protocol for this app. Both of these will save people time and increase matching.
They ask me to write a review every time I use the app. So here it is.  Please stop asking me to do this 
I literally have to login every time I click the app. Super annoying. I basically have to login and go through the tutorial stage every time.
AMAZEBALLZ!
Tinder always logs me out & I have to relog in through Facebook. No big deal but it is very annoying
It does what it says
I’m trying to upgrade to Tinder Gold and it keep popping up with an error code
I have spent hours upon hours out being social at bars, clubs, and house parties yet for all the dollars spent on booze and Taco Bell I haven’t found the right person. Yet with this wonderful app I can find my Ptr. Right from the comfort of my own commode. Yes, it is a lot of swiping with little reply yet all that finger strength you gained goes to use with the tinderella you do match with. Honestly, have had countless dates and a partner off of here. Good luck tinder loves:)  xoxo, Savage 
please stop deleting my tinder profiles. you claim i am “not following community guidelines” but i am not doing anything harmful. you’ve taken down my own personal photos or myself and pictures of my snapchat code etc... please do not continue to take down my profile as i will continue to put it up. what you’re doing is not only unfair but it is sexist. if i want to post a picture in my bra or underwear i can. other women post pictures in bikinis and the like and have no problem, men post pictures shirtless and they have no problems as well. please fix this issue.
All dating apps blow.. Tinder on the other hand is easy to use and understand. There are really no problems with it. Nice thing about Tinder is it’s not real crazy. And you might have a couple small conversations that don’t go anywhere. It’s kind of nice to have the easy come easy go attitude. The big bust about the app is traditional wooing isn’t in play here. Most people want to feel like they are texting so things like, good morning, good night and all the other blah blah blah doesn’t apply. Got to be easy about the texting / dating world.. add some interest into your words. It’s a viral dating game. Lots of fun to just use.
I’ve had this app for a while, and it worked fine. I could multitask, I could swipe over and over with no trouble.  Now - for some reason - it freezes every 30 seconds or so. Just completely stops. No update has fixed it.  If I try multitasking, it used to cause all my other apps to freeze as well. Now it just crashes.  I have an iPhone 6s+, which is far from obsolete. Apps should still work on it. 
Matched or not, always a blast
Love it!
I have Tinder Gold and I’ve been in this area for 3 days, and I’ve boosted 10 times. I have the function on the ‘show me whenever someone likes me’ feature. I haven’t gotten one. I average a few an hour when I’m swiping normally. What is going on here? What kind of conspiracy is this? Am I really just ugly as f*ck? 🤧
Ok I got the plus for 8.99 a mouth a while back later on I check that it’s takeing 34.99 ever 6 month I didn’t change how am I paying that much I was Wondering why am paying a lot for itune ????
I love this app! I can't count how many times I ended up on a date with somebody I matched with. They always end up really good, it always ends with me getting dressed to go to work while she's still in bed telling me to stay. This app is great.
Idk idk bob
Keeps crashing on me
Tinder is a amazing app I found my boyfriend on it 4 months ago and we have been dating for 2 months and we are a great match for each other. If you think this app does not work you are wrong it really works and it’s free.
You will only get matches if you pay to be a gold member. If you don't pay even if someone likes you it will rarely show you their profiles to make a match. All the profiles are being funneled to paying gold members. Once again corporate greed has destroyed a good app.
Tinder is. Great way of meeting people !!!
Tftv
I had been using five other social apps for years before discovering Tinder. In the past my experience had been finding people I was interested in meeting only to learn that I was not their type or for some reason they were not interested in meeting me. Tinder has several layers of membership, but the most expensive one, Tinder Gold, has changed my life to where I no longer waste my time or money on the others. With Tinder Gold I have 24/7 access to those who have already swiped right on me. I no longer have to swipe through the cards hoping I will swipe someone who will swipe me back. I have the list of those who have already swiped me. All I have to do is pick the one I want to meet this weekend, introduce myself in a message, and the relationship has started. I LOVE TINDER GOLD!
Excellent app
Almost every time I have tried to log in, it doesn't let me, says that I need an internet connection. Well guess what?? I do, but it's never loading. Fix your app.
This app is pretty effective free and even better with premium, Ive used it off and on for years it’s so much better than waiting to find an attractive woman somewhere in public where we won’t even be half the time because of work or school, I’ve seen a few desires on here complaining about not matching with attractive people, it’s not the app it’s cuz ur a fat or ugly person, not sorry at all do something about it hit the gym style ur hair ect.. I’ve matched with dozens of hotties and met up with nearly all of em, being said I’d give this app 4 stars, I’d give 5 if only the app was faster and  loaded quickly.
Currently I have no one in my area, yet I have 10+ people that like me, meaning there should be 10+ people for me to swipe on but cant. This app is clearly trying to get my to buy Gold so I can see who like me, then proceed to swipe left on them because they probably aren’t my type anyway
I met my soul mate on this app. We are planning on getting married and we are absolutely in love and we never would have met each other if it hadn’t been for this app, because he lives an hour away from me and in a town that I had never been to before.
It says 17+ (i’m 17) and i signed up and it told me i was too young?!? that’s just annoying
Personally I think it’s a great app. However, I wish there was a mechanism where you can sort your matches by favoriting them or sort them by distance. I travel a lot and I have no clue which people are where.
Need a better interface! And this should be free
I like
Met my one and only on this app.
Super
Hi I’m new to this site and I feel great safe and I got to say that this is full of lovely people and respectful too thank you very much for your hospitality ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ever since the last update I can’t log into my account
Tinder honestly was great when there were groups, but now it’s back to the beginning, when groups were offered I had such a blast!
First I have to use my Facebook to log in then I have to sign in with a phone number. So annoying! Tinder you need to chill. Deleting tinder and Facebook . It’s never been that serious. Bye !
App has been extremely laggy and slow recently.
So I’ve been using tinder for the past few weeks and decided to buy the one month pass and instead of charging me for 9 dollars is charged me for the six month pass which is 37 dollars. Very upset cause I’m a broke college student trying to find a mans and instead I found a douche bag and I’m down 37 dollar.
bring.back tinder social or im going suicide that was the only fun thing on the app
amazing
I use tinder mainly because I stay on the road for work. I do have a central home town I come back to, but to me it’s almost like a social media! I have encountered some “catfish” profiles and I think preventive measures could be taken to cut down on those. If that was cut down I’d give tinder a solid 5 out of 5 stars. Other than that it’s an absolute great app! Best dating app I’ve ever used! (Note I am a gold member)
This app is extremely useful for not only meeting people but for networking!!!! It’s absolutely amazing, since I’ve started using this app my company has tripled in profits!!!!!!!! I would recommend this app to everyone! Even my dog!!! It’s just that awesome!!! Thank you for helping me build teamgetmoney.net !!!!
Good
Ok instead of charging a few people premium prices  Charge everyone a five dollars to Verify that they are a real person  And weed out all of the scammers it gets annoying swiping that you like someone to find out there some guy sitting god knows where trying to trick me into sending them money  It would be nice to know that I’m talking to a possible significant other  It’s the people that control these apps that have the power to change the internet  The distance is never correct either 
Let’s get real. Tinder is the hook up app. It should remain that way. The in app purchases are ridiculous. There are so many scam, inactive, and fake accounts+bots. Tinder just is not what it used to be. You could meet people who were down for a casual encounter, and hook up without having to go through any of the bs. Dating is great and I encourage everyone to meet people in real life rather than this app. Any one looking for a serious date on here is kidding themselves. Let’s all be real and admit there is only one reason to use this horrible app.
Simple way of meeting amazing people. I met my last girlfriend on tinder and she was awesome, and beautiful.
😍
Hey it works!
Plagued with fake accounts and obtuse feature sets
A couple years ago I got tons of matches. Too many to count. Now I literally get zero using the exact same pictures. They want to sucker you in and pay for it. The new algorithm basically makes you nonexistent if you don’t pay. Don’t be a sucker.
I met my ex/abuser through tinder, and after we broke up I saw he was back on the app, trying to get with other girls. I didn't want them to go through the same pain and abuse as I did, so I did what any person would do: I reported him for abuse.   The next day, I found out my account had been banned for violating the terms of service, which is total BS because I had only just started using tinder again and was only talking to a couple of guys.  Now, I did report him for abuse to the police too. He physically attacked me and now I have a restraining order against him. I submitted all of this info to tinder as proof that he is being charged for domestic violence, but they still won't remove my ban because they don't have an appeals process.  That's extremely stupid and irresponsible on their part. So girls, stay away: if you report another user for abuse or harassment either through the app or after meeting in person, you're going to be the one who bites the bullet. 
I enjoy tinder and it’s use, just gotta do what you do
Ever since this app tried to be like every other social media app the whole dating part of it basically was ruined, I used to talk to a good amount of girls on tinder and each time it would be about going on a date or seeing if we click by hanging out but now every single girl wants to have friends now on tinder, of all places to meet friends you pick a dating app I more hate this app now because of them just trying to be like every other app and loosing what the app was all about in the first place, a dating app not social media stay what you are folks since now I'm considering just deleting the app
Not bad could be worse could be better 🤷🏿‍♂️
Cool app
Like a story function on snap chat...
Goo
Nice
Simple and easy to use and chat with others
They then show you to the majority of your race
It works - Just don’t be a creep
App keep it 8 more than 92 wit ya
Too expensive and not enough matches. Use to be better! Now it’s a waste of time
Needs to be free. No limit of likes
The app is go good that their shows no results and that I put everything to max and nothing 10/10 app   So it’s destiny to be single for the rest of my life 😂😂😢😂😂😂 
App is terribly slow and impossible to use. Already made my phone crash twice. Would appreciate an older stable version that's usuable.
Limited amount of likes now? Lame.
Hi! I just came by to say tuners aight👍🏻 So enjoy... 
Literally this is the only app for college hookups, but it is exceedingly poor in performance. If literally anyone made a competitive app I would switch. Terrible customer service.
Not only did I get laid but I found a study partner and passed Multivariable Calculus. Would use it again
It’s hard enough to get matches as a guy anyway, but the broken algorithm makes it so long time users stop getting views without super liking or buying boosts.
Gets results😉
There are little to no matches here. You have to buy super likes in order to get anyone’s attention here. The subscriptions are as bad as coffee meets Bagel. This must be a Joey Salads video because you just got pranked bro. Go eat some pizza and watch Netflix, you’ll get more out of it than using this one sided app made by Mark Zuckerberg’s unidentified gender swapping evil clone. Good luck to my fellow men and women out there! I hope everyone will have a good Valentine’s Day :)
This app help me establish that either I'm ugly asf or nobody uses the app. I been swiping for 3 days have yet to match even tried liking every single girl I saw and failed. And if you are lucky to math with sum one you have to pay to reveal them which makes the app pointless if you don't pay.
I will not using this app anymore as long as the ads have sounds that don’t go away even after swiping away the ad.
I can’t log in  Error code N:- 1011 
This app is really good:)
Very fun app
Tinder has some updating to do. There’s no recovery mode if your phone number changes. Period. You can email support all you want. They either stop responding or tell you to log in with the phone you don’t even have anymore. It’s seriously 2018 and if you switch your phone number, no more tinder for you. 😐
If I match with someone and never message them we stay matched. I messaged a match and have a 10 message interaction and tinder deletes the messages and unmatched us. This has happened to me 5 times already fixed the crashes!!
I always meet great, real people after talking to them for a while on Tinder! (& then eventually, off Tinder) Some people are duds, but that’s not the app’s fault. The blocking and messaging features are great & reporting seems to function well, too. Thanks y’all!
Keeps crashing after 4 likes
All around a great app, except when I bought tinder gold and I never got it unlocked? 🤷🏻‍♂️ what happened?
Worked at 1st but now it shows I have 10+ likes but I’m not herring matches and none Are going away and a girl I met in person said she swiped right on me but I swiped right on her and nothing
I recently created a new tinder after having been inactive on my old account. I love it just as much, in fact more than I used to!!! It's great for networking as well as dating!! Download and find out for yourself!!
Very fun
You can get dussy using this jawn...don’t pay tho cause yinz can still get dussy with out spending a dadgum duckett!
Tinder is cool. Met some nice people.
I meann i guesss
I’m writing this review so that hopefully tinder will stop asking me to write reviews.
Everytime I go to sign up I get to the last step of uploading my picture and then it says oops something went wrong try again later and I try later and same thing!
It’s a pretty good app It’s fun and there are real people on the other end, what else could you ask for? 
Sum succ
You hardly get any matches and if you do they are all the way out in China one minute they are 3miles away the next moring 1537351 miles away 👎😂👎
And it's free so stop complaining
Payed services are useless as well as nobody using it seriously. Too many transes in girls section( any way to divide lgbt from regular people???). No one seems to be using Tinder anymore. All together nothing worth playing in this app.  Even some buggy Puffer app makes more matches and girls actually respond there. 
Started using after some time of not using at all and I am genuinely liking it more than ever before.
Be careful how fast this works. Whether a quick one night thing or a actual relationship, tinder is very effective. Don’t catfish or bs and you’re allll set to enjoy! Be safe!
It has its moments but there are sometimes accounts that are bots or someone has used in over a month. I think y’all should find a way to cut out those people. The matches are pretty good....some of the women are a lot of one word answers just look out for those usually they are too good to be true
At first give u so much matches and late on you barely get match a day and then I bought boost and I didn’t boost idk why I lost my money I tried contact them they never answer :( I need boost back !!! Support team answer and ignore me cuz I told them my problem 
Lol
Good
Seriously, Tinder would have way better reviews if you stopped asking everyone to rate the app like every single time they use it. It gets annoying FAST and it makes me 1-star you out of momentary frustration towards that annoyance. I'm sure I'm not the only one, either. Four stars for the one star I'm subtracting from the fact that I 1-star you every time you ask me to rate the app. Other than that, this joint is tight, fam. Now if you could just get half the girls to use pictures that actually look like them in their profiles....
Works for me
It’s tinder. And I’m tired of them asking me to review every single time. Here you go Tinder.
Yup
10/10
Makes my phone crash more than any other app. Other than that it’s great
Girls can be as suggestive as they want. (These are probably fake profiles posted by developers to draw men into paying a subscription) and men get banned for the slightest hint of a sexual relationship with no vulgar or obscene words.  Not gonna waste my time creating a new profile. 
👏🏽🤙🏽👏🏽
This app is poorly designed and does not match up men and women very well at suckers you end up paying lots of money!
Get to meet new people
Here is your five star review now please stop asking me to rate you every other week
Hrufihfh
I like this app. It helps me find people I like and people that I’m not really into. I know it’s a hookup app, which is what I’m using it for, but it is honestly so easy to use and it’s got a GREAT usage for when I’m just trying to find a hookup.
This app is great!
Even works in a small town!
Q
Please stop asking me for reviews
Ok
it’s gratitude
My only request is that they make profiles that are inactive not show up in the feed and if a previous match is no longer active, it turns gray or something.   Maybe 3 days could be the limit. Like if a person hasn't logged on they no longer show up.   90% of my matches are either inactive or don't reply back. Lol. 
I miss being able to swipe with my friend!!
I have yet to get the results I’m looking for (probably gonna have to cave and make a purchase), but it is still nice to meet so many ladies. My confidence has never been higher.
This is a great app!
Tinder should have a cross reference system that insures they aren't a bot. Bumble has it to where they take a selfie on the spot to verify that they are a real person  I feel like when you're a tinder plus member and pay, you shouldn't have to wait a whole day for more super likes. At least give us more than 5 or have unused SL's roll over. I also don't like the fact you have to wait so long for more boosts. 1 boost a week was good now it’s a month?! Stupid
It's the best of these apps. But still annoying online dating stuff especially with no requirement for full bodies pictures.
I like meeting new people and Tinder makes it easy. It’s not where you go to find love but it’s a good way to socialize safely without giving up too much of your information. Met some cool people so I like it so far.
Even though I made sure to check the box of no renewal, they automatically did it anyway and renewed an account I never signed up for. I need a refund immediately. Beware of this app and the charges are fraudulent. When I go to “submit” this, it won’t let me. Figures.
Gold is definitely worth it
I was fed up trying to date inside my university (Bad idea, I know) so around the Thanksgiving holiday I decided to try Tinder and see what would happen, and yes, I had Premium.   The user experience is what you’d expect, but what I really like to say is that it took not even two weeks from first downloading it to finding my current girlfriend. We vibe very well together, and we actually celebrated two months together yesterday.  She’s an incredible person, and while I definitely got lucky in terms of how long it took, don’t think this app is only for hookups. You can by all means find long term love on here. 
I like this app but every time I open it, they ask me to review it.
I believe that Tinder should have a preference bar, or at least be able to see our likes for free lol. Or limit how many we see even if we don’t match lol
I like it a lot, but most of the very necessary features are Plus/Gold and that is way too expensive. And reseting your matches shouldn’t make you delete the whole profile and start all over :(
Looking for a specific race and i have to flip hundreds for a specific race i’m looking for.
It’s cool to play with it, but like everything in life  it takes time and dedication and patience to get something here. So keep grinding.
Simply put, my messages aren’t received. I had two ladies within a span of 90 mins inbox me first after matching with me. I responded shortly after, but both responded yet, and it’s been over 12 hours. I’m positive that they aren’t bots.
I’ve met a lot of people on here 😂 ... and I’ve met some weird ones as well and got stalked on here but overall it’s a good app 😂😂
Cool
One thing that would make the app better is for people who are matched, are required to message the other within 24 hours. It would get things moving rather than have an account full of matches but no messaging. The point of an app like this to meet new people. Not to admire their photos.
Works 95% of the time, lots of diversity, very streaky.
It’s a great app. Lots of cute guys from where I live but I have yet to date one.
Not bad at all
I’d you try and obtain some sense of self, and then under present yourself under some ambiguous tag line, you could get laid.
Made an account, within 24 hours my account got removed for no reason at all. I had one selfie up and a normal bio. 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
For something so popular and convenient it sure doesn’t work properly it’s embarrassing you never get matched and you never get messages and I’m attractive so it’s strange lol I do not write reviews because I’m not that type of person but this s*** is annoying af  so much spam it’s undesired  no matter how many updates it’s like they don’t wanna fork out the money for the service to work instagram leaves you in the dust at every turn bless 
Too many bots.
Never had any issues.
Can use a little help but hey it’s tinder what can you expect
Your stupid app makes my phone lag or freeze. It’s so annoying. This is a brand new iPhone nothing ever happens to it unless I open your app 😤😤😤 I’d use it if I didn’t have to restart my phone every time I close the app. It’s not worth the frustration
Haven’t had any problems login in your using just wish u could send messages
Lots of fun
Só me aparece mulher feia, de vez em quando aparece umas boazinhas, mas vamos melhorar isso ok?
Used to get matches all the time before boost was introduced. Now, I can’t get one unless I boost. And I won’t get to people who have swiped right on me unless I get gold. I’ve talked to plenty of other people who have confirmed low to no matches without boost, so it’s not just me. I get plenty with it. So, I’m stuck. Get no matches for free, or pay to date. You guys are terrible.
I really should be in tears right now.....such a horrible experience with this. Is there anyone real on here?? All I get are Nigerian scammers using fake profile pictures of nice looking men claiming to be in the military or using innocent men’s pictures for fake profiles!!  Or they are working in Syria, or even posing as US military over in Afghanistan or Iraq. Really have had the worst experience ever in the last two months of even doing online dating in 20 years of trying it for the first time. I only give one star (and Tinder you don’t deserve that) because I had to tap somewhere.
.
it’s gucci
👌🏼g
WORST APP EVER.
Pretty good app and concept. It’s a dating app though people. There are going to be weird people, a lot of random hookups, and plenty of beautiful people. You just pick your preference haha.
I’ve had some ok convos and only one date
Great
There is a reason this app is ranked 78th on the free app list, yet grosses the 3rd most money on the app store!!!!  This app is very strategical & manipulative in the way it doles out and withholds potential matches. To all nonpaying users, pls do not expect much especially if you are a guy.  They will give you a ton of matches every now and then day then starve you to the point where you wonder if you're just not as appealing to other people as you thought, or maybe it's you have bad pictures, or a bad bio? So after changing pics and your bio many times, finally you will start to wonder how different your luck would be if your paid for just one month to see if there was any difference. DON'T DO IT! It's not you it's Tinder. Tinder is very predatory. Please don't fall for it.  Although, if you are very attractive and have a good profile you can get more matches with Tinder gold. Tinder plus is total scam 
Although it was a first meet I met a Scottish man and he was great and also ended up being the father of my first daughter I’m 19 and I have to admit that how our society works online dating is the opener to meeting people and putting yourself out there giving you confidence you never had before and I was able to have my first little family from here
Works for intended use, and does not crash often. However notifications will sometimes not appear.
👍🏾
I updated the app and lost all my matches
It needs the option to upload videos
So a week in, 25% of the profiles have naked guys, 50% are not my type, 15% don't even have a profile just a pic, 10% I've liked, matched with three, two made their intentions clear sex and the third is not even talking. So if this is a one night stand app that should be clear on the description.
You guys should add a section purely for hook ups only, other than that the app is fantastic
Great when you start,although it seems the more you’re on the fewer cards/possible matches you get...but this app is still better than any other app of its kind.
Not a fan of online dating, but the ‘ol Tinder has always felt a bit different. It’s just an easy way to make new connections without a lot of the BS that comes with dating sites. Sometimes those connections turn into more, sometimes it’s nothing significant. No matter what though, you’re likely to meet some interesting people. Maybe you find love, maybe not. One thing I can promise is that you’ll definitely be entertained. Hands down the best distraction post breakup I’ve ever found.
Tinder is a very buggy app on my iPhone. It says I have matches but never downloads them. Tried all the suggested solutions online. None worked. In addition Tinder has terrible app search options. The Tinder app is not really a dating app. Itʻs an entertainment app. Don’t be fooled. Donʻt waste your time or money on Tinder. Iʻm deleting my profile & moving on.
Great way to judge people on a friendly scale! All this forward thinking makes everything so easy today!!
I have used this app on and off for 4 years and they not problem has never gotten any better. In fact it seems to just get worse. I don’t understand how I can spot them this easily and the developers can’t spot them at all. Every day I log into the app I report  bots more than I swipe. I’ve taken so many screenshots of conversations with bots I should start a meme page.
I have a paid membership and my pics won’t upload. It’s impossible to get customer support
Good stuff my dudes.
First day
Glitches and freezes. Messaging is slow and notifications are even slower. Have had some great conversations and have reconnected with a missed connection... lots of people I know on here...
This is a joke app😂don’t waste your time
I used to get a lot of matches but after moving to a different city, I get NONE! Not a single match and I’m a fairly good looking guy. Please fix this bug because no matter how many girls I swipe right on, no matter how many accounts I make, no matter how long I wait, I DO NOT get a SINGLE match. Please help me and let me know what the real reason is, thanks
Banned for no reason. When I asked them why and what terms I violated, they just said I violated it "in some way". Ridiculous customer support
I enjoy tinder and occasional get a response back from half the people I swipe right. Half the people who match with me never respond which leave me to believe two things. The first is that they make an account and go online 1 time every month which seems frivolous. The second is that fate decides that someone meant for me is not on tinder and is out roaming the world.
I love this but I don’t understand why when you swipe to like they are close but get to know them & they could be hundred miles away. I hate that. This needs to be fixed.
It’s a great app especially when you find a new mate ..
This app would be A1 if people used it the right way.
1 Star because you keep asking for a review
I met my current boyfriend on this app while I had a layover in his hometown for 20 minutes & we’ve been together for a year now!
Please add smart invert color support
Being asked to rate the app every time I use it really makes the app less enjoyable.
With all the $$$ this company makes, it has to be nothing other than greed that results in their not being an iPad app in 2018. Bad enough the app isn’t called by its real name which if we are being honest, should be called $Iut Farming. But I digress.   Hire some f-in programmers already and make a dam iPad app...what a joke. 
Tinder is only as good as your location and your personal level of shallowness.
I’ve been on tinder for a good year now & it use to be wonderful! Buuuut I recently lost all my matches and messages. Which in fact I had a nice collection going. I had about 2,000 matches and hundreds of messages I guess I’ll never get back. For a week or so it told me no one was in my area and I should adjust my age and distance settings. First of all I live in Houston where millions of people live. If you’re telling me no one of the age 21-28 is in a twenty mile radius you must be out of your mind. So I logged out and logged back in thinking that would work but no it just made everything worse. The app got slower and glitched even harder and I lost all my stuff. So maybe this is a sign to download a new dating app that won’t act crazy on me. And I guess I’ll just start a new collection..
This app is fun.
I have met some great people from this app.
If you’re not looking for a hookup then you’re wasting your time. I’m a woman and men only care for sex oh here. Kinda pointless to look for something real. Guys with great personalities aren’t attractive to me and guys with decent looks are a bore. Also it’s racially stacked against you if you’re not white. But I have had some good luck from tinder where a relationship formed but it only came about when a guy was looking for sex and we just happened to click. Not exactly what I want to have to go through every time I want to find a good guy. It’s 2018 and men under 30 aren’t looking for a good time unless you sleep with them.
How is this even possible? I always run out of people. Even though I’m on big college campus.
My account got blocked. I’ve tried creating new ones and it constantly shows up errors. And i know it’s nothing to do with my phone but I’ve deleted my app and redownloaded it and it still doesn’t work
I keep getting notifications of the form “{some number} people have liked you!” except I don’t have a profile.
This is actually my first review ever and honestly Tinder deserves it. I’ve had it for years and I’ve never had a problem with it. It’s fast, easy and simple. On top of that I’ve met plenty of hot girls and even friends over the course of the years. I’d say the only downfall is that you need Facebook to sign in. Recently I’ve deleted my Facebook to kind of detach myself from social media but that meant I could no longer log into Tinder. :(
Tinder social was way more fun than the regular tinder. I personally met way more people with the tinder social feature. I along with many other people were devastated when it was removed. Tinder social made meeting up and talking with strangers way easier than just hoping who ever  you’re meeting with is a good and trustworthy person. I personally believe that if tinder social was added again Tinders reviews and rate would go up. Help me help you.
Good
It's a good app to meet women
Yep I said it, awesome stuff!
Hi
Cordial saludo, esta página de Tinder es muy buena pero deberán dar más posibilidad de conocer a más gente, dar por decir una semana gratis todo.
Ou esse app não funciona direito, ou eu sou muito feio 😂
Try it, helped get out of my shell.
They fixed their issue so 5/5 for this app
I have pretty good decent luck on here. I have met a lady 1st date. We plan on doing a 2nd. Great dating app. Love Tinder.
Was good when it first came out. Now a bunch of ads, fake notifications saying people have liked you so you can look at the ads, and the tinder plus so they can make more money. I’m sure the developers are making a killing but feeling like the app has lost its novelty at this point. Total sell out but what can you do?
aight
Nothing to write home about.  Plus this new version has bugs in which the person who responds will send a message and when you come out of the app and go back, the same message will keep repeating.  They need to fix that.  It’s highly annoying!
I'm 13 and i love <3 this app!!
Pretty smooth app
To you all burning brains, add picture sharing.. do it now..
Luck is the name of the game here. Even if you’re found compatible with someone and you both like each other you’re not guaranteed to match unless you pay for a premium membership. I know this because a friend of mine super liked me and I super liked her and nothing happened. Tinder won’t fix these issues and will attempt to distract you with a new THING on the app. Hurray :/
No one talks on here.
This has been a great app, the site is very well organized.
Stop
Enjoy it!
Good app
Lots of fake people on the site or people who post fake pictures
Love this app, super easy and well-designed. The only thing I wonder is why you can’t read the previous message when you are typing your response to someone. You either have to memorize the whole message or copy/paste it to another app to view it while typing your response.
Pics won’t load, app is unusable
Made an account, used it for 15 minutes and got banned. I had no interactions with other users so I couldn't have said anything offensive or inappropriate. I had a harmless profile picture, no nudity or offensive content what so ever. When I emailed them, they said I was banned for "violating terms of service or community guidelines in someway". You know the support team of an app or website is utter garbage when they can't even tell you what terms of service you violated and just send you a prewritten message. This isn't a joke or a hate review, if you Google this problem there are countless of other users experiencing the same bull crap.
I love using Tinder because I’m too busy with work and school to meet new people. This app makes it easy to do so and as long as you’re smart, it’s safe too!
Tinder has become a pay-to-win app. If you are not using their Boosts, Tinder Plus, or Tinder Gold, they will simply stop showing your profile and restrict your matches. Realistically, the only successful business model for a dating app is to artificially decrease the chances of matching for free users so that they become paid users. If free users match as often as paid users, then there is simply no point in purchasing the product. There is proof of Tinder's pay-to-win practices online.  The golden era of tinder ended sometime in 2016. They removed Moments, which made the app interesting and opened up many conversations and real life meetings. They've bloated the app to high hell with Spotify, Instagram, gifs, and other stupid gimmicks. They also willingly let fake profiles proliferate on the site, to let free users waste their limited right swipes on. At this point it's only a matter of time until Tinder is no longer the king of the dating apps and another takes its place. 
Okay so i had some great luck with the app- until i bought tinder plus. i wanted to be able to match with people around the country and thought it would be cool to just get tinder plus. before tinder plus and maybe an hour after i got it, i matched with everyone i swiped right on and would frequently get messages. Now i dont match with anyone unless i superlike them or get any messages/responses! and i apparently run out of swipes but it doesnt tell me until i get a notification saying im able to swipe right again. i dont understand. i emailed support and they told me “sometimes you just need time”. no. i know something is up.
Good app
Great when u can talk to a nice guy and not a fuckboy
Tinder, do a better job of screening people.
Nearly every person that comes up is fake. Tinder used to be good, now it’s awful.
Pop up every 10 minutes asking me to rate the app is a good way to get a one star rating
It doesn’t work unless you pay for one of the extras.  How do I know?  Because it used to work before the extras and even a while ago when the extras were available.  Super likes, boosts, plus, gold.  Without any of these you’re just swiping for no reason.  They’ll release a match to you once a week or so
I tried to subscribe to +. I paid the price and they took my money. I noticed immediately none of the premium features were working.  I contacted customer support explaining I had looked up the faq and follows it suggestions. My subscription was active per my Apple ID. Restoring purchases did not work. I tried to log in and out and reinstall the app with the latest version. I had done everything within their FAQ as well as all basic things to try when something isn’t working. Could they help me with something on their end or with new suggestions.   Tinder replied with “that feature doesn’t work the way you think it does, you may need to purchase gold.”  They ignored my entire email and accused me of complaining about a specific feature I did not have when I explained that NONE of the features were working. I wrote backs a reply explaining their answer did not take into account my email nor did it address the nature of my original complaint. They had deflected my question with a totally useful answer.   After 3 days or so, tinder replied with a lengthier email explaining I could restore or make sure I was using the latest version of the app. AGAIN it’s as if they did not read my initial email where I explained all the steps I had previously tried and they included all the suggestions I was being provided as well as other of my own initiative. None of them worked.  Not only did tinder customer support not read my email twice and give me poor service, but they also took their one to do so and either could not address my issue or admit to not being able to address it.  I emailed Apple the next day for a refund and got it. I will not be trying to purchase ANYTHING from tinder in the future. The free stuff works as expected but I’m not paying a company who happily takes my money but refuses to actually listen or investigate an issue of a paying customer. 
Horrible I’m blocked out.
It's awesome! Best way for me to meet people for going snowboarding and for a more fun adult activities. 🍺🍸🍻👄
Use to match a lot more before when use to use it now not so many likes in general aren’t popping up and when I swipe people reappear multiple times it’s weird I usually get a lot more likes but this time around it’s not even showing me very many liking me
I wish there was a rating between 4.5 and 5, but as it stands I'll give it a 5. They need to stop showing accounts that haven't logged in in at least a month, and stop showing the "10+" likes feature for girls that are clearly over a hundred miles away. I do quite a bit of traveling and I swipe where I go, which means I will probably never get to be matched with the girls from the area I left who have swiped right on me.
I just got a tinder and was banned without sending a single message, all my pictures were fully clothed. The "support team" is just an automated message saying you violated their terms and conditions. This is absurd and these Willy nilly bans that you can't appeal or get changed are outrageous
Interesting app with lots of profiles
Waste of time
I, like most people, have a few questions that an unfavorable answer to immediately eliminates them from being “eligible”. I hate that tender doesn’t have these search limits- and if it does than I am seriously missing out! But questions like monogamous/poly, kids, smoke, drugs. I always highly appreciate when someone who smokes heavy have photos of them smoking or people with kids have them in photos with them- but not everyone is that considerate! ;0
I love it
It seems like as time goes by, I get less swipes before running out of matches. Pretty sure they reduce them as you get older. It also used to be that if you hid your profile, you could still match with people you swiped right on previously, and I don’t think that’s the case anymore.
makes you see the beauties up close and ugly too! Good friendships and common findings.
Probably a great app if your looking to meet someone but I’ve never met anyone
The new update has made it so I can not login with a different profile.
Full of basic thots
I matched with 7 women but only 3 have replied to me,I also think the whole app should be free without any in app purchases, but anyways if anyone has any advice or any ideas about how to keep women interested or what for Me to write them would be very appreciated thanks in advance, you can either reply to this review or text me 989-484-7802 thank you all very much
It’s good
Easy to use
The app just updated and it will not open I do not know if anyone else is having this problem but I would like it to be fixed.
Huge amount of spam accounts in heavily populated areas, less so in other areas.  Would not be surprising if bots were being used to frustrate both men and women with spam, harassment, and fake accounts used to gain data off users.  Becoming more and more of a problem and raises questions why Tinder doesn’t appear to have any real account creation verification features to minimize this.  While it’s free, it can feel pointless to use if inundated with bots / spam accounts. 
Tinder is great except for the countless fake profiles or the occasional old one that you’ll swipe right on for nothing. There needs to be a way to filter these out!
I used tinder off and on and wasn’t really serious about it then I stumbled across someone who is now my boyfriend of almost two years and literally never been happier! 💕 all about timing people!
It’s a good app here and there
What’s the age for tinder? I’m 17 and it wouldn’t let me get it.
As an apex predator in the wild, there’s nothing like going after what you want all day, approaching and courting women that the grass eating lions never even think once about approaching and then at the end of the day hopping on this app and giving the food the opportunity to choose you to be the one to bite the neck and take it up the tree. With this awesome water hole of an app, the alpha can continue to hunt even on his downtime as the food will come to you.
Hi.. I love  this app, I do travel a lot and it helped me make friends all over the world literally, but the problems I keep facing as follow: - Logout: it keep logging out it’s ok but with it come the 2nd problem. - missing notification: with the logout all the notations dispenser so I can know who sent me any msg. - messages: you have to keep scroll done to read again the old one so it’s annoying I hope you can solve at lest the logging out thing 
Absolutely terrible UX on iPhone 6.
I'm still soooo single, girls swipe me up but never talk. Freakin love it ..thanks tinder, I think I'll buy a years worth of super Likes!
I don’t really talk to any of my matches, I mostly just start swiping for fun, a reason for that being every girl I match with puts their Venmo in their bio😂 I’m not trying to go on a date and blow 50-100 dollars just to be saved in her phone under “free food”
I met my fiancé of two years on this app. I was not looking for anything serious but I found the man of my dreams and we are currently engaged and about to married. Great app.
Pros:   Doesn't demand money out of you to see and talk to the people you like.   Takes the guesswork out of today’s sexual harassment obsessed society (1/4 of American male/female now believe asking someone out for a drink is sexual harassment......) and allows you to know that there is mutual interest.   Meeting someone by chance or through your daily travels closes you off to a “world” of possibility. Tinder opens you up to meeting people you would never in a million years (literally) come across.  Profiles are Succinct yet comprehensive. Music, interests, hierarchy of pictures that are most viewed, and of course personal description.   Cons:   You can only message people if they like you back. I’m sure that is a plus for many “attractive” users though who get bombarded with requests.  The whole premise of the app is a bit superficial and based on physical attraction, so if you aren't at least somewhat attractive then it’ll be a lonely experience. I suppose that applies to all intimate relationships actually.  Occasional fake person/scammer. 
The profile description should have a place where you put your height. Also what that person is looking for rather is just dating, a friend, commitment something sort in that area
Honestly didn't have high hopes for this app. Heard bad things about this app but it's really what you make it. I've met some really cool dudes on here. They are all legit and very nice. Not gross at all! Try it...it can't hurt!
I used to love Tinder, but now I am very upset with the service. I don’t understand the point of subscribing and paying, when my current experience is this bad. For example, my swipes are somehow limited now, although I pay for gold. I don’t understand if this is a glitch, or a punishment for resetting my account, as I have recently reset my account because I had matches all over the place from my travels the past year. This is evident when I  run out of ppl, only for those ppl meeting my preexisting settings to appear when I change the discovery settings. Moreover, I have only had 12 matches since resetting my account about a month ago... and before you attribute this to looks, I had over 1k matches before I reset. I used to recommend the subscription to my friends because it made a tremendous difference in the quality. However, I no longer do, and will not be renewing my subscription upon its expiration. I am also considering deleting the app entirely if this doesn’t improve soon.
If you haven’t heard yet there’s a think called “ELO” and once I found out about it, I can’t feel the same way about the app...   I don’t feel like elaborating on it, just google it.  Tinder, even when it was primarily used for hookups, still had a better selection of quality people. Possibly due to its popularity amongst us 20 somethings that really only knew about match.com and others that were more for the older gens and the mentions in shows and other media. No offense to other people but POF and other apps makes me feel like that long drive through the sketchy  run down abandoned part of the city. Everyone there just look...dusty and worn out. Beat up and thrown away. But okCupid is getting a lot better with their selections if anyone is looking for something other than this glitch app.   Back to my grievances w/ Tinder shall we? So like most when I used Tinder in previous years there were an abundance of guys ranging from insanely handsome to the “has potential”. I usually could match with both tbh. Looks are worth about 30% to me. But honestly, it was ego boosting matching with hot guys & athletes I saw around in my area but never gotten to speak with. But as time progressed, I’ve been getting guys that are about 7.5 to 8 on a lucky day and MOST days everything below. Googled it, found out about ELO.   I’m about an 8 irl and a 9 in selfies (working those angles *snaps*)  my personality does most of the work tbh. But it’s hard to express on an app. So I deleted it, I hate trying to make small talk irl so it’s worse through messages. I now know I was getting in my own way back then. BUUUUT I’ve been trying to take it more serious and reply to people which is becoming even harder to do when you’re constantly presented mostly orange starburst in the options. Needless to say, I never run out of likes.   Online dating is for the socially awkward anyways... so I’ll stick to the old fashion way. The extrovert way. 
Super fun “hot or not” plus chat!!!
Really cool and organic way of meeting people!
I like the app but I recently got banned and I did nothing wrong that I am aware of... disappointed.
I've tried many times to login with my Facebook, and I keep getting an error message saying, "You are not able to log in." Please fix this issue ASAP! I really like Tinder, it's fun to meet people on there.
I recently signed up for tinder gold. After about 7 days, I logged out of my account. Logged back in next day w same ph # and it made me go through the steps of signing up again. As it loaded, I got a message saying “something wrong on our end. Please try again. O: 40303”. Issue continued and I messaged support. They told me my account had been banned for violating their terms of service. Also said that I am responsible for canceling my own subscription. I literally did nothing wrong, didn’t even have any matches on the profile.   They had a bug on their end, and instead of standing behind their product, they told their customer “bugger off, and by the way we’re keeping your money”.  iTunes seriously needs to come up with a way to ensure that app developers aren’t walking all over their clients. I have no recourse for them literally stealing my money other than posting this review. Pathetic. 
It’s always good for entertainment and I have met some truly awesome people on here. Ideal for the folks that work all the time or lack a social life.
I met my wife from tinder, the. Continued to use it to find my girl friend.. amazing! I got my main squeeze and a side piece!
Tinder is going nowhere , just keep declining , fake people , Tons of bOts , don’t even bother
I’ve never been into dating online, always found it to be kind of lame especially when apps don’t even let you communicate unless you purchase it. With tinder however it is a different story. You can communicate as long as you want. I only created my account about 5 days ago but I’ve already had the opportunity to talk to some really cool girls. One girl in particular is really like to meet. So for me so far I give this app 2 thumbs up.
It helps sometimes
I just want them to stop asking me for a review. Fishing for compliments or nah?
This app is a good idea. It's like eHarmony but on the go. It's... It's Go-Harmony! But this app has a downside.  During work hours, I like to use my phone a lot. And I mean, A LOT. I come home from work with around less than 20% battery life. A normal man would plug the phone into a charger, but I'm more of a rebel. I go upstairs to the bathroom with the remaining 20%, sitting on the white throne of waste disposal, swiping, and looking at slightly older women.  One night I came back home from work at around 6 pm, and I gleefully climbed up the stairs to the bathroom, with my dying battery life. Little did I know, this night would change my life forever. I sat down on the throne to expel evil within, and I went on Tinder. The problem with this app is it makes you forget things. The app is too addicting, in a negative way.  Upon sitting down, finishing my daily traditional sacrifice, I looked to my left, only to see the cardboard roll that resembled the skeleton of my Charmin Ultra Soft. I panicked. I knew I was in need of toilet paper. But the toilet paper was downstairs in my closet of goods.  I exited the bathroom and walked down the stairs with my underwear down to my ankles. I took my phone with me. (This decision saved my life).  Half way downstairs, I fell down the stairs, and landed on my back. I looked down on my legs, and they were broken. I dialed the paramedics on my last 2% battery life. My point is, this app makes you forget things. I forgot my Charmin Ultra Soft, so I paid the price. 
I have always loved Tinder’s concept. I use this app all the time and I love it! My only critique is that they should have it so that if you don’t respond within, say, three days then you un-match with the person only because some people take this app more seriously than others and it becomes frustrating and disheartening when you match with someone who doesn’t respond. Although this isn’t the developers fault or problem, I feel that people using the app would really appreciate it.
Amazing apps 😍😍
App is just getting worse over time! I have tinder gold and I’m supposed to see who swipes right on me. I’m always getting notifications about people liking me then I open the app and see nothing. I’m starting to think they send out fake notifications to get more active users. It’s a joke now and it’s just a waste of money. Fix your s$*t
ГУУУУУУГИИИИЧЧЧЧ!!!
I’m still sad and lonely, but I get to view people’s dog’s, and sometimes witness the resurrection of either or both Satan, and Bob Ross. I download this app because I misread it as Tender, like a chicken tender, cus I’m hungry.. huge let down on that part.
Just get an error message every time can’t even make an account
Pretty chill app
Met a lot of cool people through this app.
The app has a great user base great way to meet people no matter what you’re looking for but the app itself has a lot of issues when flipping back and forth with Snapchat especially.
It’s cool if you’re looking for something casual.
Girls don’t like my pick up lines
I've met so many cool people and gone out on successful dates on tinder. It's a fun and great way to meet new people
Good app but could be better. Should allow more likes.
How is it that i can stop the auto pay featur on here?
Found my first love. We were both looking for a relationship. We matched 2 years ago in December and going on a year and 7 months as boyfriend and girlfriend.
I’ve noticed recently that the app always freezes any other app that I’m using when switching from Tinder to pretty much any other app.   It’s like somehow it’s infecting my other apps once I open it, forcing me to force quit it and the other apps. Sometimes it stays like this for a while too. You really need to figure that out.   Other than that, ✌🏻. 
I found my wife on here it at love at first swipe lol
I have gotten two matches in three months and none of them replied
Hated tinder for awhile finally picking up. Better and better everyday
Super annoying how they keep bugging you to rate tinder. That’s why I’m here.
This app doesn’t exactly what it says it will do. It’s not the developers fault that you aren’t getting many connections or connecting with not so great people.
I paid for the one year gold service and I’ve  been using it for 2 months. Yes people have liked me and we have passed messages but my account one day disappeared and tinder doesn’t recognize me. Tinder is bs
I’m glad you made me review
Hard to find matches.. Fun app though
They charged me for a subscription i don’t subscribe too
It’s just great works for me
Really good app easy to use and plenty of cute girls
Nothing is coming thru, one day I️ went to check the site and it didn’t recognize me , made me login with FB acct. now I️ get nothing ???
Solid sometimes
A few years ago it was a fun app. Now it's completely trash. What was once with many options to set up a profile & numerous of profiles to look at is no more. I recently decided to get back on and I noticed a huge dramatic drop of members in a 25 mile radius. I was first kinda baffled by it then I notice this App is now gear towards monthly membership that is way overpriced. Now I know why people stop using this App. Time to move on..
Love this app!! Met some wonderful and down to earth women on here... I think in this generation online dating is not only the future... It’s now!! Highly recommend tinder to any of my friends... Peace and love!
WHY YOU HAVE NOT MADE A OFFICIAL IPAD VERSION  DOES NOT MAKE SENCES + The way it gone from free to any way to make money & make free as useless as possible is very very sad!!!! 
The app keeps crashing every time I enter a profile and scroll down throught it. It freezes without response. I had to restart my phone many times because of it
Thots everywhere B
I like it
Bought tinder gold yesterday, just had it today and now it’s telling me I don’t have it.  I bought it for a month and it’s only been a day.
Try it
Out of no where I am randomly logged out and banned from the app apparently because it keeps saying it’s an error when I try to make a new one. I haven’t gotten an email and it’s been 3-4days since my account has been deleted. It would be nice if you guys would tell people why they deserve to be deleted. Also I didn’t do anything to violate any rules and regulations/policies so what is the reason?
So I have been using this app for over a year and I recently purchased a year subscription to tinder gold and then all the sudden for no reason my account got deleted and I lost the 60$ I spent on my subscription. Very disappointed would not recommend this app.
No bells and whistles
Honestly it cost way to much to see who liked you, plus I have been on tender for going on a year and a half now and have not received many likes, and the ones that do like me never respond or are fake people. Should fix issues and loosen price.
Beat app to match you with the perfect person.
Just okay, neutral on this app.
Best one
Love tinder 😍
my friend and i made a bunch of friends through it and would always have a good time messaging with each other in the chat!!! bring it back !!!!!!
I made a few matches my first day. I’m not afraid to chat with a stranger, so I actually enjoyed getting to know my matches.  If you go into expecting to be ignored, rub people the wrong way and feel the same, then you won’t be surprised. 
Great app for finding new people to meet. Just have to be patient.
Thank you guys, I met an amazing guy. We had no idea we were gonna fall was n love. We got married and we are really really happy. It’s an incredible and meant to be thing! Than youuuu
I like that I keep meeting signs and learning who is compatible for me. Illy 😎💯
I met Lil pump so ya it’s cool
Honestly its the go-to when it comes to online dating/networking. The only drawback however, is the limit places on how many people you can like within a certain time period before you are allowed to again.
I am meeting lots of very nice girls  90% are here for a LTR now... as i am So is been working great for me! 
My tinder is bugged It’s frozen and doesn’t send messages no matter how many times I restart my phone or redownload the app... very angry 
I may not get results but the app does work
Is it just be or do the people you match with just disappear without you doing anything? It’s such an annoying glitch
I’m just trying to get laid
Great app!!
Good app for meeting people in general!! You don't have to subscribe to anything which is nice and it's easy and fun to use!!
Ya ni con 18 se puede, cochinada
It keeps crashing
It does what it says on the tin.
It takes too long for a superlike to come by. And if you accidentally swipe left, you probably will never see that person again although you meant to swipe right.
Good app. Just annoying message to rate the app pops up all the time. Filing this out so it won’t do that anymore.
I bought tinder plus for a year then I cancelled the subscription. Shouldn’t the subscription for for this year still be active? It’s showing it is active but I don’t have any of the features it comes with please help
Oh so neat yeah baby 🤗
Profiles fail to load after a few swipes and it just shows the circle pulsing, it constantly freezes, and it also now constantly shows profiles I’ve swiped right on seconds after “liking”.  Don’t pay for super likes because you’ll see the profile you used it on moments after and it’s just a waste. I’m convinced they purposely do this to get people to spend more money.  Plus I live in a large city and the app constantly says there’s nobody around me lol 
This app is nearly 90% fake profiles from spam bots, not to mention every five swipes is an ad for Durex condoms.  This app used to be good but now it has turned into a dump from lack of regulation.  Almost zero screening process in this app and nothing is done to weed out fake profiles.  I have reported a fake profile several times while keeping the connection/match to see if they were deleted: they don’t. Tinder does nothing when you report profiles that are fake. Complete trash.
Since iOS 11 if this app is open, it seems to work. But if I hit the home button and open something else, let’s say Snapchat. The entire phone freezes for a bit and sort of crashes. Or if I get a phone call while using tinder, it refuses to let me answer the call. Something is majorly wrong with the app, please fix it! I’m on the latest version of iOS 11 as of writing this review!
was told i have 25+ matches, so i decided to swipe right on everybody (besides the copious ads) to test my theory. i ran out of swipes without matching with anyone. don’t misunderstand my complaint here, maybe i’m an ugly boy. it’s just pretty lame to say someone has “25+” matches while providing ads and not matching you with anyone with a pop up prompt to pay money to match. there’s similar apps that don’t have invasive ads, swipe limits, or unreliable match figures. i’d go with those
I like the app for the most part, however I regularly see people I’ve already swiped yes or no on several times. Also freezes up and force closes fairly regularly.
I saw down below, a girl who literally was in the same situation as me. I had the app, met some nice people, then one day it completely stopped working. I tried to log back in, but it tells me to make a new account. Confused, I go to check my email, only to find that I was banned permanently. There was NOTHING more than PG-13, at the worst, on my profile. And every conversation I had with men were totally friendly. I emailed Tinder Support, asking for at least an explanation. All I get is a robotic response. I mean, is it worth it to fight for it? No. But still, it'll never feel good to be reprimanded when you didn't do anything wrong.
Nice app to look for new friends
I’ve used it for a year and I’ve gotten what I set out to get from it. Good thing about Tinder is that you get to get right to the point, if we dig each other, we chat. Culturally, Tinder is known as a hook up app and it’s really just that, DO NOT EXPECT TO FIND LOVE. If in fact you meet that someone here, you did well and props to you and hope you the best. Me... and confidently including every other dude on here, will keep working through this app getting with women who might otherwise look the other way if we met face to face. I’ve scored with women that I know for a fact wouldn’t pay me no mind, all to find out they were more insecure than I was, also, missing some screws up there. To the ladies on here, you’re all beautiful!! And you never know, swiping right on a semi chubby dude and blessing his day might get you that attention that other guy you LUST over isn’t giving you. 😏
The app continues to freeze every time I get on it!!
I like that it shows us how many people who liked us but I don’t think I should have to pay to see who has liked me I don’t care about paying for rewinds and unlimited passes but I think I shouldn’t have to pay to see who has liked me
Incredible!!! I’ve had 45 girlfriends because of this App, thank you tinder!!!! 😋
Every time I download this stupid app after 1 day it always says 1 message, I’ve deleted every single message and still says 1, clicked on all my matches, still says 1, only fix is to delete but I’m not reinstalling this bs, it’s been 3 years get it together..
Tinder sure has some downsides but the food far outweigh them. Before making an account I always thought tinder was silly and didn’t offer anything real but over time my curiosity and lack of meeting people with similar interests got the better of me-especially after watching so many fiends of mine finding, hanging out, dating, and in some cases getting married. Ever since day one of making an account I realized I made the right choice of giving Tinder a shot and I highly highly recommend making one for yourself! Not only do you meet (by meet I mean talk) the people (granted I think you meet and again by meet I mean talk with more people you’re not interested in than you are interested in but that’s just life) you’re wanting to meet and it’s so exciting to see having likes and new messages. I wish I had given Tinder a chance sooner than I did and even more I hope reading this review will get you to try Tinder out sooner than you were planning :)
If you’re looking to meet someone who only wants to use this app to waste peoples time or be just friends.. then I’d download it. The amount of spam and fake profiles that are on tinder is insane. I’ve had the app for a couple years and it constantly increases in fake profiles. I really like the app, however it needs some improvements and better screening to get better matching and selection of people near by
Tinder allows swipes, which for myself is a necessity! All other sites I get TONS of messages from less desirables who lack in class, with tinder I can choose to approve who I’d like to message me. It was once a dating app, it’s transitioned to a hook up app, and now meeting new friends! I wish there was an option to set in settings for serious dating settings only! If it ever happens I’ll give it 5 stars! Excellent concept though!
My account was locked for no reason and I spoke to them by e-mail and did not reply that the Tinder administration is not cooperating and  You will not be able to talk or get to know how many people you have to pay so much money to talk does not respond to users and their style is ugly Believe me they treat you like a child 
I like it overall!  But, to get gold. I was charged both the “plus” fee as well as the full “gold” fee. And I don’t care for all the extra super likes. I wish we could  have a system where we could trade 20 or so super likes for a boost or something. The boost is actually useful, and you only get 1 free a month. 
Overall, this app is a fun way to kill time, but I wouldn’t recommend paying for any of the upgrades. My account is constantly reported because I’m often lashing out at men who try to demean me and constantly proposition me for sex. It’s disgusting. If you don’t report their account before they report you, you’re SOL and your account is locked for the month that you had just paid for. Waste of money and the fun is goes away quite quickly.
Tinder always freezes my phone when I’m trying to see people’s Instagram pictures. Apparently the phone can’t handle both apps running at the same time.   Also, what happened with the option to change the order of my pictures?  Update: when are you going to fix the bug that always logs me out and makes me sign up with Facebook and go through the tutorial over and over again? It’s very annoying 
Been using tinder for a while now, now everytime i try to login its says something went wrong and sends me back to the home screen
Good update, always a fun app.
it’s pretty cool
So let’s not start with how tinder removed my account without my knowledge or letting me know. I just got an email saying they’ve removed it. So I contacted them as to why and how they should deactivate my account and they did not respond to any of my emails. They are seriously the worst!
It’s great to meet people wish they’d remove inactive accounts but otherwise not bad already some friends and it doesn’t matter what you say cause you can practice haha every girl I say something different and yes they expect you to message first
Be very careful in this site. I get nothing but fake man claiming to be military claiming to be from other countries and all they do is ask for money and ask for iTunes cards and ask you to pay for calling plans. It’s disgusting and a shame that this site doesn’t do more to prevent it especially of those using our military. There wives have always died- they always need money -DO NOT be stupid enough to send any one money - no man should ask a woman for money. 
It’s very simple and straight to the point..one of my fav apps
After 16 years of marriage, I found myself back in the dating game.  Someone suggested I try Tinder.  The app is simple to use and provided so many matches I could barely manage them.  The app delivers...whatever happens afterward is just part 21st dating culture.
Easy to use. Mostly writing this review do the app stops asking me to review it. 🤷🏻‍♂️
So, I’ve used tinder off and on for awhile now and I’ve never had a problem with it. I have a newer phone (iPhone 6s+), and I am always up to date with software updates (for both the phone and my apps). However, around Christmas tinder started to crash my phone whenever I use it. Now I can barely open the app without it quitting on me. Yes, I’ve tried to uninstall and reinstall it.
I bought the tinder gold one month that said 14$ and some change and got charged almost 40$ if I could give zero stars I would without hesitation
Had tinder in the past then deleted after awhile due to so many dirty messages. I decided to give it one last try and ended up meeting an amazing guy hours away in a small town that I otherwise would have never knew about. Been together for almost 2 years and we had our first child together! Wedding in the near future!
Ladies never look like there photos. Beware of old photos and always from above stuff. Only one super sketch chica out of twenty, so go for it. Swipe right unless there’s obvious evidence of a no go. Almost every gal was worth a coffee after chatting a bit
It’s ok I guess feel like it should be able to let you get and give more info tho
I think its the best easy way and sufficient way to find someone to hangout with.Its the best social media because its a simple swipe.Easy to navigate and get as little info as possible
Great app to find your better half!
Thank god for tinder. This is literally the only way I could ever get laid. I am 70 but post pictures of my 27 year old grandson. I believe the kids call that a catfish?
I literally had the app for 2 days. I did not violate any terms or “put any users in danger” as they continued to say I did yet the banned me from being able to make an account. I wasn’t even on here for sexual relations I was wanting to make new friends so if that’s how I violated your terms then that’s stupid so thanks for being a garbage app Tinder 🤷🏾‍♀️🙄
Barely works until you pay all the fees.
Need to bring the group option back
🤷🏿‍♂️
I hardly ever get matches, and when I do they don’t respond. Probably fake accounts. Super Like doesn’t even work anymore. This app is very depressing.
I’ve gotten numerous matches over the last week or so but tinder won’t let me see them unless I pay for tinder gold or something else. The point is you can’t even see people you match with unless you dig into your pockets which completely defeats the purpose of this app. Honestly all the apps now like this apply this system and renders them useless.
Slows down my phone and freezes my phone when in background
The app is great, I've used it off and on for a couple years. However, the locations are pretty screwy and you don't see everyone in your area. Also, whether you swipe left or right, the same profiles you JUST swiped on keeping reappearing which makes me question its quality in actually matching you with people who have swiped right on you as I have a 25+ icon for people that have swiped right, but none have matched with me in my area except for a handful. I tried setting my distance out further, increasing my age range and still no dice 🤷🏻‍♂️ not every app can be perfect. Tinder does qualify for my top 3 apps to use though 👍🏻 I do recommend
Tinder set the standard for swiping dating apps. My big complaint is how flaky people on it are and how often it resets the tutorials as if I haven’t been explained to 1,000,000 times how the features work.
I had lots of sex
Women are weird and fickle, the app is not. Hot then cold, hit or miss. Either I have several dates, or none. Not Tinder’s fault. I’m just writing. Tinder is what you make of it!! Good app
Awesome app. But the wait time to swipe is too long and I’d like to know when I’m reaching the point of no more swipes.
10/10, would Tinder again
It's simple to use and my experiences of the people drawn to Tinder are positive. Others apps can become very complicated with functions and premium services, I appreciate that Tinder does not have the extra weight and their premium service is also straightforward.
I canceled my account told them not to charge anything else to my card they still did it for 3 months after I told them not too
You should be able to search your matches nearest to your location. For example my matches from 2-3 years ago I’d like to see if they’re near to me as I’m always traveling in different locations. So when I return to a place I’d like to see my older previous matches.
I feel what people forget that an app can only help so much. Just because you don’t match with people isn’t the apps fault, it’s that you don’t have many people to match with. Or if you get someone that’s being inappropriate then again, the app can’t control what someone might say. Isn’t that freedom of speech? But if you don’t like it, then report it, and there’s where the app helps. By reporting it, you help eliminate people like that
It’s a great app . Just needs bug fixes.
I keep swiping right but I get no matches, I think they messed up and made a right swipe a "not interested" function
I’ve used Tinder for a good long while now. It’s been a lot of fun and I’ve met some great people in real life. But their peeling back basic features and hiding them behind an exorbitant fee structure is getting old. Worse yet, the latest update completely mangled my matches—I can see them, but can’t send chats—and messed with my profile (somehow getting my age incorrect).
- Indicator showing time it took a person to swipe right, compared to their average swipe (measuring depth of interest) - Indicator showing how often a person swipes right vs left (measuring discernment) - Indicator showing if your profile is read before swiping (measuring quality of interest) - Dated verification pic showing pics are current & of you (Required to post nudes on Reddit, so why not dating apps?) - Tinder parties where you can swipe only on who’s there & if you match you can test chemistry on the spot - Ability to review & edit swipes (more than just the last one) - Ability to review profiles of your swipes & reswipe the same one again (like upvoting) - Ability to turn on ‘friends only’ or ‘casual only’ per session (for variety of experience) - Height Indicator baked into basic info (everyone asks for it anyway) 
I have never left a review on here, but people need to be warned. The Tinder team will suspend your account WITH NO EXPLANATION OR GOOD REASON AND ignores any email you send to them and now I don't know if my profile and photo are still on there for people to swipe on. I emailed them many times to ask them to remove my profile.  Their company is extremely UNRELIABLE.  Do not expect any responses no matter how many emails you send to them.  I used this app for almost 2 years. I'm a private person so even when I post photos on a dating app, they're still a bit discreet. So dealing with an unprofessional and unreliable company like Tinder who just ignores users' emails regarding their own profile shows they don't care about users at all.
I think you guys should make it harder to like someone, is really annoying having thousands of matches but few of them actually replies and even fewer you can maybe end up in a date, in my case is literally 50-100 matches for an reply and 300-400 matches for a date. Not very good in my opinion
I’m finally able to connect my Spotify without the app completely bricking my phone for quitting the app, but now it freezes after I swipe through maybe 10 people? I can’t even use the app now. It got worse.
not as much diversity as i imagined for the bay, but it’s a fun app
Keeps freezing on me. I have to exit all my other apps to keep that one barely open and working. When it does freeze it takes forever to load up again.
I just payed for a month of finger premium gold and it wasn’t added to my account I tried restarting the app and even restarted my phone very disappointed
I love this app so much
If I could I’d give it -5 this app is trash just like 75% of the ppl that use it. Oh wait they are all spam bots!
Until it started absolutely screwing up and now I can’t login with Facebook, nor can I create a new account do to it being so screwy. Definitely a huge disappointment. I’ve googled how to fix the issue multiple times, do the exacta steps and nothing changes. Disappointing.
Fun for one night stands
Lit
Group tinder was the best thing that’s ever been added. Please complain all the time about it being gone...and if there was a filter for What you were looking for it would be 5X better than bumble. Like friends, dating, fwb.
I was looking forward to see who swiped right but I have to pay!!!!! I don't want to pay just to see who swiped right this app was free so should that function
Really good people on it. Some aren’t real but it’s all about just meeting new people and making friends!
I know it’s not your fault, but the boys on here are trash.
Title says it all.
Bruh I totally got the digits and the peaches and cream brah
It’s a cool idea, but the girls today love to just waste your time. That’s not tinders fault, it’s just the attention seeking behavior of the girls.
I’ll swipe on a guy and then a few minutes later his profile pops up again. What’s going on here? A bug? Feels like I never make any progress..
I have matched with over 20 girls sadly i havent found the right one but soon❤️
Its a cool little app that cuts to the chase, you want someone or you see someone, you like someone whatever you want to call it, you find someone interesting and you swipe to the right and if your feelings or sentiments is the opposite then swipe to the left. If your compatible to the person you chose based on them liking you too, from wherever in the country they might be, if they like you as well, then you get to speak to them. If they dont like you the. You can never speak with them ever, unless you go to pro level and pay and then talk to your crush.... long story short its a excellent app, well made, nothing about it is funny you can find some hoes and you can find some honeys and i wouldn't be surprised if i heard married couples met on this app, its truly an amazing app. I Mr. Wade endorse this as super legit
Like this app is dope man I think the babes on here are rad and I’d totally take them to the bone zone for sure
Locks up after roughly 10 left swipes. Freezes for 8 seconds. Also, haven’t been able to use other apps when Tinder is running in background. That’s been an issue for awhile and I know they won’t fix it, because well it’s Tinder, they always have issues.
I think this is a well made app.  It\'s a nice amount of people on here to choose from.  I\'m currently using the free version and have matched, but I definitely feel you will get ways more out the app if you pay for the features.  I have contemplated a few times to buy the gold ($30 for a month), but just haven\'t done it (not yet at least lol).  $30 bucks is just a bit pricey; however, I respect the price because a person could easily spend $30+ in a few hours @ a club/bar and not get no numbers for the night.  Overall good job Tinder.  My personal advice: if you use the app and match, make sure to talk to the person a few times (via text and phone imo) and see where their head is at before considering linking up.  And if you do link up, it may be best to link in a public setting first (or meeting at a public setting the first couple of times) to see if they are who they say they are.  Just my recommendation.  Happy swiping!!  *update*  Yooooo Tinder I gotta idea. It would be dope if you could add Live Photos on here and/or short five second clips.  It may bring more favor to the app 🔥🔥🔥 
This app has been getting me laid for years!!! Keep up the good work!!!
Im only reviewing so this app will stop asking me to fncking review
like I said, it's pretty cool. definitely the most popular dating app, so there are plenty of people to match and chat with.
I have met some strange people on here. But I like my bf
A lot of nice people here!
I’ve met cool people on here . But I wish it had a preference bar or something cuz I’m tryn see some BBWs!
I never have matches. Tells me I should upgrade but no decent “sample” of what I’d be paying for. Waste of time. Not happy at all.
The app no longer works for me at all. All matches are gone and no new matches appear. If I log off then log back in, I see a couple matches then it will tell me there is no one around me. If I’m viewing tinder on chrome on my computer all matches are there, and I see plenty of profiles to swipe on. This problem started on my previous iPhone 6 and has continued on my new iPhone X.
The new update today got rid of all my 4000+ matches. Unusable
tg
I’ve had decent luck with this app. Swipe right and filter later seems to be best way to use the app.
A. Its buggy as hell and crashes my phone every day.  B. I got banned for saying that I didn't want to date transgenders. In my area, LA, ya know never know what gender a person really is, because boys look like girls and girls look like boys.   Tinder: Yet Another Victim Of PC America 
I get randomly signed out. All of a sudden I can no longer log in with my FB. All the connections I’ve made are now lost!!! Totally defeats the purpose.
-The app itself is constantly crashing, so that’s annoying -After 100s of matches in 2 weeks I’ve only been stood up/ghosted. So be prepared for disappointment -If someone says they’re into a certain sex, then don’t show other genders. They’re two separate subjects 
I just moved to a new city this month, so as a Welcome present, my buddy decided to buy me a year-long subscription to Tinder (what a guy), but the app has been continually crashing my phone and locking everything up unless I’m connected to WiFi. It got to the point I where I simply had to uninstall and delete my account out of frustration. It’s sad enough to pay money for Tinder, but to have paid so much only for a couple weeks is extra tragic.
Pay for it & the results get better. Not bad results if you're not paying. Do your thing either way
Tinder Gold was introduced in order for the company to make money—which is O.K. The problem is that it takes away what used to be free in a sneaky, dishonest way. With this update, Tinder shows you if people have liked you on a separate circle to the left of your matches. “3 people have liked you! Want to see who they are? Pay us!” Before the update you’d simply match these people, if you liked them back ofc. But now you can’t, unless you pay to see who they are. Which inadvertently means Tinder is holding back potential matches unless you pay for them.   I hope people catch on to this soon. 
Awesome app it really works
The newest update logged me out of my account and I can not log back in it says that they can’t send me a text code and to try again later. Very annoying
It’s giving me an error message. So much for bug improvements and fixes.
"Live as if you die today, dream like you live forever."  This is a beautiful sentence and it was added by someone at tinder - to encourage you to reach out to whoever you matched with.  How kind is that! 
You match with people which is great, but no one talks. Sometimes it feel pointless but the app works for it purpose.
An great app to meet new people and maybe find something more than friends
It’s good
After the update I lost all my matches and conversations. Additionally I cannot see any people on the main screen to swipe. It says there is no one in the area, and I live in a major city with a distance radius of 50 miles.
I wish we can send pics on the app to each other.  It will be more convenient. Instead of me giving a creepy random guy my personal number.
One of the best
Stop asking me
Great app it’s made getting dates with women easier.
Met many singles in my area. This app is good for something
Kappa
Whatever it is u are looking for, odds are you can find it here.
Wish it was like the old days tho tinder ain't what it used to be
Obviously tinder has various users. The big issue is that there are bots for phishing sites, and people who came here strictly for dtf isn’t being reached. Meanwhile tinder has a Permiunn services but you think they couldn’t sort out the type of users on the app so people could find what they want instead it looking another Craigslist or backpage
Must download
Perfect
All this app does is crash and freeze my phone everyone it’s used
Anytime anywhere connect with others and have a great time and experience new things
It's okay
This new update is TERRIBLE ! it glitches and closes out of the app constantly ! please fix it !
I’ve had issues about 5 times in two years. 4 times I was told there was an issue in their end. They told me to make a new one with a new email. Now it won’t let me do anything because my phone number has already been used for an account that won’t work. I guess I have to talk to humans now ¯\_😐_/¯
Coolio
Provides you with thebopportunity to connect with new people everyday!
The Best
Good app I must say.
Tinder used to be a great app for dating. Now with their money grubbing ways it's terrible. They have right swipe limits that are ridiculous. They claim the right swipe limits should never effect the average user, but somehow it affects me everyday.
Thank you tinder I didn’t want to pay for your mediocre service thanks to the thumb print payment on my iPhone 7 it’s automatically paid when I was trying to hit home button thanks for screwing me out of 34 bucks so if I don’t get a hot Niki Minaj level girl in 6 months I hope you and all of your friends and family burn in the pits of hell for all eternity
Why is the share button gone all of a sudden
You shouldn’t be forced to use your superlikes that day or else its gone! Super likes for the day should be added to the next day as long as you sign in to the app...until then tinder is getting 2 stars from me!
I love this app
It’s cool
✊🏻👍
When I exit the app it will crash my phone. This is a huge problem as it happens all the time - I thought it was an iOS problem and Apple verified it was tinder. This needs to be fixed
I think tinder is fine. It cuts to the chase and is used now more often by people like me who are looking for a relationship not a hook up. My issue is this… I’ve contacted customer service a few times about this. They always give me the same stock answer which is completely unhelpful. It’s not that big a deal but it is annoying. I have my job title in my profile and it disappears a few times a day and I always have to add it back. I know it’s linked to my Facebook. I don’t change on my Facebook. It just disappears from Tinder. Their helpdesk has been useless every time.
I don’t understand why I see the same people I have swiped left on. If I swipe left I do not want to see them again
Everything works good. Tinder not just for hook ups anymore.
Tinder is great, but would be nice if you could choose what ethnicity of people it shows you. Otherwise I stay swiping left constantly and takes me forever to find what I'm actually interested in.
TINDER I LOVE U!!!!!!!!
This app has not been updated in forever and still only works in portrait mode on an iPad.  As a result when you start the app you have all the controls right near your home button which means you accidentally press stuff that you don't mean to do.  Tinder really needs to update this.
App keeps crashing and or locking up my phone when this wasn’t an issue on iOS 10 👎🏻
Every time i leave this app open, it freezes and crashes my phone. I have to restart it every time this happens... and it happens at lest a few times a day. I can’t open other apps if tinder is open, it will crash my phone all the same. I’ve never had this problem with the app before but it’s definitely the app because when i delete it, my phone is fine. 
Updated to iOS 11.2.2 on my 6 month old 7Plus and now I’m having app freezing/crashes nearly every time I use the app
App keeps causing my phone to crash I can’t even use it for five minutes but my phone crashing and shutting down.
It’s rowdy
Downloaded the app. Used the free version for sometime. Made plus purchase with it. Had to get a new credit card. The new card was tied to itunes so was charged as well thus double charged. Have requested to be reversed and remove the old account. Neither has happened. Customer service was horrible. Would not recommend. Have since managed to remove the automatic renewal at least but still out the double amount. Heads up in all honesty in advance.
This is what happens when you keep prompting a user to rate the app. You get someone like me who comes here and gives it a well deserved one star review. This app would function better without wasting so much users’ time.
So I’ve used this app for about two months now. I’ve gotten lucky and met a couple of girls, one who I still talk to and another that I met and had a small friendship with. Like others have stated though it is annoying trying to find people when you’re not sure if anyone is even real on Tinder. Just recently I’ve been getting spammed from some dog lovers site or something. My ex also had Tinder and has only had one guy she ever met but it’s been mostly garbage but she’s also picky I guess. The layout is simple and with the right amount of effort I could see some good relationships happen from it. That said I wish it was maybe harder to make an account so I don’t get spammed by someone who looks real only for them to send me to some site that I could care less about
I keep seeing the same 20 pages over and over !!!!!!!!!! Fix this
Deleted app after I realized even though I have 10+ individuals that liked my profile, it’s impossible to match unless you pay $15. Been swiping for two weeks and not matching up with anyone. The things companies do to get more money.
So just like most people have said it’s either you have the touch and attract a lot of girls or you don’t and are a loner. From what I’ve noticed is most girls not all respond and if they lose interest they will stop talking to you. A lot of us guys here get a bad rep that we just want sex, when that’s not the case. There’s nice, caring, genuine guys like me (I’m 21) by the way and we actually will put in the time and effort to get to know a woman she just has to be willing to give us a chance. If you don’t get a lot of matches try Match it’s more user friendly and better, keep your head up boys.
My account was deleted and im not allowed to make a new account. It says “error login in (A- blah blah)”. I would like this to be fixed because i follow all terms and no reason they shoudlve deleted my account over a “violation” i didnt do.
The app does what you’d expect Lots of people use it, so plenty of choices   The only problem is more people are on it to collect matches  There should be an expiration date on matches if you don’t speak within a timely manner, or if you try to start the conversation but they never respond.   I think at some point the people you’ve already swiped on should come back around. Maybe they got a new pic and look cute or you accidentally swiped left like a month ago and get a second chance to swipe right. 
Amazing
I think I can speak on behalf of other ugly, broke guys, but is it really necessary to charge to see who likes you? Tinder gold shouldn't have the ability to charge for seeing who swiped right on you. I feel like that should be complimentary, like when someone matches with you. Think about it and let me know.
Actually effective concept
Honestly they keep asking for a review with a pop up that you can’t close, so here it is. Get rid of the pop up and make tinder notifications work.
The app messes up my phone it freezes it . Then sometimes the won’t even open , it would keep closing out
As there used to be 👌🏿
Using an iPhone 7 and always update to the latest iOS version. This app consistently locks up other apps while running and regularly forces me to restart the phone due to it becoming unresponsive.
I’m not rating this one star because of bad experiences off the app, but the software used is so trash that it crashes every 20 seconds, and good luck pulling Instagram up through it, you’ll want to throw your phone through a wall getting this app to work
Oh yeah
yo FUHK tindr. keeps deleting my account for no good reason :) will not be making ANOTHER account bc i rather die alone at this point :) 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
I stayed away from it because of its reputation of being an app that didn’t attract quality people to date.  After a friend gave me a different perspective, I decided to try it out.  So far, I’ve been surprised the number of quality, well educated men on here, who, like me are looking for a quality dating experience.  Of course, I haven’t actually had a date, yet (only been on here 2 days) but I already have some potentials.
I have yet to match with someone who either replies or is interested in anything other than hooking up immediately. Almost had a date but then the guy unmatched me when I said I wasn’t sleeping with him asap. This app is just full of guys who don’t take relationships seriously. It’s disheartening bc this shouldn’t be known as a hook up app but instead what it actually is and that’s dating.
I really like this app but lately i haven't gotten any matches. Overall I really love tinder.
Now at times it’s a 5 Star app but mostly fake profiles and catfish trying hard. But at other times I can have 5-6 girls at a time which helps when you work 12 hr days. But none the less app works but not often lot of girls hide there faces and body’s. Overall could use help getting some of the bot’s out of this site and webcam girls are always popular don’t give them your credit card!!!
I pay 10 dollars a month for Tinder’s upgraded features.  After the most recent update, the application cannot find people around me, from a short distance to the longest distance.  The app is constantly crashing and it slows down my phone or it lags and doesn’t respond, prompting the user to have to close it.  If every time I open the app it cannot find new people (even in different locations), I will cancel the monthly subscription.  I use an IPhone 7+ and the subscription seems to be a waste of time and money.  Tinder has always been faulty and they seem to do nothing about it.  Please fix it!
I will never use an app from a company that promotes domestic violence!
But there should be a thing where people can’t unmatch Like five seconds after the match happened or right after a message. Maybe for the message there’s a say 12hr or 24hr wait so if it happens at like 1-2am and the person messaged is asleep they have a chance to even see it before the unmatch?
It’s ok like it’s both the greatest but still
please fix this freezing issue every time I access the app and I close it out it freezes my hole phone  it only happens when I open up tinder
App crashes whenever you navigate away and then back to it.  At least they got rid of all the inactive/fake profiles. ...oh wait 
While although if I have the app running in the background it crashes all my other apps, nonetheless this is a quality app for finding beautiful women and exciting new people. 10/10
After many years of searching I’ve finally found the meme queen I’ve always been after. Shouts out to mf tinder for the HOOKUP tho. Y’all the realest OGs out there keep it 💯.
I dont like how you have a set amount of likes and that you have to pay for everything if you want anything else than basic tinder. Otherwise pretty good a lot of fake profiles but that can not be helped.
I like how it's easier to tell who is interested in you and blocking weirdos is so easy.  You only talk to people who you have liked.  I've gotten so many matches and met up with so many people.  I've had many dating apps before, but with this one I've actually met the most people.
So when bots for other companies have fake profiles it is spam, but if they pay Tinder for fake advertising it is cool? Nope still spam. You have allowed to advertisers to spam your app pretending to be other users. Absolutely disgusting.
Too much bruh, relax with all you messages
It’s stuck on my boyfriends Facebook and keeps logging me into his lol
*Editing an older review*  I had complaints about the lag of Tinder on iOS 11, and they fixed it quick. 2-3 updates later it's as smooth as everything else. That was my only complaint (except for wanting tinder social back).  Here's the thing about tinder. What you really should want in a dating app is a big customer base. It doesn't matter if they give you unlimited swipes, if no one uses it, what's the point? Your swipes mean nothing then. Yeah you have to pay for unlimited use, but that's what lets them run a huge pool of profiles. They need to limit strain and get money. Honestly, it's pretty awesome that they don't make it a monthly payment required app. Also... Make a good profile. There's a lot of competition.  5 stars 
I had this app for a day. I matched with I’d say 15 or so girls on here. I was really enjoying it, but then all of a sudden I open the app to see that I was logged out. So I tried logging back in but it didn’t recognize my email or password. I then opened my email to see that I had an email from tinder, saying they deleted my account because it violated their terms of service. However, they didn’t specify the reason why it violated the terms of service, and I’d kinda like to know that. I can’t really think of how my profile would violate the terms of service, so I’m a bit disappointed.
I’ve downloaded and deleted tinder several times over the past few months and had no problems with it. This last time I downloaded it though was completely different. Every time I use it, it makes my phone crash. I’ve tried deleting and redownloading but the problem still remains. Very unhappy.
After getting a match, it will ask me for a review and I’ll do 3/4/5 stars and when doing 5 stars it asks me to leave a review on the App Store. I’m all about reviews and think Tinder is great but I hoped I’m no longer prompted with review requests. Matching with basically no one and I’m not a bad looking guy...
Tinder is my favorite dating app. I connect with more ppl than on the other ones. Even though the other ones are lesbian specific I still find more lesbian on tinder with was unexpected but lovely.
Developers at Tinder really need to figure this out. It is very frustrating, my phone freezes and won’t let me even turn it off for up to thirty minutes. I have deleted and updated and repeat so many times. After reading posts from Reddit, it seems like this has been an ongoing issue for quite sometime. Yet, there is still no fix🙄😒
I truly enjoy this app! Not to many times you get a dating app that doesn’t have glitches and tones of updates because the developers are closed minded. Tinder clearly has the best developers and haven’t seen to many glitches. Thanks for the great app. Now hopefully I can find my wife!!!
Idk who thought that it was a good idea to show potential matches the things I was into when I was 13 from my Facebook account that has gone unused for years... but they need to seriously reevaluate their life choices.
Every time I super like someone after a while they reappear like if I never swiped them at all. Just wasting my money and swipes
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Tinder is not that good of an app if you are a guy. You wont get that many matches bc of a lot of big headed girls. I went onto a subpar girls tinder account and she had over 100 matches and plenty of messages but the average guy is left getting 2-4 matches a day. Hmmm. You're better off meeting girls in person. This app just boosts average looking girls self confidence. Doesnt work
It’s not showing any photos
Very useful app highly recommended
Never buy a tinder gold. I bought it and now I can not sleep at night because it was my worst purchase in my life. I bought it because I always saw that I have a new “likes” but just to see it, you need a activate a tinder gold. But when I did it..... I figure out that it was fake like!!!!! And just one!!!!!!!!! Immideatly return my 15$!!!! 
Tinder is a great app to meet people but if I wanted to date a dog I’d just go to the pet store. It’s annoying when you get a string of fake profiles or dog resume profiles. It’s a dating app, c’mon Tinder fix your stuff.
Quality app does the purpose well. Have never experienced issues or bugs. Keep it up!
I have downloaded this app twice and it keeps freezing up on my phone.
well this is the best app as everyone knows but sometimes no one likes my profile and sometimes the girls only asking for money!
App just literally will not work for me anymore. Literally.... it just stopped working and won’t let me use the app. So thanks tinder, ya douche
Tinder is strange in its own way, as most social media tends to be; We judge people in .4 of second, with a few swipes.  Obviously being genuinely attracted to someone as soon as you lay eyes on them, and there’s that natural instant connection when someone who 🙏🏼 hopefully makes the first move. Reach out, it’s right in your hand. Be confident. Be honest. Have good intentions. Starting a conversation out of thin air with a stranger is incredibly difficult and can be awkward. But go for it. “You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.” -WG  That’s why we’re all putting ourselves out there like this. Ego? It’s 2018. Meeting people is hard, especially good people, but they are out there. Be a good person, and good people/things come into your life.  Simple as that. Technology/social media/society play a huge role in our generation(s) to meet new people so easily. Trust your instincts obviously, but I met Caity who I hopefully spend my life with once she’s back from Air Force Service Orders in at least 4 years. Worth it because she’s literally perfect. There’s always a catch, but trying is better then not throwing bait into the water. Mermaids exist. Good luck and I hope you find love like I did ❤️🙌🏼  MJ 
Never get any matches and when I do...they don't message back.
So tinder is what it is, a bunch of people catfishing putting old pictures as their mains but forgetting the app pulls new posts from different social media outlets.  Not many profiles feature “always” attractive people.  Meaning you may start liking them and wanting to know more, but then see a more current picture and be turned off by the deception.    Today though while responding to a message - a new match appeared.  It said something about bald being okay.  I slid to the left on the message and the only option said unmatch.  I don't know how i matched with this hims profile but i clicked on the message.  It literally was an ad for hair restoration.   Which made me think, did they target my profile because my head is shaved in all my pictures? If so, how rude, and insensitive of them to say bald is okay to get me to open the message and then try to sell me restoration.    The app is already riddled with people faking their image to get matches and this ad is further exploiting those insecurities.  I happen to love my look with my head shaved and would never add a chemical to my scalp or skin to change that.    There are enough reasons in life to be insecure but who wants to be subjected to an ad in an app shaming you for how you look.  I am going to take my confidence posterior out doors to meet some people.  This online dating stuff is just a cash cow and no one really cares what goes on.  Just wanted to be matched with like minded people - not harassing ads. 
So easy to hook up with local women.   Like shoot omg fish in a barrel.
I’ve had this app for a long time now and still haven’t really met but 1 girl. I feel like for people that are lgbt, you should make it to where the people you actually swipe right on, are actually into females as well. There’s so many girls I see on there that I see are straight and some that like girls as well and it’s confusing. Can you guys some how fix that??
It’s a pretty decent app, pretty easy to use. Only thing is notifications kinda come in slow and the system glitches a lot other than that it’s really a good way to meet people
I like the idea of tinder, but you have to be very specific with what you want. I am looking to date people and hopefully find a relationship, but everyone seems to only want to hook up. I think they forget that it was created to be a DATING app. I get annoyed because even with the distance set, if someone outside of my range matches me, they show up on my timeline. And that is frustrating because then you match with someone only to realize they are 2 hours away. I hear that guys have trouble with the “bots” on there, but girls have trouble too. I personally get a lot of likes, but no one talks. I’ve downloaded it a few times and started over. And the last time I literally sent a message to every guy I matched with with no reply. Or they would reply once and not keep the conversation going. So I would say, if you’re going to make a move you should do it as soon as you get the match because I guess people stop checking it after they’ve been sitting in your matches for a while. I really love the idea of this app, but people don’t use it for what it’s meant for, and that’s a bummer. It’s almost impossible to find like-minded people so I would also suggest being VERY straightforward about what you’re looking for early on. It’s a good app in and of itself, and I haven’t had many issues with the actual app or technologically. It’s more of user errors. And people not using it for what it’s meant to be used for. I’ve gone on a few dates with people I would’ve never met otherwise, so I am overall pleased. Those were just a few tips for the app from a girl who has been using tinder for a while. It’s a good app and I definitely recommend it for meeting people. Especially if you’re shy like me. Happy dating everyone!
Clunky, inflexible, frustrating. Terrible design. Impossible to manage subscription, upgrade, restore. Zero useful customer support. Hang out in a bar, it’s cheaper and more effective.
Have always found quality people, educated and fun.
Every time i use the app i get the tutorial bs....annoying. For a simple app, sure is buggy....
iPhone 7  If you leave the app at any point without closing it, it'll make it so that no other apps work and sometimes it will freeze the other apps. It will also freeze my phone at times as well and I literally can't do anything (can't even turn off my phone or go to the home screen or close the app). I bought tinder gold so this is really frustrating.  In my opinion, if your app ends up freezing the platform that it's on, it doesn't even deserve the 1 star I gave it, regardless of the app's quality. 
Decided to try out the gold because whatever. Unfortunately I have been getting a notification or two every week that “someone likes you.” This is then shown false as nothing shows up in the “get likes” section where you can see who likes you. I also swiped right through the entire list of entries for today to make sure it hadn’t glitched. No matches. This is good money that I paid as something of a leap of faith. You are consistently disappointing me and quite honestly wasting people’s time and money on a subscription that is not working. Either fix it or take it down until it’s working properly. 
I think Tinder is great. However, after updating to iOS 11 (and its subsequent updates), the app is glitching out constantly. If I have it open and I open another app, both apps freeze. I have fully investigated this issue and the possibility that it’s the phone or other apps, but it’s definitely Tinder. Even when a tinder profile is linked to Instagram, the apps will freeze when Instagram opens. It’s a real problem. I hope they remedy it.
Very hopeful when using this app. Wish more accounts were active though. Otherwise it is great way to talk and meet new ppl!
All I’m doing is swiping left and right that’s all this app can do basically!! It’s not even helping me find any matches period!!!! If it’s just looking at girls and swiping left and right I can go on Instagram or Facebook for that!!!!
I'm a pretty attractive, clever person with a decent profile in a populous area yet this app still led to nothing. Complete black hole. Sifting through all the horrible profiles with trite bios and then not receiving responses made me feel generally negative. And I got hundreds of matches in a pretty short timeframe. I can't imagine what this app is like for anyone less attractive than me, it's gotta be brutal. Trust me, don't waste your time. It won't do anything good for you.
Caro y no bueno. Expensive much  better seeking arrangements
The apps works fine when it wants to but most of the time it’s buggy and slow on my iPhone 6 and I have to use the browser version. I have to close my other applications in order to get the app running. Sometimes when I have my other apps closed the app will freeze and crash. It will do this for several times until it works. Please fix the bugs and offer better support for iPhone 6. I’m paying good money to use this service; don’t make me regret using this app.
Posing as adults, rating, ranting, and disrespecting everyone bc they don’t have any etiquette. Instagram used to be a place I used to express my art. Now it feels like a soft porn site, and its very ratchet. Ew. Delete!
The app itself keeps crashing, and if I have it in the background while trying to do other things, my phone starts freezing. There’s nothing that can stop it either, lock button and home button do nothing.   I just wish it wouldn’t crash everything 
I was permanently banned because even though I’m 18 and in college, I have a baby face and someone on the team thought I was lying about my age. Tinder support refuses to let me join back and only sends me copy paste responses.
I honestly can’t thank tinder enough I met my soulmate on tinder and I’ve never been happier
You have to buy tinder Gold to even see who likes you. This is garbage. How are you supposed to match with anyone if you can’t see their profile till you pay for a monthly subscription. I’m just using tinder casually and I’m forced to pay if I want to even use this app for what it was meant for.  Money grabbing developers.
Just wish it showed if someone read your message or not lol , overall a great functioning app ❤️!!!
I love how Tinder keeps adding new features for in-app purchases but won’t update their algorithms on how the app locates people around you. There’s zero technical support unless it’s for a paid feature. I live in a college town with 17k students alone, not including locals and after swiping through about 30 individuals the app tells me there’s no one around me within 30 miles, and is basically useless because it refuses to find new contacts. Tinder used to be fun now it’s just a trash ad platform with useless features. Not to mention the ridiculous amount of fake accounts that are allowed to exist here without moderation but I guess as long as they’re getting paid ad fees the quality of their product doesn’t matter, right?
Met a guy on here, and one year and a couple months later, here we are still together, not expecting that this would’ve ever happen. It was #LoveAtFirstSwipe
I deleted my previous, derailed review to replace it with this short one.  Tinder is so glitchy, it crashes nonstop, it can’t handle itself enough to run in the background without seizing up your phone. If you open another app/process over top of Tinder, it will freeze and crash. Update after update and this is never resolved. Also getting limited swipes per day is laughable. Why would I want to pay a price for premium if the app can’t even stay running.  Change your coding because nothing you’re doing is plausible. Your whole base code is apparently so weak, it can’t even support itself. 
I want to purchase only one month of gold, but was charged 6 months worth of Gold. I need help and when I file a report on iTunes it only says I cannot receive a refund.. well.. I believe deeply in customer service and if no one can help me and resolve this problem I won’t be subscribing again.
On 07/21/2017 I met up with a random tinder match to get high and have sex. Now it’s 01/21/2018 and I’m getting married to that random tinder match in 5 days (:
Shows men nonexistent matches, fake profiles, and gives fake “boosts” . Lies about the number of matches to get you to go “pro” or gold. Lots of catfishing . Waste of time and money
It’s a great app and all, but I wish there was a maybe stack/button for the ones I am unsure about, then I can always go back and go through it
... my iPhone SE doesn’t respond for a while if i minimize this app.
You kinda have to weed out the nice guys from the sex-crazed guys but it’s a cool app if you’re new to the dating scene. They deleted my account & never gave me a reason just something about I violated the guidelines & I know I didn’t so watch out for that.
I am Ugandan knuckles. Tinder is dee wae two find de qween! I found many false qweens that new dee wae to de DEVIL! but I think I have found the beleeeeeved qween. She sais she no dee wae. I will spit on her if she is also false. "Click click click"
Very good, but have a problem Evertyme the app pop up (push notification) says: “you have new Message” when you open, nothing! And now, New notification: “You have one like” but when you open, nothing, just for you buy a in purshase! It’s so bad!!! 
iPhone 7 plus
It freezes and crashes all the time
what the developers been doing that causes this app to demonically possess my phone and freeze and force quit all my other apps??? i can’t even open this thing without it freezing and jamming up my phone   also y’all are telling me i have to pay to get more likes??? i have to pay monthly for an app to meet ppl? i got enough bills to pay ur telling me i have to pay to be catfished?? what kind of eharmony bs is this???? 
Google it. Terrible lazy developers
Plz.
Great app. Except it’s gotten pushier and pushier about me enabling notifications. Every time I open a conversation in the app, it’s a massive banner at the top.
Aftet the update it stopped working
Grrrrreeeeeeaaaaat
Whenever I get out of Tinder my whole phone glitches out. And it’s only when I use and close that app.
The app functions as designed. But the Tinder community just wastes your time again and again.
1488 issa mastaoiece
I can swipe and get matches but when I go to reply to them on the iPad 2 and the iPad mini the app crashes... Please fix I have a lady waiting )':
Great vibes
If I use tinder while my other apps are open and try to switch back to my other apps they will all freeze or crash. So I constantly have to close tinder and all of my other apps to reset them. This isn’t a huge deal but it also shouldn’t be happening in the first place. for some reason it only happens with tinder. None of my other apps freeze all of my open apps. Just tinder. Please fix this for a 5 star rating.
Great app! Meeting a lot of people who are interested in causal dating or something potentially more engaging. But why the hell is it starting to freeze up my device?
This app is glitchy and is freezing up my phone and other apps when I try to switch between apps... unfortunate. Deleting to save my phone
Tinder messes my phone up. If the app is open, the next app I go into freezes, once i close tinder and start that app over it resumes. It is very annoying.
It’s Ight I’m 16 and I find girls ma age it’s pretty dope ESKETIT 🤟🤟🍤
I’ve been using the app for a while now and everytime I open the app and I start using another one, Tinder always make: 1- my phone 100% slower, 2-it freeze the screen and I can’t do any action and I have to restart my phone over and over again, why? Because everytime I use other app and I’m using Tinder at the same time, this problem always happen! I thought it was because I didn’t have the latest update but I’ve updated the app so many times and this still happen! I don’t wanna delete the app but this is REALLY ANNOYING. I have an iPhone 6s, if that helps to fix this problem on these devices!
The app freezes,lags if I open up a different app on my phone and did not close out tinder it won’t open the other app. Tinder itself will lag then close out. I have no updates for tinder, as it is up to the current version
Got laid
My phone crashes every single time I use this app. Everything just freezes in my whole phone, it used to be a really great app till one day it started bugging out!:(
I liked the app but it freezes my entire phone please fix it !
PLEASE! PLEASE FIX THIS APP! You can’t expect people to pay for things and such when it literally crashes on them. When. I text, it makes my phone all screwy and slow. I had to hard reset 5 times! Please FIX your app, and I will reconsider.
This app it's trash they charge you for everything . You can't even see who likes u because u have to upgrade.
Pictures should be able to truly zoom in. One oops left swipe should be free say maybe once a week. I should be able to message whoever I swipe right on, not just who likes me back. How do they know they don’t like me if they haven’t seen me yet?
I love the app I’ve had major success but I think it should be a way to search what type of women you would like to see and type in a word to find the profile of females that you’re interested in
Writing a review because I’m sick of the ad popping up, “how are you liking the app?” Lol
1. Crashes constantly and you can’t switch between apps while using it. 2. Too many bots & women asking for venmo money or sugar daddies. 3. Combination of Tinder forcefully reducing matches and women being very picky means very few matches for most men. Gold and boosts help, but that becomes very expensive fast. Most matches won’t respond anyway, few of those will end up as dates, few dates lead to a second or getting laid. Just a hell of a lot of effort/money for very little.   Otoh, if you’re a woman, you will find it extremely easy to get matches and laid. Finding a long term bf may be hard, especially when you are only swiping right on the hottest guys! 
Very great app!
Was better when they offered stories
I log onto this bollocks every day to do my "100" swipes (always feels like less idk why) and never get any matches. I know I'm getting likes because every time I log on there's a new girls' pixelated picture on the ole pay to win tinder gold ad on my matches tab so obviously women are liking my profile and yet the stupid app never actually allows me to talk to these floozies bcs I have given them any money 😒
Asked me to rate right after I matched with someone. Smart.
takes to long to load is affecting the system please fix it.
I have been a frequent purchaser of super likes but I alaway see someone I super liked pop back up shortly after I have super liked them.  This is such a rip off.
This app would be so much better if they were able to fish out the fake profiles!
Tinder won’t let me log into my Facebook account without showing my likes. I’ve had my Facebook for a long time, so I have a lot of likes and it shows all of them on my tinder profile. I don’t want them there! It doesn’t make people swipe right on me more. It probably makes them swipe left more often. This is a flaw, and I want it fixed. No more Facebook likes on my profile please.
If you wanna waste your time with hot guys that’ll treat you like trash this is a great app.
This app has literally glitched since the first time downloading regardless of updates. Doesn’t send sms code to my phone, had to make a whole new tinder. Can’t even see how many likes i have now. Used to be great, overall trash now.
This app is so glitchy. It freezes all the time, and if the app is open at all, it will freeze every other app, including my music, or it would cause the other apps not to open. When the app actually works, it is filled with thousands of fake accounts, and don’t even bother reporting them, because they will keep popping back up.
So many bots
Tinder is great but it needs a profile preview option like bumble. Right now yes you can view your profile like you would when you go to OPEN another user’s profile to view their bio but you can’t look at your profile in the main swiping mode. Which is where I believe most people spend most of their time. I only read a bio if the pics are cute ya dig. Without this feature it makes it difficult to know if your picture is centered properly causing some (other) users face’s to be out of frame if improperly aligned.  Also, tinder makes my phone slower than a turtle on a racetrack wearing peanut butter shoes. FIX IT. I literally have to exit the app every time I leave for other apps to work. 
My tinder stays open for about five to ten min tops and freezes then exists out constantly. It’s aggravating
Simple system and great features!
One of the better dating apps, I just wish you didn’t have to pay for some of the good features!
App is broken haven’t gotten laid yet.
And you shall get 5 stars. Some of these girls are robots and photoshopped.
Be careful!! There has been catfish on here and ladies be really smart!!! This app needs to work in their policies!!!
Many things working just with payment. Many fake & bot users :(
Keeps crashing. It’s pretty annoying
It is working fine but whenever i run other apps with tinder, it crashes every time. And even slow downs the phone. I think you guys need to fix some bugs. It really causes the other apps to crash as well.
I got this app because it’s one of the “best” and most popular but the problem is this app does not match me with teal & attractive people idk what is the issue but is always matching me with the fake profile i guess “catfish profiles, and what gives ? I’m paying premium for that I’ve gone on a few dates... I’ve had a lot more success just dating women I meet in person, another thing that is very annoying is that when I get a match it always ask for a review, and I’m now here, to review and I hope it stops I’ll give it 1 more week while I contact support but ever since I made it 2 years ago I’ve had same issue, deleted the app and came back last summer paid premium just to see the same results I got when I had it for free, my profile has been tweak to attract the girl I would like to attract but nothing I do seems to work even my pictures I put up pictures from a photo shoot I did in the islands of the Caribbean yet same results, actually went on a swipe right spree just to see who I’d match with and a male was in the female section, “what in the f***” Tinder can catch that there is men in the absolute female section that needs to be fixed as well. Look Tinder may have been a great app back then because it has worked for hookups in the past but now it needs a lot of work try it but be careful.
I rarely leave app reviews nor do I rarely leave bad reviews anywhere online, however, this is one app that really needs to be pulled and evaluated by Apple.  The ONLY good thing about this app (when it works) is the quality of the matches I get.  I've met some good people here and it's the only reason I come back and fight with the frustrations of using it over and over.  This app simply doesn't work as designed unless continuously having to login every time I open it or being prompted with the "help" features when I've clearly used it many times to know how it works is just uncalled for.   There is no excuse or reasoning for this.  Back to the drawing board and new developers are needed.
I’m a plus member and it barely shows anyone to me after I’ve boosted. I barely get to swipe right anymore now because of it.
Excellent
It is impossible to chat with matches. There is a stupid warning screen that requires a swipe right that cannot be swiped.
This app isn’t what it used to be. Tinder social made the app 100x better, but they got rid of it. You’ll also find that not many people actually reply to you after matching, as there’s no incentive for them to. I wanted to try out their Gold membership for a month, but instead it got me a 6 month membership. This happened due to a bug. The app crashed right as I made my one month purchase but I ended up with 6 months. I contacted them to try and fix it and they said there was nothing they could do.  Finally; the app crashes a lot and makes it hard to run other apps simultaneously. Today, I wanted to disconnect my instagram account from my tinder profile and my whole phone froze and I had to reset it. Never have had this problem with any other app. 
Man it keeps freezing my whole phone and then it crashes all the time I updated it and everything but it crashes freezes my phone
Too many fake profiles. I've sent several messages to people and nobody has responded. 
Have used this app for years with no technical issues, but today the app deleted all my matches with no warning, including potential plans for the weekend. Such a waste of my time.
I don't get why when this app crashes, nothing else on my phone will respond and I have to restart the whole thing. Also I haven't gotten any matches for the past few weeks: either I am very ugly or something is wrong with the algorithm
I love this app 🤘🏾😏
it doesn’t work on my wifi and i hope they solve this problem soon
I can’t seem to get a single match in LA? Maybe figure outa way to match these 10/10 Instagram models (97% of the people here, in LA) with themselves & match ugly people (like me) together somehow?
Awesome
I enjoy using Tinder, but not when it consistently crashes. It crashes when exiting the app and re-entering or it makes other apps on my device crash instantly when multitasking. Fix this issue please!
Any app that gets you laid consistently and systematically deserves 10/5 stars in my book. Don’t forget your raincoat(s)!
I’ve had my fair share of success meeting people on here that I normally wouldn’t have the opportunity to meet.  However the problem lately is there’s a slew of women who use these accounts purely to gain snapchat and Instagram followers, or to try lure you to some stupid hookup site etc. Tinder needs to do a better job mitigating those.  Aside from that it’s not too bad.
This app functions as it is supposed to; however, it takes advantage of the pay-to-play trend that exists within apps today, which is unfortunate. Besides that, it runs smoothly and has plenty of options for conversing, swiping, etc.
Love it
The third app I used after the first two failed. Same thing, same results. Virtue dating such as this just make the ‘good looking’ people more pretentious, and remind average looking people how ugly they are by given them no matches. But hey if you do find one, it’s either scammers trying to sell you something you don’t want or somebody don’t even live close to you. You really can’t count on this app, because the more hope, more swipe you do, the more disappointment and loneliness you will receive. It’s better to accept your life and love the isolations around you with your head up high.
It is just ok need to keep people that don’t reply and aren’t serious out of the picture
this is buggy as heck. my entire phone keeps freezing up if i leave it running in the background and i have plenty of memory on my phone so it’s definitely not that causing an issue. idk what’s going on but please fix it!
I met my future hubby on this app and it’s pretty cool. We’re about to move in together too. We both share the same values and the same diet! Candy, candy canes, candy corn, and syrup. 10/10 Highly recommend and stay sexy and don’t get murdered.
I haven't found anyone yet for any of my motives but it's been 3 days and I got tons of beautiful women so I am not worried lol
They swipe to like or dislike
Bruh to get every gold pack it’s like 60 dollars a month... can y’all do something about the pricing?? Cause us college kids gotta choose, between saving 60 or getting sucked into gold, then have to end up eating ramen all month for breakfast lunch and diner.
One of the best dating apps on here
All the other apps have it. Would be a simple but very useful feature to have.   Something where you can just see everyone youve matched with within 30 miles, not just in order of matches.  But a great app! 
👌🏻🔥🔥🔥🔥
Was talking with someone and tinder wasn’t sending messages so we switched to a different app. Now she’s not showing up in my matches
Cant send any messages
Gives me an error every time i try to message ANY of my matches
If u don’t close it from your background , it will freeze ur phone n glitch out ... every update makes it worst (iphone 7+)
I have found this app works great, but if I’m in New York City, it doesn’t work at all. It’s very frustrating!
I’m on Wifi and my messages still fail to send..?
It’s so fun! I gave it four stars because u can’t take back accidental left swipes.
No more asking if I want to rate the app. That is all
Once I leave the app it makes my other apps freeze. My phone crashes and I have to hard reset it .    Oh and I hardly get msg lol . But I do get matched . 
Hasn’t been a problem until today. What’s going on, tinder?
So, I moved to Germany recently and I’ve been trying to use my tinder account from the states and it logged me out saying I have to make a new account. Please help. I don’t want to lose my original tinder account. Thanks
Not anywhere near enough likes before you have to wait 12 hours for it to reload!
It’s okay what I don’t like is you can’t chat with these girls or women unless you match. I don’t get that part how you going to get to know someone your just going to keep swiping all the time 💯.
It wont let me log in in says era code N:-1011 Whats up with that?
Over all it is a waste of time unless if you wanna check out pics and jerk off alone v
App is up to date, phone is up to date. App won’t open anymore after weeks of spontaneous crashing. Please fix this, as I am trying to smash this really hot Italian chick and can’t get her number now
When did tinder become so dumb? I run out of likes...fine. But I can’t even change my location?! What the literal HELL?! So I can’t even see my potential matches before I move somewhere??? To be frank, that’s dumb AF. I’m moving to Hawaii next month and want to see my potential matches but NO! I have to PAY?! Forget this. I’m sticking to hinge and OKC.
Bring back tinder social 🤦🏼‍♂️
I think I speak for everyone when I say that the user should have control of the order of their pictures
I have the iPhone X and I hate when I’m trying to leave the app and I super like someone that I would have swiped left too.  It should confirm super likes especially on the iPhone X
This app really needs to police its users a little bit more when it comes to minors. 18+ for a reason. Nobody needs to deal with getting charged with soliciting a minor!
A pretty good app but when ever I want to go to another app, it messes up my phone. I don’t know if it does it to all carriers but definitely iPhone
The concept works and I’ve met a few people. My issue with it is how buggy it has become. It causes my phone to crash constantly ever since iOS 11
I’ve rated you, Tinder. Now stop asking other wise every time you ask me to rate you, I will take a star away.
When I open Tinder on my iPhone running the latest iOS 11, closing the app grinds my device to a halt. Attempting to open any other app crashes me back to the home screen.  Seriously, how? 
If you aren't a gorgeous person, it will take a long time of learning what kind of pictures will works better for you. Probably more than one year. When you find what works better for you, you will start to get dozens matches with awesome ladies. Therefore, you still need to learn how to message girls to make then go out with you. It's free, it works, you just need effort to make good things happen. Enjoy
It was amazing at first but one day when I went to get on it had already logged me out and when I tried to log in it, it made me create a new account and then when I’m at the final step and I push continue it says oops try again later I deleted the app and downloaded it again multiple times but the same thing happens i read someone eles comment and they were having the same issue and they got banned ..... so I’m starting to wonder if I got banned if so why ? Please respond to my comment I really loved this app at first !!  PLEASE FIX THIS SO I CAN USE THIS SPP AGAIN AND GIVE U GUYS 5 STARS
Tinder periodically sends fake notifications that someone liked you and when you go to load up the app and look, no one is there. I noticed a lot of other similar apps do the same. There is a lot of fake profiles on it to get you to spend money or just flat out fake people and time wasters that dont reply back. You have to be either really good looking or superficially 'normal' and 'educated' to have people pay any attention to you on these apps.
This app makes all my other apps freeze and have issues. It crashes. I often have to restart my phone after I use it. The matching and stuff is fun but fix the back end guys!
So you take time to make a profile only to have your account kicked and permanently deleted and tinder will not tell you specifically what you did wrong but that’s okay because even if you don’t get mysteriously deleted when people “like” you they never message you and when they do they are either just looking for pics or they are spam just trying to get your info. This app is a waste of time!
The service is fine, but every time I send the app to the background, it freezes up my phone.
I can’t connect my instagram and sometimes it kicks me out of it but other than that it works great
I would give it 0 stars if I could! You can’t use this app if you have anything else open it breaks every app! If tinder is open nothing works and you phone slows down and all the apps you try to use crashes until you close tinder and restart your phone!!! Make it manageable with other apps please!!’ Like seriously don’t make me restart my phone everyone I use the app and then try to use anything else Else!!!
Tinder used to be at the top of their game. Unfortunately since the developers got greedy, they have flooded their feed with bots and fake accounts linked to premium services. Good luck finding a real person, especially if you pay for your subscription. Save your money for a Netflix subscription...
I found that It is the easier Dateing site I had try So far. I met few good guys. Not my Prince Charming yet ,but I have hope. 
Kicked me off the app and won’t let me log back in... bug prob??? I’ve already made my account and everything, even had interactions with people and it just kicked me off, nothing bad or sexual just matches or a convo... sooo I’m confused.. help!!!
I like a man with class, but I also like a man with a lot of...gas. Flatulence is the key to every healthy relationship and colon, tinder really helped me find the key to my : Swiping right was almost as good as wiping right. I really loved the easiness of this app it was like a nice smooth bowel movement. Thanks tinder for pairing me with the perfect poopy man. 
One can use this app for a multitude of different reasons - that’s the beauty of it. However, there should be built in hard stops and real questions of compatibility for those looking for just a hook-up, new friends, or a relationship. That way each match isn’t a question of, “what are you here for?” It would provide users with better results. Instead, the focus is on appearance, age and location making people disposable. It’s disappointing & contributes to the overall numbing of society. I will say this to the developers, I’m grateful to the stability/longevity of this app. I matched with the love of my life summer ‘16.
I have used Tinder for about three years and it has been great, with the exception of a few matchless dry spells. In the past few months the app has been consistently crashing and freezing my iPhone up. I am unable to open any other app while Tinder is open without everything crashing or freezing. It is very frustrating.
No problems!
Tinder is okay. So far I haven’t met anyone from it, but just an extra feature Tinder should give people the ability to let others comment on your photos then it would be great if not more interesting.
I can’t even sign in when I enter my number and it’s post to send u a code but I never really does. Would not recommend this app at all. P.S. there mostly fakers on this app
Yo this isht keeps crashing my whole phone
Greatest app around!! Definitely boosted my social life and sex life
you gotta be on this app alot to get matches but its awesome once you do, you meet wonderful friends!
Every time you open the app, it thinks you’re opening it for the first time, forcing you to go through a lengthy log-in process, and making you slog through the tutorial. Of course I’m still giving it 5 stars because it’s gotten me laid multiple times, which is about as good as an app can get.
I signed up for Tinder on 12-28-17 & was lured into subscribing for 1-month. After unsuccessful attempts to have matched woman text or call me, I suspected bots & I cancelled my subscription with over 2-weeks left. I went back to Tinder without buying a subscription & for several days 3 “Matches” appeared in an area I could open by subscribing, but no additional matches dropped into my non-subscription list that had no more than 1 non-subscription match. VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH TINDER!
My tinder gold is no longer usable as it says I cannot restore my purchase due to too many account recreates. I find it hard to pay for a service I can’t use. I’ve submitted emails to support and have not received an email back to restore my tinder gold privileges.
I found my real Dad.
good
I like the app fine, but I decided to try one month of plus again.  I selected the one month option, checked on the purchase form that it was for one month, and it signed me up for six months, which is 25 bucks more.
Lots of my goo gobs have been shot on faces because of this site 🤤
You can't use any other apps with Tinder running in the background!  7 Plus 128GB and its impossible to be on instagram or snapchat while tinder is open! 
I’m fairly new to Tinder, but so far I’m not very impressed. I keep getting tons of notifications that I have new matches, but when I actually check the app to see who has matched, there’s no new matches.   Also, the people I have actually matched with never respond to messages. I’ve seen several profiles asking for money or are clearly spam. Fix the notification bugs and I’ll consider giving a better review. 
Tinder crashes my iPhone 7 constantly. With each update I hope it gets better but never does.
Good idea in theory but there is hundreds of fake accounts you have to ignore, which tinder has never made an attempt to get rid of, so I think they keep them so more people will stay on their app. That and the app charges way too much for their extra features that aren’t even that great to use. Tinders in it for the money 110%. It’s also the only app on my phone that causes technical issues with my phone for 5-10 minutes after using it every time. I’d say it’s just the phone but it only happens after using tinder.
I started using tinder about one month ago I would say, everything was great at first, but lately the app makes all my other apps crash if not closed previous to using them. I can’t leave tinder open then jump to Snapchat because it won’t load, same with Instagram, YouTube ( y’all get the memo ) PLEASE FIX THIS ISSUE, it makes me want to delete the app and just meet people the thru other apps. what’s taking so long ?
Where else can I get a sustained sense of rejection with a simple swipe of my finger? Thanks tinder! 
Fix this. Please. My phone keeps freezing because of it and the app itself keeps crashing.
I've only had this app for one day and I've had to restart my iPhone several times because every time I try to do something else it freezes my phone. It's not worth the hassle.
The only problem i have is that it shows dead inactive account, and crashes every once in a while. Other than that i want to thank them for not making effing messaging behind a paywall. Most other dating apps (like christian mingle for instance) you literally have to pay $30 a month to talk to someone, and here it’s free. So thank you!
Look good
I never write reviews. But this is so bad that I had to. I’m female, and one day I woke up and I was logged out of Tinder. It said error 43 or something. I emailed them asking why I was banned and got a generic “you violated terms of service” email which DIDN’T HELP AT ALL. I did NOTHING wrong.   Also people I swipe left on reappear in the card stacks. I don’t think they’re a good match; that’s why I swiped left, yet they reappear. This has happened with multiple guys. 
Soon as I exit app, phone become unresponsive and needs a reset... always happens.
Doesn’t work at all, just loads and loads and loads. Literally pointless as a feature right now.
Whenever this app is open I can count on crashes, freezing, you name it. It’s the only app I have trouble with on my iPhone.
This app wild
This app is slowing my phone down so much and it's only the first day. I keep having to close and reopen it so many times and it's makes multitasking so difficult.
The amount of fake profiles on here is staggering, DO not pay a dime for this. If you’re going to waste your time on here, fine, but don’t waste your money too.
The app constantly crashes or freezes, can only be on for 5 min before you have to close and restart. You have to completely close close out the app when wanting to use other apps or even just look at text messages as it will crash that app too. Needs lots of work with that. It’s fun to “people watch” while swiping but unfortunately it’s slim pickings for anyone wanting something more then a hookup.
Why would you get rid of group swiping???
I found my half, my twin soul, my ethernal love. 😍 And I'll marry with her. 💍  Eu encontrei minha metade, minha alma gêmea, meu eterno amor. 😍 E vou casar com ela. 💍 
The age range for this app is capped at “46/55+” which is not and age range at all.   It’s like saying “go away, old people - we don’t want you here “ which is truly obnoxious.  That on top of the predatory scammers makes this the worst dating app of all.
Tinder is a very interesting and fun app.
I’m new
The reason why I use this app is to find people that I prefer and am attracted to. Why do the developers of this app think that its perfectly acceptable to put people with mental illness (gender dysphoria is in FACT a mental illness, look it up) in my feed? I dont want to see a boy who thinks he is a girl in my feed. That is disgusting. I dont hate trans people but is it too much to ask to be able to exclude these people from my feed? Its not about being accepting, its about I am not attracted to boys who think they are girls or boys who altered their physical appearance to appear like women. Let people who are into that garbage opt in for it but for the love of god i dont want to be a part of it.
A guy who made me severely uncomfortable on a date reported me for “bad behavior” because I left early (after letting him know I was leaving) and the irony is that now I’m the one who can’t make a new account because I’m not getting a verification text despite multiple efforts. Absolutely pathetic. There’s zero help to the customer except for the standardized bot reply. Very, very disappointed.
Seems like an oversight. When I want to rearrange my pictures, I have to delete and then re-add them... Why?
It keeps freezing after a great amount of swipes. Annoying please fix! Even when I close the app it still stays frozen !
Won’t send a verification code to phone.
I was banned for no reason. I made my account at night. Had a couple of matches (but started no convos) before bed. Woke up and couldn’t login. Tinder customer service is trash.
efficient way to get laid
It is great to have so many people there, plus simple and intuitive experience! great job! Few feature users are struggling with and it would be even more perfect!
Tinder isn’t too bad of an app but it’s too easy to accidentally super like when I’m trying to swipe left which is frustrating when I only have one super like a day. Another annoying thing is that it crashes so much, stalls and ever since I’ve gotten it my phone has been so slow. The app would be awesome if the crashes were fixed and if the super like issue was fixed. Please fix these issues, thanks!
Works great. Very awesome
Love this app, I’ve definitely had some great nights because of it. Despite this, the app is incredibly buggy.  When this app is running it makes ALL of my other apps crash or become VERY laggy. Every time I want to go to another app I have to manually stop the app from running.   I’m shocked apple hasn’t told them to fix this. It’s that bad. 
I gave it 3 stars because the app has been crashing and freezing itself and also my whole phone. I’ve been having to restart my phone
I keep getting notifications that someone new likes me and I check my tinder gold spot and there’s nothing at all it’s happen 10 times already
Hi. I haven't been on this site for long. I have been trying for a while to download it but it wouldn't work  Now that I'm on it it was worth trying. I love they they have it set up pass to the right if you like the guy. And then if you like him and he likes you are a match. The best dating site ever 
So yeah
App is lagging my phone.
I have been using Tinder for just over a year and I have had a lot of great experiences. I tend to use it for making connections especially while traveling and I have met a lot of cool girls who showed me around different cities, and sometimes more ;)  However, the app lacks very essential functionalities to allow the user to sort matches. For example, why doesn't it allow for sorting them by distance? Or last active? Or even simply making a favorite list?  I have Tinder Plus and I really like the Passport feature so I'm able to make connections in places before even going there. But it gets very confusing when all the matches in queue get mixed up and I have no clue where anybody is located. It takes forever to go through them to figure out who's closest to me and the process can be made efficient by adding a simple sorting feature (at least for Plus members).  I will continue using Tinder to enjoy my travels until I meet a very special person. Meanwhile, I will also continue giving low ratings until the app is improved.  Happy hunting :) 
Hella hoes for a blue eyed demon
my account won't work anymore... it kept on saying "oops something went wrong". i even tried deleting the app and re-downloading it.
The end.
I highly doubted this app, I expected almost nothing. But, now the person I’ve met has me the happiest I’ve ever been in my life. Watch out for fake profiles but trust me there are great people on there.
Works very well.
Been using this app for several years. Haven’t met a woman only girls. I’ve been disappointed by everyone I’ve met. Trying it again and even though the app says I have a lot of matches, I haven’t matched with anyone. I know the app is trying to get money out of people. I can’t be that ugly or that pathetic that I can’t even match with an ugly, old, jobless swamp monster. Women are shallow creatures though and apparently beggars can be choosers.
Keeps crashing my phone. I have to restart the app every time I get a message. It’s inconvenient.
Genius idea that’s easy and fun to use.
I’ve already watched hentai with 3 girls, it’s a great app
Tinder is what it is, the original dating app for 20 and young 30 year olds. I, along with multiple friends have experienced the same issue with the app formonths now, and this isn’t the first time we have reported it directly to Tinder in the app itself or in written a review after the app has been updated to “fix” said issues.  We all keep updating the app + the updating to the latest iOS software, and all have newer iPhones (6S or newer, including one with the iPhone 10). Yet our college’s are continually removed from our Tinder profiles every 24 hours, only for the app pop up and say after a few times using it plus three or four days, ‘hey don’t you know profiles linked to member’s Facebook account will list the member’s college in them, and member’s with their colleges listed in their Tinder profile get more likes.”  Well if this is the case then why does the Tinder’s own app keep deleting our colleges from our profiles despite still being linked to our Facebook profiles and thus never logging us out of Tinder? Trust me, we’ve tried quitting out of the app, logging out of our profiles, deleting the app, and every combination in between but continue to have the same issue, despite multiple updates to the app, to Facebook, to the iOS system, etc. Also, it’s not like any of us went to a second rate university or college. We all went to fully accredited flagship universities for Christ sake; one of us went to Harvard, the other went to the University of South Carolina, and I went to the University of New Hampshire. 
Post good pics and you’ll be fine
For months now my App has caused my phone to freeze when switching to another app from tinder. Or if my screen goes black while I'm using tinder it will freeze. It also randomly crashes, and asks me to log in to Facebook again almost every time I open the app. It used to work better so not sure what the issue is. The Facebook login issue has been there forever, but the constant freezing and crashing is new (maybe since iOS 11) and to be honest it makes me not want to use the app at all. I guess the only plus is I have an excuse to ask for their number or Snapchat a lot sooner. 
i accidentally met a person who lied abluttheir  again and had to roll the window up rq, stay safe homies
Banged a lot of chicks
Love it. Dated some pretty rad folk. Some not so rad. But definitely some pretty rad.
No option for gays n lesbians 👎🏾👎🏾
Thanks to this app I always got laid
I actually like tinder when it comes to the online dating portion. But the problem is that every time I run this app, everything else on my phone stops working. It will completely freeze out my phone. Half of the one I have to restart my phone completely. Not to mention, this app drains my battery! Almost not worth having.
First off, if girls don’t like asian men, then I understand that it’s not the apps fault. It would the racist bias and preference that the people have. But if the app is purposely excluding Kpop loving, anime watching, asian language enthusiast girls from potential asian mates, then that’s a problem. This app’s algorithm is terrible for asian men. Multiple studies from amateur YouTube social experiments to professional university psychology and sociology research studies prove this. To prove it myself, I used my own experience.   I created 3 different profiles in 3 different phones and Facebook profiles. The app discriminates against the Asian men the most by not giving them any potential matches. In other words, it set them up for failure.   For the white man profile, it gave them girls that liked both asian men and white men..... there were also girls that liked exclusively asian men but didn’t match with the white man’s tinder obviously. But at least in their bio the girls stated that they liked asian men. Yet these girls didn’t appear in the asian man’s tinder results.....   And lastly the third profile was a white woman’s picture of my friend, used with permission. In the bio and preference, it stated Asian men only. This tinder profile had zero asian results...... the range and cities were set in NYC and LA with a heavy Asian male population. This is BS especially since Tinder Plus had to be bought to set the specific city. Also the subscription was hard to cancel even after the profile was deleted. So I had to change my card number.   This is just ridiculous. Please don’t waste your time on this discriminatory app! 
Freezes my phone
Yeah
Your app freezes my phone to the point that I have to do a soft reset. GARBAGE  The amount of spam profiles you allow on your app is ridiculous. Tinder literally reduces the number of people who see your profile based off who you match with in the first few days of use. You'll notice real profiles vanish and you get feed spam. 
Every time I toggle between this app and another app. It freezes my phone. If I shutdown the app from the background then it locks my phone. I need an update to fix this bug ASAP.
This is a good app to find friends or possibly more. As a man I’ve noticed most girls are open to it all (fwb) but not all
There's people on here with fake accounts and they will make you waste money or have you buy them something. People will scam you on this app. There is a user from New York named Misha who will scam you. Do not talk to her whatsoever
Add an option to filter out trans people.
ive redownloaded this app about 4 times and each time without fail it glitches one day after downloading it. it just stops entirely and restarts my phone.
Purchased Tinder Gold.   “Subscription linked to an existing Tinder account.”  Sent email to Tinder.   Tinder sends me same instructions that I took, from their site, to get to this email.   Responded to this trash.   No response since. Three days!  I’m getting a refund through Apple, deleting my account, and never using this app again.   Eff Ewe, Tinder. 
I don’t hate tinder, I hate the actual app! It runs like garbage, crashes stock apple apps, as well as pretty much anything else that happens to be running at the same time as this app.   Can you guys really not figure out how to make this app work on the latest iOS? It’s ridiculous how horrible this app runs! You should be embarrassed for releasing it like this.   I’d give this zero stars if that was an option! So many other dating apps, skip this one until it’s fixed. It might brick your phone, it’s scary how badly it makes your phone behave!  UPDATE 1/08/2018 This app still runs absolutely horrible, if I have any other app open while having tinder open, it’ll either crash or completely lag unnaturally. I have the latest update of tinder (Version 8.4.1), on a 7 plus, and it’s still very horrid. I’ve had to change how I use my phone in order to use this app, or else I would lose data in messages, etc.   Tinder will crash stock apps made by Apple. I’m unclear on how the update releases get approved for developers by Apple, but this software is dangerous. I’m scared it’ll brick my phone some day. 
Helps pass the time & allow others to connect, when necessary.
Tinder has changed my life. Certainly not for the better, but definitely changed it. In fact, so certainly not for the better that I think it's actually not that great. Actually, so not for the better, that I'm starting my own rival dating app for the sole purpose of driving tinder out of business. I'm going to call it Tender™ and it's coming to an App Store near you. Stay tuned.
The new update makes me log in all over again every time and goes through showing me what swiping and tapping means. It’s really annoying and I hope they fix it soon.
Kept crashing
I get all kinds of notifications about likes and sh!t, but I log in and matches never load. Their suggestion, log out and then back in, but that doesn’t help. Customer service is a joke. I can’t believe people still use this crap, I mean app
For some reason, the app repeatedly fails to update my school. So I keep having to change. If possible, please fix this bug.
I updated and now I can’t send messages.
I’ve had this app about a month now and my experience has been great. I’ve met the occasional creeps but for the most part, guys are kind, educated, and interesting. It’s easy to use and doesn’t have glitches.
I know yall can't control some things, but 1) I've functionally had to stop using tinder because it is so buggy that I have to force turn off my ENTIRE phone 4/5 times that I open the app 2) straight women and men in my list when I've selected only women and these straight women have selected only men (I've checked with friends who have popped up). 3) notifications don't work! or work very sporadically!
The current App version seems to glitch & completely freeze my phone & other apps when open.
They deleted my account because they said I violated the terms which I don’t see nothing wrong that I did .. I was talking to people like normal people would do.
I am having a lot of problems with glitches in this app, it often freezes and it’s also affecting other apps opening.
I venture to guess that the people that don’t like this app just aren’t having much success. I’ve used this app for years and my success has been on a steady decline. But, my love for the app has only grown! It’s a free way to meet girls! It’s updated regularly and I would claim that this may be the most important app for me! I have made 3 of my best friends on this app and quite a few dates!
Met cool handsome dude that’s funny sometimes
I was banned back in December after having redownloaded the app for about one day. Now, you might be asking “what could you have possibly done in one day to get banned?” Well, to be honest, that’s what I’m asking myself. I did absolutely nothing wrong. I’m a female who had gotten some matches that I was interested in and having perfectly normal conversations (i.e. “how’s your day been?” Etc..) when suddenly the app stopped working, I was logged out, and couldn’t log back in: error 43-something or other. Then I received an email saying I was banned PERMANENTLY. Now obviously I emailed them what happened and only got a generic “you violate Terms of Service/Community Guidelines” to which I would respond with a “tell me exactly what I violated, I didn’t do anything wrong” and would receive the exact same email, again and again until they stopped responding. From what I understand, you’re supposed to be put under review first or receive a “warning” email, but none of this was sent to me. So now I’m banned forever, my account was deleted, and I have no clue how to rejoin. I just wanna give a shoutout to Tinder’s horrible customer service, communication, and banning algorithm. What an awful dating service. Let’s just hope someone that is in charge of tinder sees this and we can figure this out, but as of now it seems I am banned forever for literally NO REASON. This service deserves 0 stars for its unjust review system.
I met my first girlfriend on Tinder, and always enjoyed using the app. But this time around has been brutal. I’ve always been a paying user (tried Tinder Gold) and have only had 4 matches in 3 weeks. I’m a good looking guy, had worse pics in previous years, and had way more matches then than I do now. So either I have aged poorly over the past 3 years, or Tinder just isn’t what it used to be. In either case, I am finally unsubscribing and uninstalling.
This happens consistently to me and to one other person I know, whenever I open anything else and/or go back to tinder everything just freezes. This is the only app to do so.
Tinder was always nice to meet others and build connections, until recently my account was “Suspended due to violating terms” so the common thing was to contact them. they sent the same automated message then stopped responding. I’ve made 2 more after just for the same thing to happen with no explanation. GIRL BYE. never again
I’m an iOS developer. I’m leaving a 1 star review with a heavy conscious. I’ve waited weeks for a fix with customer support. I’ve asked for “t2”, I’ve asked to talk to literally anyone who actually writes code... and no reply. The final straw was... I tried to buy t+ for a 2nd time... and their genius system said no... I can’t PAY YOU again. I was already a subscriber on an old account. All I wanted to do was pay you again on a new one. Hey marketing guys who watch reviews. Yeah you. Go grab an engineer and explain that if someone deletes their Facebook they’re basically screwed and can’t do anything with your service. Instagram is permanently linked to a dead, inaccessible account. Please let them know. And please, fix this.
Pretty decent app, has its occasional updates to cover its problem areas or to make new improvements. Very up to date on its material. I do find running tinder and have snapchat in the background seems to crash or totally freeze up my phone causing me to hard restart to the phone.
Every time
Meet my husband on it!
This last update has simply made my matches vanish for no reason.  I re-installed a few times the app and even logged out to no luck. 
I never got an SMS message from Tinder to make my account and I hear that this is a common issue.
I like it, too bad they took out groups
I’m just writing this so I can stop getting the pop up
It says "new messages are waiting for you" just to make you open the app. Scam.
New algorithm is dope
Great app- really good times w it
What the hell is wrong with this app....? I literally can’t even use because it’s so glitchy and full of bugs/flaws. I’m not exaggerating either.. like I literally can’t send messages, it freezes when I’m swiping and doesn’t “unfreeze” until I close out of the app, it doesn’t let me connect to Instagram through profiles, and my other apps don’t even work when tinder is open.  It’s been this way for 1-2 months. There’s been numerous update’s during this time yet the problem isn’t fixed or even improved. It’s pretty much unusable at this point and I’m ready to delete the app. What’s sad for you guys is I’ve paid for the premium service before, and would again, but I refuse to when the app doesn’t work, causes my other apps not to work, and you guys seem to not care enough to fix it.  Unless you guys enjoy watching an app plunge into irreversible failure, I suggest you fix it, and maybe have the decency to put out a message addressing the issue and that you’re repairing it. 
All thots
👌👌👌
I don’t know if your issue or one on Apples end but if I have any other app opened with tinder I can’t switch apps or it locks my phone up. It’s done it 10+ times now.
I would gladly give Tinder 5 stars but they keep doing these updates that do NOTHING. The app is constantly crashing. There are so many bugs and things that need to be fixed. I can’t have tinder open and go into other apps because they freeze up and glitch out. You need to fix this ASAP. Tinder is going downhill because of the useless updates they’re doing. It used to actually be fun to go on and flip through and no it’s just such a hassle going on tinder because of the glitches. Fix this tinder.
The only bad thing about tinder is how bias it can be. Where if you swipe right on one person you don’t like by accident you will always get people who look like that after even if you don’t match, and they should make it a bit more fair than just a wild goose chase to get matches. Like if you have a low number you can match easier if you have a high number then it’s get harder to match, just like a game
Love the new setup and overlay but it slows down my phone tremendously. It's awful. I have the 7 Plus and am running the latest iOS so it's most definitely the app. Phone works as normal when I force quit the app.
Ever since the last update the app crashes constantly and slows down my other apps. Please fix
Can’t login with Facebook. It sends you through an infinite loop of the login page and never actually logs you in. When you login with a phone number, the app never sends you the SMS code. This is the second phone I’ve had where it does this. I don’t understand how this has been overlooked. Huge bug.
Iphone 7, newest ios and i believe around 100 gig.  When you have Tinder open and go to other apps, the phone freezes. Happens 10/10 times. 
Besides distance and age range there is no other way to filter out profiles. There should at least be an option to filter out profiles which don't have anything written in their bio.
Good
I would really like to use the app more often, but it just freezes and slows down my phone WAYY too much for my liking. I only have this problem with tinder. Seriously maybe it’s something in the code, but someone’s gotta get it fixed, and update, something !
It works well just gotta have a mouth piece
I got on this app cause friend told me about it.  Was in a 2.5 yr relationship   So I tried the app out after I got dumped.   My buddy on the hand was getting so many likes and I’ve been on it for few weeks and I haven’t gotten one single like.  Good pics and read allot of profiles but waste of time
Nice work excelente!!!!
More in-app freebies
I chose to pay for the gold version and then the app pretty much stopped working for me. For instance, I just arrived in Europe from the US (where I live) and it says there’s no one new in my radius. Umm, how is there no one new in a country and city that I’ve never been to? I’ve had this issue for a good 6-8 months and emailed Tinder over and over about it and they’ve literally done nothing to fix it. All they do is say the same thing over and over: log out and back in, delete the app and re-download it, contact Apple for refunds, yadayadayada. They just don’t give a crap about their users - not even their paying ones - and they can’t even get their app to work for me.
Good phuk.🤗
Makes my phone freeze and I have to reset the whole phone. Makes my phone overheat also.
It keeps asking "how would you rate tinder?"  Hopefully now it will stop. 
You put in 20 mile radius and you get people who live sometimes a state away! It will say they are within 20 miles but that’s not the case. Need to work on that. A lot of people don’t want to date someone who lives an hour away...
I’m not receiving messages. What’s up?
Nice app to meet new ppl and start a relationship or just looking for friend...
It’s okay... I’m kinda ugly though haha   That’s nobody else’s fault! Have a great day 
Every click I️ get a message that says failed Can’t even delete my profile It won’t update with my fb account F this 
Needs smart color invert support
It's a great way to meet new people
Need to let us check our like why we have to pay just to see who trying to match with us its very stupid everything else is ok
Always logging me out where sometimes I can’t log in without the app freezing on me
Tried setting up a profile for this app. When it came to sending an activation code it never showed up. Tried multiple times and tried getting new codes to get sent to me, but never received a single one!
Ok
This would be good for “Tinder on the go” if you had an Apple Watch app. Just show the profiles on the screen, you swipe left or right normally, swipe up for super like. But then rotating of the Digital Crown  will bring you to the message screen. Maybe Apple Watch can’t use location services on its own? Idk. Just think it would be cool
I am up to date with the app and so is my phone. My messages are not blocked from receiving texts but I am not getting my verification code!! I tried it on different phones and I have no luck. Please fix this !!!
Cool
REALLY don’t like the “Super Like” replenishment scheme (yes, I deliberately used that word to denote Tinder’s shadiness wrt to this option), under the “Tinder Plus” plan. For those that don’t know, they tell you that you get 5 new Super Likes a day, so you sign up. Turns out, due to their slick/crafty/deceptive use of words, what they REALLY meant to say was, “once you run out of Super Like stars, we’ll give you another 5....24 hours later. But what I am thinking, and I can only assume most other people are too, is that it is calendar-based, and every morning at 12:01am, my Super Like star count will go back to 5 again. NOPE. Gotta wait 24 hours from the depletion of your last star before you can get more. Very shady business tactic in my option, especially since I’m paying for this service (it’s not like they are giving me the stars for free).
Everything else is pretty much lame
I have met few nice people with this app. I can say for sure it is one of the best !!!❤️
Only writing this cuz that popup wont stop going away.
This app is something that’s not for everyone, but NEVER give up. I’ve had 2 past relationships from Tinder, dates that have gone good and bad, and recently found my new S.O. after the past few months of swiping. He’s amazing! As many reviews say, some guys are on for hook-ups, while others are looking for some real & new. Dealing with social anxiety, I have never been able to approach men in person. But this app definitely gives me a sense of relief that I can have normal convos & know who I am talking to before meeting them. Without this app, I would have never met my current BF because he lives 45 minutes away & goes to college 2 hours away. But man, I’m happier than I’ve ever been in a relationship; and it’s thanks to Tinder!
Lately it’s been working out in my favor with great women.  Trust the process 
This app is what you make it. It allows you to meet people for whatever purposes you have. Want to just make friends? Go on dates? Find a spouse? One night stand? Be upfront in your bio and you will find someone who agrees with you. I have met great people I would have never had the chance to meet otherwise. I have also met some liars but I make sure to be safe. Women especially, I highly suggest you add your matches on snapchat and request videos to verify the person you want to meet. Use a google voice number first maybe before sharing your real number. Meet in public for the first few times. Have fun and stay safe.
4 years and your app hasn't found me a husband. Will still use but v bitter. Giving 1 star because 0 stars is not possible.
Would be better if I could not rate the app at all and it wouldn’t pop up.
Ever since I downloaded this app it crashes and so does my phone
Saweeettt
The songs will play on everybody elses profile but when I try listening to the song on my profile it won’t play just show it’s loading
My biggest problem with Tinder:  Often times the first photo of the person is not clear. Tinder should really buckle down and make it a requirement that the first photo be a clear face photo of yourself. That means no sunglasses, group photos, or far away side profiles.  Also, to prevent bots and promoters I think there needs to be some sort of photo verification process.   Half the time I can’t even open the app because my phone will freeze. My phone is updated and so is the app. I find myself restarting the app constantly. 
No other apps will work if Tinder is open. You people need to fix your terrible app.
Doesn’t work about 85% of the time. Why do you put out updates that are so awful that they make the app stop working? Test your freaking updates before you push them. It’s NOT THAT HARD.
The tinder account says Johnson and he has a pic of himself and a kid. He said he is a widow and was left raising his kid. His pics are FAKE and he has a foreign accent. His parents are dead and his wife!!!!! RED FLAG BEWARE!!!!! He said he lives in Jacksonville Florida. Before I thought about reporting him I deleted my account. Please don’t be catfished by this!!!!!!!!
It is an excellent app with all of it's features. It will crash your device. My phone has crashed on multiple occasions. However while the app is working I enjoy it.
It is what it is ladies and gentlemen, tinder is nothing more than a temporary solution for solitude, not a permanent one.
So when it comes to an app like Tinder, you’re expecting honest people (at least you hope). But this has a lot of women who want you on their Snapchat or instagram, etc.. a good honest person trying to find someone in this day and age can be difficult, Tinder can work. Needs more.
It was working fine but just recently people would send me messages on the app and when I went to look nothing would be there
Why does my tinder show 0 matches when I log in? Even when I log out and log back in it doesn’t show any of the matches that I have or the conversations. Please fix it
Ugh.
This app is horrible. It is such a great idea but I Keep getting alerts of notifications I go to the app and there’s no new messages yet online in safari I can see all of them. Please fix this issue!
It’s very nice to use.
A lot of clitches
The app stopped working so I reinstalled it, but when I did I realized I had lost all of matches and chats.
There’s some sort of bug with this version that won’t allow me to read new messages from my matches. I get a notification about the new message, but it’s not displayed when I go to read it.
Most of the people on here are catfish, cam models, or not who they say they are. The message section when you get a match doesn't send messages or you get an error. Had an issue on the messaging section, downloaded the app again, and my matches were gone.
Bad
So far so good! Hopefully the only hookup site I will need.
I've been able to use the feature before. I recently downloaded the app again, and I noticed the feature was missing from the dating app. This is strange because my friend has tinder as well and he's able to select an anthem just fine.
Good
Multiple times my matches have disappeared. Not the kind of typical unmatching that you would think, but it always coincides with the other person sending a message. Like the last time, a guy was setting up a date with me.... Super annoying!
Holy cow, update your app. It’s freezing everyone’s iPhone after the iOS 11 release. Thousands of complaints online. It freezes my phone without fail every single time I switch away from the app. iPhone 7 IOS 11.2.1 tinder 8.4.1. Wiped phone and app several times. Issue persists.
Unless you are white, > 6’ and funny as hell you are better off finding a girl in real life rather than all these dating apps.
I love this app. It’s crazy addicting. But I can’t use it anymore because it keeps freezing! I can’t use it along side other apps because it freezes my entire phone. Horrible quality
I enjoy using tinder, but it crashes REGULARLY. I’m always sure to update it, but it still crashes. On the other hand, when it does work it has helped me meet a lot of really awesome guys.
im trying to log in with mybphone number and it wont send me an sms code to my texts been trying since last night i cant log in
But actually blow jobs from my cell provider. There’s no more socially acceptable way to arrange a hook up on a Sunday morning while you’re still in Saturday nights Netflix n chills bed.
I could not stand how many bots there were. At least the app showed me some people I already know who might be single. It still was not worth it though. I could have used my time better.
I can’t even get in because the SMS verification code never goes through to my phone. I have the latest iOS and solid service, so this is pretty frustrating.
I’m sure the app would be nice if you could actually log into it.  It never sends the SMS verification code no matter what I try. I spent $52 for Tinder Gold and I can’t login.  I contacted customer service and the response I got was either check that my phone number is correct or wait.  I asked for a refund and no further response.  My advice is go to Bumble.  At least they allow you to log into your account and won’t steal your money.
This app is pretty decent while it works. Try not to log in and out as much. Basically have to have it logged in at all times. You won’t be able to log back in once it stops working for you.
I found this girl she alright
I’ve met a few gentlemen. Also scammers. But they are everywhere.  This is a decent, good place to meet someone
Hi I’ve never actually met anyone from this app but it’s fun as heck. Keep up the swiping right!
Ever since the new update my app has constantly been crashing. I’m updated to the latest iOS as well and every time I’ve opened tinder it’s become laggy and freezes my phone completely. My phone becomes unable to be used and must be hard reset. Please push a fix.
Nice App to use
I’ve got logged out of my acount and I can’t log back in. I’ve tried using my Facebook but it wouldn’t budge and I’ve sent the code for the log in to my phone a thousand times but nothing happened
So I signed up with my number and later that day , my phone started messing up so I had to restart it (holding down the power and volume down button) and when I turned it back on , it had logged me out. I can’t figure out how to log back in so I was trying to make a new one. I tried my number and it wouldn’t send the thing and I tried someone else’s and it still wouldn’t. I also tried Facebook. I’m so confused.
Isn’t letting me log in with my number or Facebook it says there is an error
Too many photos, no answers. The app and the network needs hard work.
every time i use tinder, when i exit out my phone freezes and none of my apps open or work. i have to restart my phone every time i use tinder. fix your app.
This app does exactly what it’s designed to do. I’ve never had any issues.
Won’t work on home WiFi. Everything else does. So don’t get why this won’t, but it’s annoying
They charged me $99 for a 1 month subscription I only wanted a $29 Membership when I called the customer service number one of their Indian reps laughed at me and hung in my face, I called back and finally thought I was talking a manager which now I realize was fake told me that I have to send them another $100 dollars just to get my money back then he hung up in my face. I recorded the call and will be sending this in this the FTC and as well as the bbb to seek reparisal. Please don’t fall for the typ they are only out for your money feeding your need to have companionship it’s not right nor is it fair for them to get away with this. 
Great when it's working and people are real. But too many fake profiles on the app.
Honestly it's great way to meet ppl. I've already met a girl that I like and I've only had tinder for a week.
Awesome
I rarely ever get matches anymore and I don’t know why
Causes what ever app open after to crash. Annoying feedback pop up.
top app
Every time I try to login with my number it won’t send the code and it’s getting really annoying cause I’m trying to login and it won’t do it and I’ve tried like 50 times and re set my phone and tried restarting the app
When it comes to chatting follow WhatsApp and allow users to check if what they said has been read. So that you know if people are just messing about.
It’s a good app, I like how good they are with their matches and such
This has to be one of the most unstable apps in the app store. The only way Tinder will work properly is if no other apps are running in the background and if I try to open Tinder while another app is running or open another app while Tinder is running they all crash. I’m a Tinder plus subscriber, so actually spend money on this app. Please fix this issue.   Other than that I love the app. I travel a lot and it’s a great way to meet new people in new places. 
It’s deff a good app to use , I’m not getting many matches and I’m not sure why , but overall it’s a good app
You’re getting a three rating due to the NUMBER OF TIMES YOU ASK FOR A RATING. Seriously, stop annoying me asking for my rating MULTIPLE TIMES. I already rated you, and you’re just making me hate the app. 😒
Tinder is great and all. I swipe right and I swipe left cool whatever. My issue is that when I accidentally swipe left on that super hot guy and I can’t go back and redo it because I don’t wanna pay that ridiculous amount of money to use one feature. Because let’s get real here, that’s really the only thing half of us females want right now. We just wanna be able to go back and actually swipe right on that hot guy.
It's 17+ and it say it won't work for my age group but yet I'll be 18 in 2 months
If you want to find a decent human being, then this is not the app for you. With the experience I’ve had guys are only here just for the hookup and aren’t actually interested in dating you.
Tinder is great but so far it’s only worked 1 time. Every other time it can’t connect to the internet or the pictures don’t load
The app is alright. Simple to learn how to use. Recently though, it notifies me that I've got a match, but when I go to the part of the app to check the match it isnt showing up for me to see or start messaging. Pretty frustrating if this is just a way to force someone into paying the premium membership.
Would be better if my phone didn’t get laggy every time I open it up
Glitches like crazy. Every time i go on it. And only got laid once 😒
When you dont pay your monthly subscription you magically get tons of matches but in order to see those matches you have pay, when you pay your monthly subscription you get near ZERO MATCHES maybe 1-2 but thats all. Then they tell you to pay “boost” to get you up the list haha while you have ur subscription. BIGGEST RIP OFF, THEY JUST WANT UR MONEY THATS IT. YOU WILL LOSE UR MONEY AND CATCH COUPLE OF STD’S ON THIS THING , BECAREFUL!!
I’ve been using Tinder on and off for a few years now and recently I’ve been running into some issues. Sometimes my messages don’t send or there will be a notification as if something happened but when I open the app there’s nothing new. I’ve had other apps completely bug out and crash while I have tinder open but when I close it the other apps go back to normal. Tinder used to be great but now it just feels bloated and slows my phone down. Use at your own caution because I see that other people have varying amounts of success.
I’ve had some luck but when it’s bad it’s bad and it ALWAYS freezes my phone. Every use, without fail.
Since the last update (Jan 03, 2018) the app has crashed and closed or frozen over 20 times. Any time I go to a different app, lock my phone, or do much of anything else besides use the app nonstop, it will freeze, crash, and I will have to restart the app twice each time before it will work again. Fix this please!
What’s with all the fake accounts?
Easy and simple
Got laid twice and met some very nice people . Fr this isn’t a troll post . Don’t make your intro to long girls don’t like drawn out guys . No filter photos that’s just straight gay . Be confident and crack cheesy pickup lines then acknowledge how cheesy they are
Great app!! Works fine for me
My phone was working perfectly fine before I downloaded this. Now every time I open the app and want to change something, it crashes and takes down every other app I have opened with it. It’s either use Tinder or listen to music.
This was the best feature of the app and it was for some reason removed. Bring it back
The app is good, but I hate the fact I can’t delete my messages.
Please make the match notification pop up in the notifications bar again instead of taking over the whole screen. That was multiple people’s favorite update 🤓
It is constantly crashing or unable to load data. They frequently put out “bug fixes” but they usually only make things worse. Long story short, their developers need to be fired, because the coding of the app is garbage
I loved the app until I could no longer like as many profiles as i would like in a day. When did this become a thing?
Tinder isn't that bad. You see plenty of people and make connections. It's just that now you have to log back into Facebook 4 millions times a day to use it. And it crashes your entire phone every time it's opened. It interrupts every iPhone process when it is opened in the background. With how long they have been going this problem should be gone by the first day it occurs. They are absolutely lucky that they're the most popular app of their kind.....
Every time I open the app it freezes my other apps that are open.
The app along with the vibe is soooo dope! It’s sooo worth every dollar!
So, I went to log in today and it asked if I wanted to log in via Facebook.  I'm curious if I was banned.  If so, is it for repeatedly giving you 1 star reviews? The app asks me every three days for a rating.  Is it for my crass yet humorous photo of my "shuttlecock"?  I am pretty sure even family friendly Facebook would allow it.  A good fraction of the women whose profiles I view have much more sexually suggestive photos than the one I posted.  Men likely aren't reporting them because; what man would complain about seeing skin?  Dual standards of acceptance isn't okay for me.  Yes. Some women probably found it offensive. But held to the same standards, most of their profiles would be deleted.  I suspect your app is guilty of sexism towards men. Has been for awhile. You seem to be on the social justice bandwagon without having a complete understanding of the word 'equality'.  Hope to hear back from you. 
Wow!
Love it!
.
Read the title. An iPhone 7+ is more than enough to handle a dating app yet it seems like every five minutes or so the app just decides it's had enough.
8 out of 10 profiles are fake. You will get responses from fake profiles which are the tinder employees trying to keep you interested and not wanting to leave.  Most matches will either say hi then no more responds or just a waste of a few days saying nothing of importance then ghosted. I know these are all fake profiles cause when I use match.com every single match, I have been able to meet and go out with. The two real women I meet on tinder were basically really stupid. 
Pretty cool app to meet new people! Give it a try!!
The popups are annoying
I downloaded this app about two months ago. Didn’t really have any issues on it regarding the people on the website or anything like that. About a week ago, i was unable to log into my account. I reached out and got an email back saying my account was banned and removed. I emailed a few more times, and got the same copied and pasted response back. I never did anything that would cause me to get my account deleted, and the fact that the customer service is so poor is infuriating
Great app, but your team is going to fall behind unless you integrate video capabilities.
It has a clean design. It works smoothly. The only issue is something that Tinder can’t really control is human nature. (e.g. women not filling out their profiles, not being a little more specific for what they are looking for. I am sure men do the same things as well.)
Dope
It be good for the succ
Keeps slowing down and crashing apps when I open it.
Fantastic .
It’s cool I guess
Amazing app, highly recommended
I don’t like how you have to pay to see who likes you it’s not wasting your time and money
Needs "moments" brought back
Since the most recent update, the app continuously crashes, freezes, or just won’t open. Not sure what you fixed but it still needs fixing.
Awesome new way to meet people
I've had pretty good luck with tinder but that all just comes with time.
Cant log in
Can't even edit my profile without it bugging out so bad I can't even exit it. I try to avoid even going on the app because if I'm on it longer than 15 minutes it starts lagging and freezing. Can't tell you how many people that were automatically swiped a random way multiple times because of how slow the app is to responding to my swipe. My sister met her boyfriend of two years on this app, was hoping for the same luck but I won't be even trying to use this app until the freezing is fixed.
This app is fake, it doesnt work even if u pay
Using the app makes my iPhone 7 freeze after a while. There's a memory leak or some issue with the app's code for this to happen.
If you pay $99 per month you can set your location anywhere and meet women around the world before you travel there. By far the most useful feature.
Pretty good. Easy to use.swipe the cards, hope it works.
Pretty good but still slit of scammers
This app is free and for dating is number one. Best quality people are there to meet from both sex
I like it. Getting matched can be pretty spotty so there's that. You're kinda encouraged to get super likes for a chance for that person you like to notice you but other than that. I can vouch for tinder.
Yeah right, f this.
It's an alright app. Definitely better than POF that's for sure
It’s an awesome app i have met some really cool people on here, i just wish they could deactivate or at least hide the inactive accounts.
okay so there’s a good amount of creeps on tinder, free compliments, and awkward dates but it’s so worth it. found the most amazing guy after 5 months of using tinder. 5/5 stars!!!
Ok each new update places more distance between me and any potential matches. Why I click those upgrade buttons? I guess to get more experience deleting apps! Now because of Tinder trying to match me using my Facebook profile ( which only has coworkers on it since mine is a page admin account) I can't see ANY matches in discovery. And good thing because I would never want to date any of the people I work with. Nor anyone even remotely like them.   And is this a Tinder love affair with Facebook anyway? Now every time I start the app I have authorize it in Facebook as if it's the first time. WTFT?  5-4-3-2-1 DELETE! 
So Tinder obviously has its ups and downs and I feel very biased in my review but so be it! I met my best friend/ love of my life on this stupid app! This person has made me the happiest I’ve ever been and is a BOON to all humankind. Thank you so much Tinder for helping me find my soulmate!!
da BBBesst
I love the app. Such a good layout and features!
I’ve been using online dating apps for years, and Tinder has always been one of the better ones. I’ve dated several people off of them and had some very good connections.  -I’ve had the least amount of catfishing, -Most prominent physical matches, -Overall best outcome using this one over all the rest.   It only gets 4 stars due to the push to upgrade and often buggy system... -You’re limited in swipes per day which can go by quickly in one sitting, then you’re out of luck till the next 24 hours... -The system gets buggy a lot, messages can get horribly delayed and the app can just shut down or freeze up more often than most of the rest.  Still considering, it’s my favorite online dating app having lived in 2 vastly different areas during my time using it. 
They ask for money to do anything so kinda a waste, just use to get kik or snap usernames and they people respond
Good so far I guess
It’s alright
I’m a nonbinary person who’s currently only interested in dating trans men, trans and cis women, and other nonbinary people. The fact that I have to choose to list myself as a woman is really frustrating and I know lots of trans men and other nonbinary people do the same and feel similarly. It’d be nice to have some more options that reflect who I am and the identities of others.
Tinder is a quick way to meet new people with shared interests. Nothing fancy. No compatibility nonsense or lengthy questionnaires. Tinder is exactly what it says it is. Promise.
The app is good and well designed but this app still needs work. It freezes my phone and I just updated to a new phone that is less than a year old.
Its cool i guess
This app is about getting to know ppl meanwhile everyone on here either deleted this app or just simply don’t care
Jolly good show ol' chap!
I know everyone says this is just a hook up app, but isn’t every dating app technically that? I use this purely for dating, NOT hooking up & to get to know people in my area & have had good luck. Give it a try. You’ll never know what is out there until you do.
Litty committe
Getting burnt by tinder thots never felt so good, thanks guyz
They've really made the app better over the years
Cool
Does what it's supposed to, at a great value for wonderful bonus features. Get notified when the one girl out of 500 likes you first!
Player haters beware
The adds are a bit annoying in that you swipe right on them they open up automatically
App is alright. Just got to be patient because a lot of dudes just want to hookup rather than being real men. I met a few nice guys that's willing to be in a long term. As of right now tho I'm still single and currently looking. I have a lot to offer like I cater to my one and only special significant other. I cook and clean and pay my own bills. I have my own apartment and car with a cat. I have two well behaved young men both under age 12yrs. I like all races but prefer a tall darkskinned handsome man who wouldn't mind being a king to his queen.
I can barely do anything with it crashing almost every time I open the app.
Need to fix the app issues where it stops other apps from responding
Perfect
Don't be too serious about it. The app is fun but it's not a source for anything serious. The people on it varies between being serious and playing around. I like the app, it brings fun to my social life. Would recommend for those who are in for a lil fun.
Really never had luck with this in the past till recently. I think it'd be cool to include a favorite movies/tv shows section as well as music, outside of connecting your Spotify
The app is good as is and I don’t notice any glitches at the moment, but I have some ideas that I think would make Tinder better.  First of all, I think some sorts of categories should be added so that it’s easier to find what you’re looking for. I notice a lot of couples that are trying to find a girl to hook up with, but that’s not what I’m looking for so I believe you should be able to see a “threesome” option to find people who are interested in what you’re interested in.  Also, there could be other categories like “looking for a relationship” or “looking for hookups” so you can be matched with people who want similar things out of the app. 
Thank you tender for thinking for others , there are pro’s and con’s , also I give credit , where credit is due.!!!
I would give it 0 stars. Keep swiping right Every "profile" and maybe one day someone will do the same and you will happen to be two people doing the same thing because other than that its by far the most useless dating app ive ever seen.  You will never get a date and its all about mocking you. Any match uses it to either trash talk and shut you down or feed their insecurity with a little desire. 
Great app
Great
Can you guys fix this??? Every time I open it the stupid thing crashes! Trash.
I won’t speak to the quality of people I have met on here, but just for what the app is supposed to do, it functions fantastically well as a clean, simple resource to meet new people. As someone who is perpetually busy with work and school, it’s a lifesaver.
Tender is pretty much no use unless you pay.
This app has a very huge bug where I cannot get any matches. I swipe right all the time and no guy, girl, bot, or animal matches with me. I’d give zero stars if I could
Lost all my info and won't let me log in! I never logged out in the first place, I only did the recent update today.
Had to use tinder on the web because the application kept freezing up my phone. Took me 2 weeks to figure it out. Haven’t been using the app and now my phone works perfect!
I sincerely enjoy the app. Hopefully it’ll stop bothering me about writing a review now.
Prior to iOS 11, tinder functioned well for the most part.  After iOS 11, tinder literally crashes and hangs almost every application and sometimes even hard crashes the entire OS.  I’ve seen this on multiple occasions.  Tinder devs really need to look into this.  It’s been going on for far too long now.
This has connected me with new people in a whole new way, I get to choose who I want to meet and it’s amazing
The app is great, I’ve connected with decent people. If you’re looking for something serious, look elsewhere. Tinder is mostly for hookups, and a lot of the time, guys are completely honest about what they want.
👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻
It seems that the app does not always use the correct location
Just writing a review so it’ll stop asking me to review it. App works as intended
Terrible, biased, broken
Tinder is fun to use to meet new people and date people! Honestly i wasn’t getting to many matches in till I posted a shirtless selfie showing off my muscles and I started getting matches left and right. The point is you got to be attractive and muscular to get constant matches only bad thing.
It's cool. Every body fux
Ever since iOS 11 was released this app freezes and crashes my phone any time i leave it open and try to do anything else. open another app? everything freezes. check my notifications? everything freezes. phone locks itself while the app is running? everything freezes. despite multiple updates from Apple and Tinder this problem still persists, and it’s the only app i have this problem with.
This app is so lit I can’t even touch it with my hands! It’s fire yo!!! Forget all the kindling and forget using old newspapers because once you find a spark on Tinder, you’ll be warm and on fire forever!
It would be nice to have what one is looking for on their profile. Saves time and efforts
I have nothing but positive things to say about this app. I really enjoy it and will pass it along to friends
I like tinder for when I’m bored, but on a serious note I don’t care to actually be serious with anyone in here.
Pay to play
Good one
I got this app a while ago and for some reason it stopped letting me log in, then it won't let me create an account, I honestly cannot figure out what is wrong.
Ayeeee
Can’t choose which photos I want to display first
The app is good, but i don’t like swiping on inactive users. I also hate how there is no photo verification feature because of all the fake and catfishing accounts! Catch up tinder! Overall, I’ve tried to talk to people, but it ain’t as good as meeting someone in person.
Achhdhsh
Get dates friends and everything
App and what it does aside, this app crashes my phone every time. It freezes and crashes everything. And have tested the app vs others and it is the app who keeps crashing and freezes on my login screen
It’s more than a dating app you find really nice friends up here also 😚
It’s been crashing since the new update !!!! Freezes and crashes every second !!! Please fix for iPods 5
While there are many options as far as dating apps are concerned, this one is the most user friendly, and the most real with who you’re dealing with. I will complain about the subscription aspect of it, and how dumb it is to pay all 80 bucks of the year subscription in one go, but I guess that’s a small price to pay for not paying attention.
it’s ok
It’s great when the app isn’t buggin out. Had it on my phone a hour and it’s crashing my entire phone. Freezing everything and not loading
The app was working just fine until I tried reopening the app and I was completely logged out. Once I tried to log back in, it will not connect into my Facebook app on my device or any other device; just the same as another account that I’ve seen.
It is fun to connect with new people
Its a good app. It sometimes crashes but there is usually an update quickly after that begins.
When I’m bored, this is the place to be
give me a gf
The latest version is buggy. Crashes and seems to slow Facebook / Instagram down as well. Surprised it got through testing.
Nonstop bugs, makes my phone lag so bad. Makes it unable to use other apps or crashes my phone, a complete restart fixes it until you open tinder again!
I like the app and would get a monthly membership but the premium is too high.
Pretty good app
It was good when it was free. Now you have to pay to see likes. Then it will charge you an insane amount and screws up in app transactions. DON’T USE THIS PRODUCT!
Says I have 10+ people who swiped right yet I swiped right every person for my daily limit and didn’t get a match.. why aren’t your potential matches in your daily limit?
You have to get gold tinder plus just to message people you matched
The app needs me to login to FB every time I open it. Didn’t use to be that way. I’m assuming a bug. Please fix. Super annoying
Nice
Overall just a great app for meeting new people and seeing where things go. I suggest paying the extra money for some of the perks. It’s really worth it for a guy.
The app has too many bugs and spam... crashes all the time, if it doesn’t just completely freeze my phone. Otherwise good app, but then again you can’t use it!
The app doesn’t work if I’m off WiFi. It keeps logging me out and crashing. Plus, it freezes up the rest of my phone.
As someone who purchased Tinder Gold I dont understand why I get at least 1 daily notification that someone new liked me, only to find out that it was a false alarm. This is a daily occurrence. Quite annoying
For some reason Tinder will randomly log me out, then when i go to attempt logging back in, the needs approval from fb window pops up, but it never connects. Everything is good on the fb end. It's extremely frustrating and annoying.
For over a week now my account has been frozen. Theres is absolutely no activity on my profile. This is highly highly unusual. Even when I swipe right on someone who super liked me, we don’t match. I keep seeing the same profiles over and over and over again. The worst part is that I’ve contacted tinder support about this, and they haven’t gotten back to my most recent email. I’ve been using bumble recently instead, and it’s just as well as tinder, but it actually works.
Why does this blasted app log me out every other day and make me go through the entire verification process for my phone number. Pisses me off.
You guys need to update this app. It always freezes the phone or makes my phone crash!
Love the app
I’ve gotten over 4,000 likes on tinder in less than 3 weeks of being there! Great site!!!! But sometimes I’m too lazy to text them back because when I do text a lot of people at once it slows down. That needs to be fixed but otherwise, it’s very great! Boosts cost a little too much considering that most of those matches don’t text you first. I don’t text first. But I would suggest this site to anyone who wants to make friends, or find a relationship!! I’ve met very few genuine people! :)
I’m enjoying Tinder and the app itself is great, but you all have a habitual issue one your platform. People match and then don’t talk or respond. I’ve got around 30 matches and maybe only 5 of those people responded. You should keep track of this and habitual offenders should be kicked from the app.   There’s no point getting on here to just see how many matches you can get and to not respond. 
it good when i'm not getting hit on by married men who r either in open relationships or r hedonists. i meet some really cool people otherwise
Vale la pena conocer gente intercambiar ideas y encontrar coincidencias y crear magia o dejar fluir   Bastante estable en si pocos errores aun que aveces pasan  Si ves a alguien que te interesa no la dejes para agregarla a tus Mach después por que aveces ya no la vuelves a encontrar puede ser destino o puede ser error por dejarlo pasar, suerte encontrando personas para compartir. 
If anyone is single and is looking for that special someone I would recommend this app to anyone. I have met my GF on here and we have been together for over a year already.   There are some downsides to Tinder as well. People use it to just hook up, some are overly picky with unrealistic standards, and of course your occasional advertisement post or bot.   I haven’t used this app for over a year so I don’t know what the new features are but if you’re looking to get into the dating scene don’t be afraid to try Tinder. 
I think it would be a five star application if they even attempted to manage scammers. I think I encounter a fake profile at least once a week. Other than that, and don’t get me wrong this is a huge problem, it’s a great application.
Worst app of all time doesn’t even let me swipe would not recommend it TERRIBLE
I just wished new year greetings to 6 connected members and you banned my profile😡
App crashes my phone every time please update for iPhone 7 !
Every time i use this app, my phone have trouble with multitasking. The newly opening app pause almost a minute. And in korea, there‘s a few gorgeous guys so this service is not helpful. I give up my sight. 
Freezes all the time, and none of my notifications show up. I can’t change it in my phone settings, either. Also the constant ads for “tinder plus” and “tinder gold” are ridiculous. $60 for TINDER?! You are out of your mind.
Let us be able to see who likes us instead of leaving everything to a game of chance.
I have to mark check boxes now before talking to someone?!
The app keeps freezing and shutting my phone off. Takes forever to load. It's only the tinder app so I know it's not my apple 5s being a little b*t$&
Freezes up my iPhone 7+. still a lot of fake profiles. BAD battery drain ! Crashes while using !!
Every other app and function of the phone is HINDERED EVERYTIME i launch the app. Definitly needs fixing cause this is a major problem.
Ever since iOS 11 came out, Tinder causes issues with *other* apps even when just open in the background; apps hang on trying to open, the entire phone runs very slowly, notifications get buggy... The issues can be resolved by closing Tinder via the multitasking interface and clearing your device's RAM, but seeing as iOS 11 has been out for nearly 4 months now, there's really no excuse. Fix this bug!!!
I can no longer log in via Facebook on iPhone 6, iOS 11.2.1 Facebook simply reloads the log in page after I submit my normal log in info. I’ve double checked both email and password multiple times.
Every time i use this app it completely freezes and then crashes my iPhone 6s
I’ve paid for gold and for the past week I’ve been unable to so my new likes or even receive messages in general. I’m not sure if it’s an app issue or what, but if I’m paying fir gold and can’t do anything....... why am I still pay for this app!?!?
It’s great
janky app, good concept. get better.
I have it 5 stars it can be good for sure but it only worked when I was being slutty and I needed a friend not people ignoring me until they need something.
Downloaded for fun, never met up with anybody except the man who turned out to be the love of my life. Tinder is for hookups but I am proof that it can be more than that. We have plans for marriage after I graduate. So thank you tinder and good luck to everyone else with whatever you reasoning for using it.
The app is telling me I have new notifications but when I open the app, I can't see any new messages. Please fix this.
I have an iPhone SE and the app keeps crashing. I even uninstalled plenty of apps to make more space and it still crashes.
Specifically one in particular that removes all of your matches and chats. I had 10 or so chats going, then upon opening the app the next day, nothing. Thankfully with a few people we had already started messaging on other mediums but this is completely unacceptable especially since I lost a bunch of super likes that I had to pay for.
The app was fine until the latest update; it now crashes all the time, especially in the messaging menus. It’s quite frustrating having to type out the same message over and over, because it won’t send when you want it to.
I still haven’t met someone and ever since I ended my gold membership I have not had a single match.
To me, way easier than Pof, seems to be more of a selection of men as well.  On tinder, it’s easy to swipe who I like & n who I don’t like. & if we liked each pics we can message in an instant, the messages come quicker than Pof too. 
HORRIBLE! iPhone 7Plus with 128GB of memory. After using tindr for maybe 30 minutes, iPhone is glitchy and sloooowww. I have to restart the phone for it to function normally. Not worth the head ache.
It’s hard to imagine one of the most profitable apps being so buggy - literally unusable. It heats up the device, drains the battery, and makes all other apps unresponsive - even minutes after force closing the app. It must be doing some wizardry at a system level and demanding all available memory. It’s disappointing to find I had a match days later because the app is bricked. Please fix.
Cancer App.
This app is great, however I have encountered an issue with it that is considerably consistent. After running it, I have issues with functionality on my 7+. It gets jammed up running other processes or applications unless I close it and discontinue the app from running in my background.   Aside of this, the app is great, I have some luck here and there so I really cannot complain in that regard. 
They now give you a limit on how many people you can like
I have problem logging in, the error says about my internet that something’s going wrong about my internet but it hasn’t any problem. Even my own profile picture doesn’t show up or sometime one of the peoples faces that I liked before or the other things shows up and after I swipe it the Tinder logo shows up..  can anyone fix the problem? 
Lately I am unable to rearrange my photos. Smart photos option seems to have disappeared so I can’t turn it off and arrange my photos manually. I have 5 photos uploaded. Anybody else having the same issue?
ever since i updated to ios11+, tinder becomes unusable. lagging within app, when i switch apps, it makes them free or even crash. i have to close everything and force restart my phone to get everything back to normal.   to me it seems like a memory leak after you close the app that causes everything else just to shutter and lock down. 
Perfect
I really like the app now, it’s simple but i think it could afford some upgrades because it’s getting stale. I think it might be kind of fun to include an option to see your batting average or if your right swipes have responded yet. For the sensitive dudes who get turned down a lot they can opt to keep this off. Just an idea
For new matches 🤣🤣. No new matches since 2016. But i love it
Literally every single time I load the app it tells me to login with my Facebook account. Crazy annoying!!
Tinder "lost" my profile.   I had to start over from scratch!  Not a big deal in the grand scheme of things, but the review has more to do with their non-existent customer service.  I sent 6 emails describing the issue(s) I was having...wouldn't let me pay to resubscribe as my account that Tinder had lost was still "active".    All could've been rectified quickly if ANYONE had responded in anyway (besides the perfunctory "we received your complaint") 
What the heck Tinder?! I tried to long on to my account and it restarted completely. Erased all of my matches and conversations. I had to start over. Starting fresh I had a few matches and was starting a conversation with someone and an error popped up and restarted everything AGAIN!!! So frustrated
Constantly crashing. And when it doesn’t crash, it slows my others apps to a crawl and makes THEM crash until i close them all and ONLY use Tinder. I love the app when it works. But it mostly doesn’t, so it’s gonna be a one star for now.
One more thing and the app will be perfect, add personality analysis, i.e. a few questions to answer, to make sure that we have the same interests to talk about. Like based only on appearance made me meet a lot of shallow people that I found myself swiping unmatch to them later.
It slows down my phone just by having it in the background. When I’m using it it freezes constantly and even shuts down other apps. Fix this please !!
Helps me out when I get bored
Dear really-hard-working developers there, it’s been long ages that the app is not optimized for ios11 and keeps hanging the whole phone until it is shut from multitasking. Do something for pit’s sake and spend a bit of the money u get on it
Nothing more annoying then being forced to swipe through thousands of obviously fake profiles just to find one real human that you are not even attracted too.
I've been using Tinder for a while now, and have been using iPhones since the 4S.  Ever since iOS 11 came out, this app consistently causes the entire phone to freeze, even if the app is in the background. I've tried a fresh install of iOS, a fresh install of the app, and nothing. No other apps do this when they are open. Needs fixing now.
Whenever this app is open, even in the background, nothing else on my phone will work. Music stops, texts don’t come in, the home button and lock button are unresponsive. Frequently the app itself freezes. This is no good.
The app keeps crashing, very annoying.
I enjoy the app but my messages with females kept disappearing.
after the new update the app won't load at all. at all. can't see matches. can't see anything. I get notifications that I'm receiving messages or I have a match but I can't see any of them because the app crashes every time I open it. great update guys
I don't know why I don't learn my lesson: never update tinder. You either lose features or the whole app goes to hell. This time the app is so buggy that each swipe or picture browse lags up my phone and makes using the app a time consuming lag-fest
Since update it is a perpetual crashzone ---
The support team is quick to respond to scammers and phony accounts; it takes a lot of effort and maybe sometimes little bit of money or patience, but you’ll be successful using this application.
Yup
The app is fun to use and a great to meet new people. Especially when you’re not so great with first-hand interacting, it’s an awesome source. The only problem I found with having this app was that it constantly crashed and it made my phone 10 times slower. I deleted it for a while and got back on just to find out it’s still making my phone crash. Tinder definitely needs to work on this before I decide to download it again. In the meantime, I choose to just stay single. Lol
I can’t rearrange my photos. There’s nowhere to submit a technical problem. Just FAQ.
Whenever I am using tinder and open any other application on my iPhone, it causes any app I open to freeze and crash. Including tinder. Please fix!
Whenever I use tinder, I cannot use any other app or let my phone go to sleep. Whenever either of the two happen, tinder freezes, or I am unable to use any other app on my phone until I either turn it off or sometimes if it lets me, quit the app
Not bad if they would fix the location issue! Matching me with someone a thousand miles away is useless!
I was highly skeptical about Tinder when my 25-year old nanny suggested I download the app to meet men a few years after my divorce, having only heard of it being the hook-up site. She assured me it wasn’t like that, “especially for [my] age group” (early forties)!  After a brief stint on Tinder in the fall of 2015 (at 41, when I wasn’t really quite ready to be out there) followed by an extended absence, I rejoined in late April of 2016. Within two days, I started chatting with a great guy with whom I had a coffee date two weeks later. That was May 7, 2016. On June 25, 2017, after an amazing year of pure awesome, he proposed to me while on a hike in Colorado - and I happily said YES! Our wedding is July 7, 2018. Thank you Tinder creators for bringing us together because we are the definition of the #tinderwin!
Dilly Dilly Bush did 9/11 
Always have to close the app out because it doesn’t have a back button on profiles
This obviously uses a lot of chatbots to lure people into buying premium services in addition to fake member profiles. Another cheap tactic it uses it to ask for feedback as soon as it matches you to a (obviously fake) chatbot. An app made by the losers for the losers.
Well. After it first downloads the app is okay for like an hour. After that it glitches the hell out of my phone. I can’t change apps without the app crashing. Lock my phone while I wait for a message. If it’s open in the background it makes my other apps go stupid. Many people I know have this problem. It be nice if you’d fix it.
This app is such a joke! I️ don’t understand why it shows untrue things I️.e. mutual friends that are fake! If the app it’s self didn’t promote untruths like this it might have a better reputation. Fake profiles of military men are the funniest, or those overseas construction guys...such a joke!
Ez
Decent opportunity to meet people you otherwise wouldn’t, but the worst features by far are a) allowing people to swipe anywhere in the world and b) allowing people to remove their age and distance. A huge disservice to those of us actually trying to use this thing to date rather than just collect matches to boost their self esteem.
my account got band a couple months ago because i brought up heart disease to a very big girl that is currently killing herself. i said what ever and forgot about it until i checked my email and couple weeks ago i got an email saying my subscriptions renew automatically so i went to check to see if i could login and nope i got the same error. this is unacceptable.
There’s something wrong with the app. Every time I use the app, if I try to switch to a different app, that app won’t function as normal. There are some occasions when Tinder makes the system frozen...
Would be better if we could narrow people down in settings by there purposes for being on the app. There should be options for: hook ups, looking for relationship, make friends, etc to eliminate people that are wasting my time. Too many people to swipe through that aren’t what I’m looking for.
Whenever I sign into tinder with my Facebook account it just takes me back to the start page with the blonde in the chair. I've been trying to get into my account for 30 minutes now. After the time I got angry and deleted it. Unless you fix that I'm not getting the app, and I'm not recommending it to others other. Same thing happens to them.
Bring back tender story
Dudes, the app freezes every time you try to open it back up after minimizing. This is happening on any iPhone 6 up to iPhone 7 running iOS 11.2.1 it also freezes the phone. Please fix this. Thanks
Please fix the glitches! This app glitches like crazy! Makes my phone slow down and it constantly has issues. Please fix!!
Every time I open the app the same person is shown, I swipe left or right and then it looks like it’s looking for people indefinitely.  I close down the app and get the same situation.  Broken cannot use.  Also randomly got matches with “(null)”
Tinder hook me up, I have gold but seems like I have no advertisement of my profile to the ladies. Come onnn I'm paying for this lovely app!!!!
Downloaded tinder with no expectations.. found a man who cured my scoliosis by noticing my ribs were actually just slinkys. Since the operation to install proper ribs, I have had no problems. Tinder: the medical miracle.
-I love the idea of a GIF keyboard, but it should require two taps to send a GIF: one on the selection and one on “Send”. There are a lot of times where I accidentally sent the wrong GIF while searching for one and it threw off the flow of the conversation.   -I should be able to turn off the push notification about having more swipes available. I understand this is probably part of Tinder’s marketing strategy of psychological warfare - omitting control over this particular notification seems deliberate and malicious. However I hope the folks at Tinder have some nice people who can relate - I implore them to think of the mental health of average guys like me. When it’s the only type of Tinder notification you get for a while, seeing that flame icon in the notification tray every twelve hours instills false hope and lowers your self esteem a little bit more. It got so bad I outright denied Tinder access to push notifications, but the alternative is maniacally checking for new matches/messages. Please please add control over this notification!  -I like the list of interests; it shows me what FB pages I liked as a teenager and should really delete. Lol  -Sometimes a greater GIF selection would be useful. In particular, I’d like a Tupac GIF with the caption “R U Still Down?” 
I cannot chat on the iPhone SE because after I check off “be respectful and have fun”, it won’t let me swipe right.
I use tinder not just for “dating”. I’ve met people that are my friends. I trust tinder more than any other app out there. Yes ok someone can create a fake FB profile but still how many ppl would even bother.  Overall great job tinder team. One thing though.. I’ve reported some ppl and I still see them over and over again and I keep reporting them. 
Almost every time I open the app, it has me log in again, sometimes more than once. This also makes it think I need to see all of the “you’re pressing this button for the first time” pop ups again.
I love the app itself but holy cow ! They seriously need to fix the issue on my old iPhone I thought maybe it was my phone but I have a brand new iPhone 7 Plus now and it still freezes and locks up my phone ! I hate that I have to constantly restart my phone to be on here what is the issue ?
Really convenient and nice
I like the app, but ever since I downloaded it my phone has been freezing, I can’t open it up through a notification or from my recent apps. I’ve had to restart my from twice since I got the app yesterday
I’ve honestly ran into some real cool females on Tinder. I like how I’m able to see their Spotify IG account and Facebook info to see more about them than just photos.
I like this app a lot, its been a lot of fun. But this app has been causing a lot of force closing. Almost every time I login it’ll freeze and then go back to my home screen. I have a iPhone 7 Plus and it’s updated to the latest update so I’m not sure what’s going on. Other than that this app is very fun!
I don’t know if anyone else is having the same problem I am having but after using tinder or switching between programs both apps freeze and crash but other than that, chillin👌
I get all the ladies. Love it. #1 app. Nothing better. Holy cow. Girls girls girls.
I dig it
App doesn’t even work. I’ve had to install and delete a few times and even then it won’t even let me inside the app. All I get is the “Connect with Facebook” and “Send an SMS”. Kind of tired seeing an app make you purchase something and it doesn’t even work.
As it said in the title I got Catfished. I downloaded the app off of a recommendation from my best friend. I got on the app and saw this cute girl I swiped right. And later we got matched. We chatted on the app and everything went well. I got her number and 2 weeks after texting we set up a date at PF Changs. I arrived at the restaurant and didn't see her. After 10 mins of waiting I texted her to see where she was at. A couple minutes later she responded saying she was in the men's bathroom and sent a picture of her clothes on the ground. Who was I to refuse this. I walked to the bathroom, opened the door and peered in to see a Big Naked Chinese Man. He said "I've been waiting for you." I bolted out of the restaurant, got in my car and got the f**k out of there. I only used tinder one more time after that.
Keep crashing and freezing
Lots of spammers, hookers and bots are there on Tinder. Too much of swiping and useless. Never find a real woman. Waste of my money.
Met what has got to be the girl of my dreams in real life
The purpose and outcome is decent. But the App itself gives my phone cancer. If I open Tinder, my phone tends to freeze and go full potato mode. 
This app makes my whole phone unresponsive. I can’t open up anything because it will freeze and force close everything. The only work around is to close tinder then I can open up another app. This is a major inconvenient if you’re viewing their Instagram or trying to make an in-app purchase or trying to make a phone or text through iMessage.
My matches disappeared for two days straight. Not to mention before this happened I am constantly having to re-login to tinder. I will tap on the app and it will tell me to authorize Facebook and I have to wait for all of my matches to reappear. This has been going on for a year! And instead of it getting better--It's actually gotten worse! Tinder will log me out constantly and make me have to approve that I am logging in through Facebook. Easily happens 5 times a day or more.
💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽🗣🗣🗣
Tinder is a great place to meet new people. I've met some really beautiful intelligent sweet girls on here I went on a number of dates that made my whole life better because of it. I would recommend it to anyone and have. I just met a girl last night that was the sweetest cutest girl I've ever met. And today matched two more. Now the only problem is who to choose and stay loyal to  Lol I think I found her 
Sometimes the profiles switch when you enlarge them. Wish you could repick your answers, not just your last. Pretty cool nonetheless.
App seems fine. I have been on for tons of weeks without a real match. Tons of bots tho. I really enjoy senseless swiping. I've lost all hope. Yipeee Nihilism!!
Tinder is fine for basic functionality but it’s time for some basic upgrades/features such as - the ability to block someone so you NEVER see them again and they don’t see you - ability to give ‘matches’ nicknames: example I live in 2 cities and travel with work. It would be nice to nickname “mitch” as “Mitch DFW Try new restaurants” and then “Mike NYC wants relationship” 
Great concept, love the design, but could be a little better. Maybe can have a search criteria for ethnicity or race. Maybe have an option to categorize members by likes and dislikes.
For an iPhone user, this app crashes, freezes, or just does not respond even after restarting the app. Also, if used enough, the app will bug the user’s entire phone! Facebook won’t even work!
Having deleted my account, I noticed I was still be charged for it. I wrote to Tinder and kept getting charged. It has now been multiple charges since deleting my account, and Customer Service hasn't even responded to my emails.
i’m so irritated. tinder logged me into one of my friends account (it was my spotify, and some messages. then it was her profile and instagram and some of her messages)and i didn’t know what to do because it didn’t work, so i logged out. now i cannot log back in and its not working. i have no way of knowing if my account is deleted or not either...help me??
PLEASE fix this. I can’t rearrange my tinder photos anymore? Why? For the love of god please fix this.
Good app but why does my iPhone keep freezing with this app? And the app will close. It’s annoying
Tinder is ok as a free app, yeah they hide matches from but at least you’ll get matches, go gold, you won’t get a single match unless you buy boosts, so you pay them $29.99 for gold for zero match’s (unless you spend $3.99 per boost) to get matches or stay free and it’s 40/60% chance you’ll get a match. Save your money and stay on the free side, don’t go gold- $29.99 you’ll be out !
Can’t run this app in the background. Gotta force it closed before you try and open other apps. Something causes you to not be able to have other apps running and go back and forth... which it what I thought was supposed to be a key feature of new iOS versions!
I literally never write reviews... but..... Tinder is by far my favorite dating app. I’ve tried pretty much all of them and I don’t like them at all. You won’t be sorry with Tinder!! 😊
The concept of tinder is awesome and I love using tinder but the issue with it is how often it crashes and logs you out. Not only does the app crash but it slows down your entire phone. I hope they can fix this because if not I’m switching to bumble or something.
Pro: met my current boyfriend on Tinder Con: the super like button is waaaaay to close to the nope button. 
Wont work on my iphone 8
Nasty guys funny pick up lines. Tinder should absolutely start letting people review past matches so you know who’s worth your time or what people are really up to.
Do I really need to explain???? Having a little fake profiles to give the impression there’s tons of people using the app!!!!! Well, I can deal with it!!! But please tinder team, too much is too much.... I know competition is tough but still .... quality will always trump quantity... period!!! 
Only used the app for about a month, and I’ve already met up with a number of people. It’s jus a group full of people tryina have some fun, might as well be a part of the group.
App is pretty much useless if you don’t pay for the profile boosts. I’ll get 10-15 matches daily using them but without them I’ll go an entire week without one match.
I used to use tinder everyday and a month ago I have not gotten a match, I boost still no matches, I’ve tried it with my friends account they didn’t see me, I hope they fix this. Please want Can I do
Kaim
God where do I begin? I’ve heard plenty of buzz about this app in the last few years, and having recently finding myself out of a 3 year relationship I decided to finally cave.  Boy, what a mistake that was...  For starters this app is incredibly unstable. I am fully updated with both the app and my iOS (iPhone 6) and still it constantly crashes on me whenever I switch between applications. Even then it will frequently lag and force me back to my home screen.  Then there is the issue with all the fake accounts. I cannot speak for the male accounts, but there is an alarming amount of fake accounts buzzing around. I realize this is an ongoing issue with all the dating apps/sites but seriously a 10/10 messaging me at 4 AM about my plans for the following night, or insisting I go to a web link; is disheartening to say the least.  All in all, I feel like this app most certainly had its better times, but it seems like that has come and gone already. Again, I’m aware my experience is anecdotal and that geographically experiences may vary, but it really seems to me that the people that still use this app only use it to see who’s into them. And that’s it. I’ve had one conversation with one woman to date, with the rest flaking off or never responding 
Whether you like it or not, this is where most available people go.
Ever since IOS 11 this app works for 2mins then completely freezes up my phone and I have to do a full phone reboot just to get it to respond again. I was patiently waiting for a fix but it hasn’t come. I’m on iPhone 6. Get this fixed the app is completely unusable. Don’t bother downloading if yo don’t have a new gen phone.
Tinder hasn’t been working for me. i try to log in and it always says “something went wrong”
Whenever i use this app it freezes up my phone, please fix the issue and make an update.
this isn’t the review tinder deserves, it’s the one it needs.   fix the bugs and stop planting fake profiles guise, lol. 
Incredibly unstable app, interfering with my entire OS and other apps since I installed yesterday. Please get your act together tinder.
Met my wife on here 😘😘😘😍😍😍😍
Fine girls who know what they want.
Tinder is very easy simple to use social app. It gives you the options to create an account by linking your Facebook profile or by using email. It gives you a proximity of people near you and has a match to search for people in your area. You can either swipe left to like them and if they liked your profile doing the match option then it lets em know you both liked each other and asks if you want to chat. It’s very straight forward easy.
Tinder will not upset my work. It only shows my title, not title and company. I have changed it multiple times to show my title and company, but every time I exit the app and then re-open it, it shows title only. I tried to change it to company only, but it would do the same thing and change back to title only as soon as I exited the app. Please fix this defect.
I downloaded tinder after being cat-fished on jdate. I loved God, and if I’m being honest, I was obsessed with my religion and wanted to find someone with the same love for God. I had been on jdate for about a year with no luck, and was losing faith in Him. Finally, I saw the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. I was talking to this beautiful woman for 6 months online before I was confident enough to ask for her number. We then texted for 3 months, and decided that we were ready to meet in person. However, she was out of the country at the time, so we had to wait another 3 months. Talking to her strengthened my belief in God, and I even quit my job and moved across the country to see her when she returned to the states. We met up on our one year anniversary of our first message to each other (I messaged her saying “hi” and she responded with “I know you’re probably thinking that I’m either a celebrity or a catfish because of how beautiful I am, but I promise I am not. I do not have a lot of luck on here because people assume one of those two things every time.”) I knew she was the one after reading that.  After quitting my job and moving across the country, I arrived at her apartment. However, “Ashley, 26” turned out to actually be “Isaiah, 41:10”. I was almost attacked, but managed to get away because of my advanced fitness due to my 6:55 mile in 9th grade gym class. I called my mother and told her about the situation. She asked for pictures and informed me that all of the pictures of “Ashley” were actually Rashida Jones, and after a quick Wikipedia search, I learned that although she was raised Jewish, she never had her bat mitzvah. I lost all faith in God at that moment. I attempted to convert to many other religions over the next few months, but I just couldn’t believe in a God anymore.  Until I downloaded tinder.  I’ll admit, I did have one bad experience with a girl who was a little creepy, but I do not blame the app for that.  I fell in love, got married, and my wife is pregnant with our first child, who we are naming after this amazing app.  Please download this app.  Go birds. 
It’s cool
I like tinder, I have found success with it. Worth a try at least.
Ive been asked to do so here it goes.
Hello dear; Make some ability free. I think this method like facebook make a lot of visitor and users. 
Met my wife on Tinder. Great place to meet people you wouldn’t otherwise meet.
Love this app helpful
T
I can’t even open safari or Instagram while Tinder is running, it just freezes everything and even sometimes I have to force restart to the phone. I’ve read that it happen only on iPhone 7 and previous ones. Sad because I was actually having fun.
If it weren’t for Tinder, I would have never met my best friend, partner in crime, and co-Animal parent, Bradley. We are a year and a half in and definitely gonna get married one day soon.  Tinder provided a perfectly crafted profile system that allows for your best photos to be first, messaging is easy, no photo upload which means no unsolicited pics, and detaching is a breeze if things don’t go well.   Tinder is what you make it, and you have the opportunity to make some long lasting relationships here. 
Wild wild wild wild
When this app is open my phone automatically slows down or crashes when I switch apps from tinder. It’s bs. And none of the updates have fixed this problem.
A friend told me about this app and how cool it is, I thought I give it a try, after downloading, I login with Facebook but it won't verify my number, it says verification code sent but I got nothing, please help! My number is My phone number: +1 347-773-6959
It’s cool
This app is great, but it would be much better if I could send pictures through chat.
Tinder sends notifications for new matches and new messages, but when checking the app there are no matches and messages. It says no matches found, keep swiping.  To have basic glitches like these and have no technical support phone or email contact is unreasonable in 2017 
Runs smoothly and mimics that word Perfect.
Works fine but switching apps crashes Tinder and slows the rest of the phone. Works perfect other then that
Tinder is the best place to find hot guys near you fast!
They Don’t listen when I explain that I have not even made an account yet.
the people who made this app obviously just want money, trying to charge people for any premium features and removing anything good. trash app. trash people. made me want to move out of my own state.
Nothing like mindlessly swiping random people's faces to really make you feel like you are connecting. The only time I found myself not pushing my finger to it's literal breaking point, was the occasional breaks I would have in which to ponder, somewhat existentially, how my life came to this point. Am I broken? 4/5 because no one swipes me back. 
Same people show up multiple times after I swipe in one direction or the other, but it makes my phone crash half the time so I have to restart my whole device.
App is nice, everything works except I can no longer rearrange the order of my photos
I can’t change the age group of the men I am looking for. I would prefer over 50 but they have men under 50. How can you change the age on the app?
Please update, keeps freezing horribly
Tinder is an interesting concept (if you're attractive) but if you use Tinder for too long it will drastically slow your mobile device. It usually leads to a crash or soft reboot. Really wish I could use the app without destroying my phone.
My $149.99 1 year subscription was terminated 3 months into purchasing it.  The reason Tinder provided was due to a violation of Terms-of-Service (ToS).    I always treated other members with respect and could not figure out what I violated after a secondary review of their ToS.  I attempted to recontact Tinder Support for an explanation and received no response.  I’d have been happy to completely review my account with Tinder support staff to find a solution.  As it stands, I believe Tinder stole $112.00 (prorated amount) from me; buyer beware.
hey can you please make your app stop freezing my phone every time i use it thx
I'm still hoping to meet my life partner on tinder
Tinder is cool. I just wish you could set preferences to what you're attracted to.
I used to use this all the time a couple years ago, but now it's too much. Back when it was basically just swiping it was cool. Now it has too much going on. Still the easiest way to find cute girls though
Filled with scammers and tinder has a sign in problem to get back to your paid account and will keep charging you even if you cancel. DO NOT GET THIS APP
Good app allows you to meet new people however there at a lot of times where you match & message the person & they don’t respond but the app is still cool
The heart in a sling shot thing is stupid and ANNOYING. In 99% of other apps you swipe/pull down to refresh. Instinctively go to try and refresh here and you end up inadvertently sending some heart in a sling shot to the other person. Really?
This app is extremely broken. Fix it.
It's down right cool to meet all women! I'm honored
App hangs and crashes all the time when location services is running, move that thread to the background guys come on!! Don’t let it hold the main thread!!
Too many inactive accounts and I match with people that live no where near me yet I’ve set my settings to my area only what the heck? I find too many fake bots and the bots that send you to a sex website. Horrible app and have yet to meet someone from the app. Okcupid it better even though I hardly get s reply I’ve still got a date from there.
It's good.
As you’d expect, there are a lot of shallow people here; so if you aren’t super attractive then show off something else. I, for one, do well by showing off my sense of humor.
I love it so far.
Nice
I have an iPhone 7Plus. Every time I open the app it freezes my phone and every other app I try to use for about 5 minutes after. Can you fix this please?
Tinder plus is double the price of you are ober 30. I can’t believe Apple allows this nonsense!
App crashes too often and disabled other apps from starting.  This build needs to be looked at UI freezes often and crashes far too often.
While I still like tinder for what it is, I hate this new heart boomerang thing. It’s way too easy to swipe to the bottom of the screen and accidentally catapult a giant heart emoji to some guy. 😒 It’s just a big ‘scare a dude off’ button. Thanks Tinder! 😑
Thing crashes all the time and crashes other apps. It’s unusable. Paying for a broken app.
I always have problems with this app. It freezes my phone, people’s pictures won’t load, and it works the best when WiFi is present.
It keeps kicking me out and making me sign back in to Facebook.
Tap Facebook to sign in and it just brings up the same exact screen. You can't sign into your account.
It doesn't work on iphone 6s and 8
Great app just need to delete all the fake profiles
Reliable. Not clunky like the other similar apps out there.
Tinder freezes and crashes my phone a lot
Good app lol
I don’t know if its just me, but I can’t get a single match
After years on tinder suddenly I got an email saying my account was deleted for violating the TOS. No warning, no explanation... I hadn’t added any new content recently... hadn’t matched with anyone recently either. Contacted tech support and only reply was the same email again. Perma-banned with no explanation or warning or appeal process?? That’s insane. That’s asking for a lawsuit.  In any case it’s probably a sign that I should be done with tinder. It has pretty much jumped the shark by now. Does anyone actually like it anymore?? 
Updated to the new version a couple months ago and now it crashes my iPhone whenever I open the app.
Well tinder has became another hooking up app. Tinder use to be on of those apps where there were real relationships. And people who wanted to find a connections but now it's just a bunch of guys just looking for hookups. I was super decisive on signing up on tinder and I see why. I was proven correct and it's such a shame. An accredited app has gone down the drain. Why can't they just delete users asking for hookups? Personally I say that would delete the negative comments and promote growth and add more users.
The app itself does what it’s supposed to do, but it keeps freezing my phone, and crashes ALL THE TIME. That’s annoying. It’s annoying. Forget it, don’t download it AT ALL.
It's honestly what you make of it... definitely recommended for pass time fun. If you're going to do it I recommend going gold though so you see how you're doing otherwise you're going blind.
I met the woman of my dreams here
I don’t really understand the point of this app when no one talks or responds.  It’s just a picture/modeling review app.
Just downloaded Tinder the other day, and when the app is open it crashes and freezes everything else. Sometimes it randomly closes and my iPhone screen goes black. I will probably be deleting soon unless a fix comes out ASAP.
It's....Tinder.
With an iPhone 7 (just over a year old) this app makes my phone significantly slower and sometimes unresponsive. Apps will crash if tinder is downloaded. As soon as I delete it, my phone goes back to normal. I’m also noticing i can’t make any in app purchases. So I can’t subscribe to plus or gold. I get an error every time I try. Something doesn’t sit right with me on this app. What’s going on?
Great app to meet people
When running in the background during multitasking, this app causes other apps to crash/freeze.
Used to be a great app. Ever since iOS 11 came out its run horribly. I leave the app and whatever app I go into next crashes (especially instagram) or my phone will freeze and I need to reboot. Please fix!!
Awsome and fantastic prog useful some times
Writing this so I stop getting asked to rate this app. Leave me alone tinder.
It's great
Tinder has match me with thousand of people, I’ve been with it since the early stages and it’s progress has me phenomenal
Fun and different but fun. Made some nice friends off of this. A lot of fun.
Tinder is a great place to meet people you typically would've not crossed paths with. The downside is, all of the men I have met on here did not want a relationship, rather a sexual partner. With me looking for love, it's very difficult and I'll have to deactivate the app. Sorry!
Tinder use to be a good app where you can meet people that you can potentially start a relationship with. It has gone nowhere’s but downhill as of late though. The fake profiles are out of hand, the algorithm used to only show matches on a “point” system is ridiculous and lets people miss out on potential matches based on who Tinder thinks you should match with. This app is complete crap now. Advise to Tinder.... go back to the basics when the app was actually worth something.
It won’t let me swipe left or right. Keeps saying, “connect to internet.” When I’m already on WiFi. Please fix. It’s very very irritating. Tinder is a good app, once it works.
Too many company owned accounts (Buts) that are just tickling you.  Every now and then, you’d have a match, you will even start chatting, but... Over 3 months, I had 50 leads (matches), only 12 ended up chatting, 2 of them turned to be real, that we’ve met and had lots of fun. (Conversion rate 2/50/90= 0.0004444 ~ %0.04 daily)  I’ve gone out and in 2 weeks my conversion rate turned to be %18.  There is nothing wrong with you, this app is a business, that’s all! 
Are your developers actually working? Because the design of this app has hardly changed in years but features keep breaking. Now? Unable to Unmatch users, looping the same users over three times, also, generally, just a poor design. Get it togetherrrrrrr
Look I don’t have a lot of luck but you know it works sometimes.
I'm 17 and I can't get in next month I'll be 18 and I don't think the app is smart enough to know when is my birthday anyway as far as I've been reading this app is super bad if they banned people for doing sexual stuff in chats like it's you and the person you are starting to date and if the other is fine why should they interfere im disappointed at this app right now just sad
If your a guy out there and ugly.. its okay.. this works. Trust me🙏🏻 there is hope
I love Tinder. I've scored with every single woman I've met from tinder. It's a beautiful app.
Love it.
Makes my iPhone run slow after opening/leaving open in background; too many catfishing profiles; leaves me ghost notifications that never go away/aren’t there (like a match that never happened).
Good app but every other time I open the app it makes me sign in thru Facebook and it gets annoying. Hopefully it’s a glitch and can be fixed
So far so good.
I can’t get into the app. Everytime I try to log into the app, it just shuts me out, and says something along the lines of ‘This device is not supported’ or whatever. What is going on?
Coming back from living in South Korea for 3 years I decided to give it a try. Being a busy guy in my mid 20s I figured it would be a good way to meet people and break the ice   Most profiles I see are very similar, often many of the people I match with don’t message back or want people to follow their instagram or Snapchat.   I’ve met some people but, I also have better luck just going to different places and meeting people there. What irritates me is when I get a notification saying I have new messages but when I look to check, there isn’t any. Fix that. 
Every time I use the app and leave it running in the background, I’m unable to start any new applications. I thought it was an issue with my OS but it fixes itself after I force close your app. Check for memory leaks in your app.
It causes me phone to freeze
Whenever I try to open any other app while tinder is running both tinder and the other app completely freeze. Incredibly irritating. If this isn’t fixed soon I’m going back to the “other guys.”
it's a well made app, cool cross platform integration and stuff. but i'm just tryna see if the algorithm favors positive reviewers in any way
All of a sudden you have to pay to talk to these women?
Crashes the entire iOS daily. Makes device unusable for at least a minute.
This app is a piece of s**t. Every time I use it, it crashes on me at least once.
It’s not getting me laid but it provides a lot of hope.  Additionally, it’s nice to see other people reaching out to each other and an app like this helps make that happen.
I would usually give Tinder a 4 or a 5, but now they’re doing this new bogus thing where you have to pay to like more people. It used to be unlimited, and you would just pay for more super likes or whatever, but now it’s asking me to pay to basically use the app? If this continues, I’m definitely uninstalling.
Between the constant logouts and the inconsistencies with the server Tinder has become a waste of space on my phone. Can’t delete my account, can’t stay logged in, can’t even use the service but thy have no problem charging for it. Called my bank and reversed the charge and blocked all future ones. Stay far away until the dev team learns how to run servers or design an app.
Good
Ever since updating the IOS, the app freezes all other apps unless closed. Fix please
You will get unlimited hoes if you pretty
I moved to a different country and found a bery Nice Polish girl, She has a Great personality and is a good talker. I’m giving tinder a 4 because after seeing her 5 times I still haven’t gotten laid yet!
Met my girlfriend on here, along with all my other side chicks
So Tinder now crashes my iPhone 7 Plus running iOS 11.2.1.  Just re-downloaded it after a few months off. Y’all might look into this.
Met some girls. Had some sex. Can’t complain.
I don’t know if it’s because of the new update but I can’t move photos to set the order on my profile. And the smart photos option is now gone.
It's a great app, but the goal is to meet as much people as possible
Working a lot this app allows me to connect with women in my area to meet. Really easy to use and great success.
Giving this app 5 stars because I used this app for nothing more than the majority of people on there do, not really looking for something serious. until I met who is now my husband of 5 months on it. It was one of those unexpected things that led to something amazing. Now I can’t imagine not meeting him because he’s my best friend. Many want nothing more than to hookup with you and never talk again, but a few actually want something real and we wouldn’t have met otherwise. ☺️
Bring back tinder social it was the only good part of this app
The scenario is good but EVERYTIME I open this app it works for a min then everything starts freezing and then the app crashes.
Love this app
Poor quality community, mediocre app
See look Tinder is where girls say “no hookups” and then u meet up with them and... well you know the rest 😂
Easy to use and efficient!
Awesome dating app, everything you want!
This app constantly crashes all my other apps and freezes my phone??? I always have to restart my whole phone. I have plenty of storage room so I’m not understanding what the problem is??
Honestly? You have created an app that makes dating and such so expensive that if people want to meet they’ll might as well just go on backpage.   Good riddance. 
App is broken and accounts are fake
I hate apps that hound me to review them. Jeezz
Wow, there’s a hottie. Swipe Right! He said hello!!!! Oh, yet another claiming to be in the military and current deployed to Afghanistan! This happens constantly. Or, can we chat on Kik? Why would I want to chat there rather than here.   Have fun but realize you are probably talking to a bot or a fake. I have been asking what part of the city they are in, but that doesn’t seem to work anymore.  Another match - maybe this one is a real person!  Be careful out there! 
...
Tinder loves to ask you for feedback when you match with someone. Or when you start messaging someone. Or just any random time almost on a daily basis. And you try to be nice and you give them feedback and they keep bothering you with it.   Well, here’s your feedback. It’s hella annoying to keep being asked to rate you. So there, now you have your wish on the official App Store. 
It does it's job well in finding single people, but I can go for weeks without getting a match. I don't know if that's the app or if that's me. Also it rather greedily asks for money to swipe right after so many times, and with the amount of people on it you'll run out of likes a lot. If you want a lot of options, this is for you, otherwise just use OkCupid
Did exactly what it said on the tin
This app is terrible! I mean it’s a good dating app but that’s it. I can’t open this app without it crashing at least once, I can’t have other apps open in the background or my phone glitches, if tinder is open in the background it freezes my apps to where I have to do a hard power off just to get my phone to work. This is just a horribly bugged out app
Thanks
I like playing with guys. Because I'm an a**hole
The app does what tinder is supposed to do, who’s they didn’t conform to the capitalistic ways or America and make it so all the good features are only unlocked when you pay but what else is new.  All in all it’s a good app that gets the job done, if you I want to hook up there are people on here for that and there are people on here for causal flings and people  on here to make friends and people on here to meet the loves of their lives.  There’s someone for everybody and tinder actually helps cut through the BS so I’d have to say that Tinder is good but not great. 
Great, just tired of there not being a tranny section and having to deal with people not being honest or writing a bunch of garbage and the "oh by the way I'm trans____" fix it. Add the categories
Great way to meet new people.
Best app ever (not a robot)
all I want for christmas is a version of this app that doesn’t completely bog down and crash my entire phone while it’s open in the background
It’s ok
We cant go back to the previous person
You would think that after all this time and money that they would learn to make an app that works. It keeps getting worse and fewer people and more bots to make it look like it’s not dying.
Great
I can’t even get on. Text code won’t send. Why is this even a thing?
90-95% or new profiles are nothing but kik bots or bots for other sites.
Still get people who aren’t in my area no matter how many times i change the distance
Literally every time I open it, it asks me to rate the app making it unusable.   0 priority for user needs. 
Use it to boost my ego only but ya its nice
but it makes my entire phone glitch out after using it.
During the sign-up process, Tinder should advise you of what this site is intended to be. Far too many assume that this is a site designed only for finding a spouse.
I just want it to stop telling me to review it so much.
And when it does, Incase I forgot how to use the app I was using a day ago... I get the tutorial. Every. Time.   Tie the tutorial completion to user accounts, not the session. If things change (taps/swipes/etc), clear the tutorial completed Key. It’s simple guys. 
Great app, besides that fact that everyone’s f*cking ugly on here.
After being on here for 2 mins it keeps crashing. After recent update still the same thing. Please fix
Really tho great appage
Ok app. I would use this a lot more if I could filter by ethnicity and distance. I hate having to swipe left to a billion people just to see one black person.
Tinder will make your iphone crash every f***ing time. Since ios11 beta came out and even now. Wrote December 2017.
It's awkward when it matches you with coworkers. But otherwise, the days of meeting potential dates at the bar are over. This is the future!
My friend wanted to log into their tinder profile on my phone so I logged out of my account and they logged into theirs and now it won’t let me have the option of signing out of their Facebook account.
Tinder is cool for the most part. I am just annoyed by this whole idea of needing to pay for everything. More likes, locations, etc. really .
You guys are good. Now quit asking me every day to give you a rating.
I wish I could write that I met some amazing quality person cause that’d be neat haha but I’m mainly on tinder for the entertainment. Tinder is a sea of random quotes, funny pictures, and original ideas all in the hopes of mating. And I swipe and search for these hilarious gemstones in my free time. I can’t say you’ll find the love of your life but you will get a good laugh at least!
I have had to remake my tinder so many times because of weird glitches. For absolutely no reason at all it sometimes tells me there was an error and if The profile it does that on will be the only one I can see. It once logged me out and wouldn't let me log back in. It doesn't let me update my information when I want to. It is the most frustrating app. I've lost any matches I have previously made. The concept of the app is great. However it needs some serious work.
Not bad
This is dope af get It
The app is dead... only bots are active
Bajenla, peinense, sacate la foto y suerte
Not a bad app, met a lot of nice girls that attend my college that I would have been to nervous to approach at the gym or at a party, the only problem is that a lot of the girls I’ve met or taken out on dates are not sure what they want or have something already going on with someone already. I feel like if you’re on a dating app be ready to potentially become committed and don’t already have other people in your life.
This app has been crashing my iPhone almost every time I use it. I would guess about 80% of the time when I open the app, it renders all other apps on my phone useless - they can’t open, and already open apps are frozen. Force quitting apps doesn’t work either. The only remedy is to turn the phone off and back on.  I’m running latest software on an iPhone 7. This shouldn’t be an issue on new software and new devices. 
WHY WONT THIS APP STOP CRASHING
It’s awesome
Tinder takes away a lot of awkwardness from the dating world, but here’s one major frustration: some people I’ve matched with don’t respond to my messages. Some might say it’s me not sending the “right” messages, but that would be like saying I don’t have the “right” profile. “Right” is in the eye of the beholder in the big world of dating. I obviously have a profile good enough to match with people. Some people are thankfully honest about being bad at replying to messages. That lets me know to swipe left on them and never match with them in the first place. I wish everyone’s profile was honest about how much they reply to messages. I think Tinder should show, on someone’s profile, the percent chance that they’ll send a message or a response to a person they’ve matched with. It will punish those who don’t respond to their matches, and reward those who only swipe right on people who they’re actually interested in
Good!
First too many fake accounts.  Second, the new update randomly deletes your account if you do not link it with Facebook.  Waste of time to download!
In order to message someone, you and them both have to be a match! I love this feature because it prevents unwanted individuals from messaging you.   I have been on a few dates, have not found love...but I know it’s coming soon! 🤞🏾 
I thought I enjoyed this app but then I just realized I enjoy the sweet feelings of stranger’s approval, now I jokingly enjoy deep conversations that I think of hypothetically. I bet you’ll enjoy your time on this app if you aren’t purposely looking for a hookup but will probably have more fun if you are. I super like on purpose.
I'm ashamed to be here but also I’ve met great and amazing people.
Keeps freezing on my brother’s profile??? I wish I was kidding but here we are!
!!!
👌👌👌
But the recent update is making the app freeze on my iPhone SE
Tinder does what it says it does: connect you with people at the swipe of a finger. If you don't like someone, swipe left or unmatch them. I've noticed less bots recently, as well. What it lacks is the ability to go undo a swipe, like you can on Bumble. Also, the hearts in chat are far too easy to send accidentally.
Whereas Tinder performs it’s function perfectly the UX is a little clunky compared to other dating apps (Bumble has the upper hand in terms of navigation).   The app seems to be pretty unstable on my iPhone 6s Plus, crashing often and causing other apps to crash or slow down when open in the bg. Could be an isolated event, but unfortunately dampens an otherwise ok experience. 
I’ve noticed this app will randomly give a badge when you haven’t been on in a while to try and bait you back really underhanded but it’s what I’ve come to expect by now
This app was a better concept than the Match.com or eHarmony types. I’ve had my fair share of matches that were good and meeting them in person was never a problem.
Honestly came here to see if I’m not the only person who finds myself attractive haha. I guess I’m not the only one who does ;)
I paid for the monthly subscription and all this app has done is lock up and crash. It has slowed my phone and makes it lock up as well.
Tinder now pays girls to troll in order to keep up with growing success of Bumble. Don't believe me, ask a few of the ladies you connect with. They’ll gladly tell you.. all the fake profiles are 28 miles from me and only in Scottsdale.... bail and use another app they also Hide matches unless you upgrade $$
I've met a few good people on this app and it doesn't ever really give me anyone who is spam, have had some fun from it too lol.
This is useless. Don’t download.
Still don’t understand this app. Even after you purchase a membership you still can’t message anyone...
I think there should be more options for people who choose not to pay for extra features. I mean you’re basically paying to hookup with someone...kinda feels a little “hookery” to me. The app is amazing I just started using it. But you have to pay for wayyyyyy too much!! You’re app is big, and popular enough for you to chill on some of the pricin*options and maybe give back to your customers with a certain amount of free likes per week and so on and so forth. Not that I don’t have the money but I’m not gonna ever pay for a dating site...it honestly just makes me wanna explore my other options. But all in all I love the app.
Good app tons of fun to talk to new people yada yada whatever. Tinder is screwing up my phone (iPhone 6s) and making the whole thing freeze up. Super annoying. I have to do hard resets often and open&close the app multiple times to fix it. Please look into this
I wish there were a way for the app to fix the problem of matches who never respond.
Very interesting
Tinder needs a maybe button so when you're not sure you want to pursue someone you can come back to them. That way you're not swiping left on potentially awesome people. Definitely a great app to use when you want to pass time.
Definitely gets you laid if you play your cards right.
Most of tinder now is “looking for friends to chill with” but it’s hard to find anything else (one night hang outs of you get what I mean).
I liked the app but the only thing I disliked was the fact that I messaged someone I was really really interested in talking to and when I left the app and returned the message got deleted and since I don’t pay for tinder I can’t find that person again . It made me so angry, I was really looking forward to talking to this person, he was a bee keeper and he was on the verge of making a bee pun, I love puns 💔 .
If you have to remove the smart photo feature please make sure people can still reorder photos :(
It works until you tap the "i" to see their details, then the app hangs and freezes iOS, the only way to get out of it without waiting 7 minutes is to force reboot the phone. Horrible.
I love this app it’s my favorite app
i have had this app for 30 minutes, and already this app is crashing my phone, making it restart, and overall slowing my whole phone down. i don’t know why, but it is and it made me delete the app!! please fix
This app is good but the people are trash.. but I met my husband through it and it’s about to be our 1 year anniversary so I guess I ain’t mad. Thanks tinder ?
Hey tinder you literally gave my phone cancer. Whenever I have this app open my phone is essentially useless and no other apps work.
If a ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ review can help me get matches, then here you go.
I went out with a few people from tinder and they were horrible, super sketch, smelled so badly, one guy even had a fiancé (which I found out after a month of dating). But I stuck with it and found the love of my life. My life would be so lonely if I hadn’t downloaded and kept with this app. Thank you tinder.
Met my boyfriend in here 👍🏻
Makes my phone lag after using app have to restart my phone if I use it to make it stop lagging
Pretty cool app
Good place to meet new people, I love this app for just messing around and maybe meeting some one, but so many spam bots are creeping into the site.
I’ve been kicked out of 4 different tinders. They never give a reason why, and I’m not doing anything wrong so I’m not sure
Better than grindr !!!
I have been using many dating apps  And I find tinder to be the best app I have used to date, have meet some real awesome girls through this app  Thank you tinder  Regards 
Could someone please do an update that doesn’t freeze and lock up iOS 11. When open, it freezes the phone if any other apps are also open.
Not a bad app for its function, i’ve had no issues getting matches, but the app causes problems with my phone. Before opening it, i won’t have issues with any other apps, but afterwards i have to deal with crashes and freezing.   Just earlier i had to do a hard restart cause after opening it and letting it run in the background i couldn’t close reddit, put my phone to sleep, or access any other functions other than browsing that one app.   I don’t understand what this app is doing in the background that makes it do things like this, but i certainly don’t appreciate it. 
It's great
It makes all the other apps freeze and the phone is forced to restart!! Please fix this!
Used to get lots of messages and attention here now I get like 1-4 messages a day from the swipes I do and hardly any one swipes right on me. Lame. Only works if you use plus or boost.
Constantly freezes up. Other than that it’s suited tondo what it said it would .
Ain't hit nothing yet
It’s frustrating... it doesn’t work how I wish it would. Why don’t I get unlimited swipes? Being a lesbian in a republican conservative state it’s particularly hard to find eligible bachelorettes and now I have to wait to swipe more... also you should be able to send pictures back and forth and I know y’all don’t want people to be sending nudes and stuff, I get it, it’s super useful when you want to send a pic of your dog but you DON’T wanna add a bunch of randoms on snapchat.
This app is useless without a filter function!   I travel quite much and a filter function (who is close to me) is the only thing that would help to optimize!  80 % of the matches are fake .. 
Tinder was apparently a great app at one point, which would explain its initial reputation and some of its reviews from long time users. But at this point in 2017 I would say its a safe bet Tinder is a shell of its former self.  My experiences have been very similar to other reviews lately. It seems many people use tinder to stir traffic towards their instagram accounts. Many of these tinder profiles are long abandoned, likely because the app is a shell of its former self. It does not work as its perceived by the average user. But may in fact work just fine for those who run it. Basically, its an app that generates revenue. What counts to tinder is the bottom line. Profit. Not whether the app is matching its users up properly.  Ive used the app for about a month now. Ive had several matches appear that went nowhere. Not even a reply back in 75% of the cases. The other 25% percent were just spammers to shady websites bar one person who was likely some kind of tinder moderator.  It seems to me all of the dating apps are very similar. Littered with fake accounts, easily spotted by their lack of photos, description sending you to their kik accounts and the quality of their photographs. Some of which seem professionally done by marketing companies to spam websites and apps in order to give the appearance of high traffic.  All in all I would recommend you not waste your time with tinder. Surely there are legit dating apps that a lot of people use that actually work? Right? Reading the reviews online for any of the dating apps leads to similar stories. Fake phishing accounts, shut down accounts for no reason and little to no genuine activity from other users.   Its all about making money, not about operating as advertised. Theyre in it for themselves, not you or me. 
If you wanna be judged, then be stupid and use Tinder
Motha effin left swipes
This app can get a woman laid in a day or get them into a relationship in a week.   But for guys, this app is almost unusable. Out of say 20 matches i get, 18 will be bots. There are so many bots spamming the system good luck finding anyone.  Tried it again 2 years later, got 6 hookers, 4 bots, and a couple phishing scams. Good to see the same old app 
Love it. Meet some wild girls(;
Easy to use app. Swipe left or right. Updates complicated things. Keep it simple. Overall great app. Super likes are stupid. How do you “super” like someone?! You like them, you like them. Simple as that.
1. Ads ads ads  2. Ghost profiles plenty  3. Pay extra at every turn 4. No matches like 2-3 years  5. No real people on anymore 6. Bots bots bots 7. Fail fail fail 
I thought I lost all hope until I got this app. I met a girl I could literally tell anything to and never regret it. Honestly, she is the most beautiful person in the world and in the short period of time I have spent with her has been the greatest days of my entire existence. She has an aura that surrounds her and once you enter it, time stops. It is truly magical. Thanks for giving me this opportunity at love and who knows, I might have found my soulmate.
I hate the SuperLike feature!!! It’s too easy to accidentally swipe up, and there no option to undo. Hate that. Also, the distance where people are is totally inaccurate.
The app shuts me out after 1 swipe and I have to keep logging out and signing back in only for it to kick me out again. Not pleased
So. Many. Cuddles.
Is it free or not?!? How are you limiting the likes a day? Either let it be completely free or not free at all. Don't try and force me into buying a subscription by limiting my likes a day.
if have voice note or voice call is better
I keep getting kicked out of the app and have to re-login through Facebook   Which means I get the tutorial on swiping every day.
Tinder has some serious bags. It gets stuck on the finding people around you. You can try reinstalling it and it doesn’t work. You can also try maximizing your distance and it still won’t work. What a piece of crap for this app.
I used to have tinder a long time ago and it worked great. Just downloaded it again yesterday and used all my likes. So I waited the 12 hours instead of buying premium. About a half hour after the 12 horse had ended I went back on and started going through the people. I liked about 4 or 5 more girls and then the message came up again saying that I was out of likes and had to wait another 12 hours. I don’t know if this happened to just me but if it’s a bug it needs to be fixed.
I open the app it keeps loading swipes shows nothing. Won’t let me see who liked me, keeps saying there’s a connection error
Tinder scams you. DO NOT PAY MONEY TO USE THIS GREEDY APP! I’ve never paid money for this dumb app. I’ve seen reviews of people who HAVE paid, and they complain, still! I signed out, then tried signing back in, after this stupid update, and can't. It keeps saying I'm authorized, but then won't let me get in. Why? Am I the only one? This is terrible. Then again, tinder never worked. I have never met a girl from here, and I'm attractive and athletic. Either girls in los angeles are too stuck up or too stupid, or this app is a SCAM, where only if you pay, will you bypass the glitches. This app is terrible. The makers of this app should be flogged with a dirty sock filled with locks. Flucking amateurs.
Tinder is neither a hookup app nor a dating app. It is a wasteland of disposable relationships where matching with someone means nothing. It's turned into a game of collecting pretend matches. No one really expects to really meet. It's all about the NUMBER of matches for bragging rights. Tinder feeds you people who have long abandoned their profiles. It's also FULL of fake profiles (60% according to one article). Don't let the lack of negative reviews lull you into actually believing the few good reviews. Tinder only gives you the opportunity to give a review only if you tell them in advance that you'll rate them 4-5 stars. STAY AWAY from such a sneaky organization. DONT TRUST THEM WITH YOUR INFO!!!!!!
Buggy
-Glitchy -Drains Phone Battery -Slows entire phone in general  -Shuts off while sending message so have to sometimes rewrite message multiple times -Paid service took time to actually kick in 
I need gay Tinder please
It’s a solid app. Simple and easy to use
To the point it's unusable. Wouldn't link correctly to FB. Problems with the chat covering up the send button. Matches disappearing and have to log back in for them to reappear. Awesome concept, terrible UX.
it’s pretty fun. i like meeting new people and have met some cool ones.
I think I see the same people a few times over
Awesome !
It’s okay have had fake people but you can tell when they’re fake.
After months of searching for someone at my school and in my circle of friends i didn't find anyone and it's not because I'm not attractive because I know I am (not trying to sound like douche but I am) but anyway I downloaded tender got a bunch of matches and until now I hadn't found anyone special what I'm trying to say is this app works screw all the other ones this one works so choose this one and I hope I'm not jinxing my success by writing this review but I am not the happiest I have been in a long time.  The only problem with this app is a glitchy messaging system and the occasional fake but it is very rare when you find a fake like in my whole time on this app which was like 4 months I only found 3 fakes.
Crashes every time it’s open, locks me out of my account then says there’s a problem when I try to log back in. Doesn’t keep pictures up that I upload for my profile. Keeps other apps from operating when it’s open in the background. Tinder is the worst, most glitchy and bug-ridden app I have ever used.
Pretty Good
It's aight
I’ve had a couple accounts (one Facebook, and one by phone number) and people will report my account because I will not send them provocative pictures of myself. Then I email tinder and they say they are sorry and that’s it. So now what? I guess I’ll just be single forever.
As a free user, 25 year old good looking male, I rarely get matched with because of their subscription service. My likes get buried by the thousands of guys paying for the service. You got better chances going to a bar if you use this service for free. It’s oversaturated by guys who swipe right on everything. I’ve met and talked to more women at the club/movies in a week than I have with the matches I’ve received the past three months. If you do match, half the battle, good luck finding quality. Most of the women feel entitled in a sea of men. If you’re humble like me you enjoy a woman whose down to earth. Not a woman with “swipe left if you don’t have a boat or a beard.” My friends and I use people’s stigmatic profiles as a drinking game. If you’re thinking I’m saying this all because I’m salty about my matches I can reassure you this a general consensus amongst educated men who don’t pay for love.
It's good
So far I’ve match one person who may not be a catfish
It's real, you'll slowly dwindle in matches until you by a boost which only feeds the monster.
Great app. Meeting a lot of awesome new people
It’s been 2 year now that I’ve been using Tender and I have to say, I haven’t met anyone. I get A LOT of catfishes. Strippers advertising their club and no responses. No dates, no hook ups, NOTHING!!!!!! I don’t think anyone is real. It’s all FAKE!!!!
I have never written a review for an app before, but this app unequivocally deserves one. This is literally the worst app I have ever used. I always need to be on wifi to use it, it's always slow, and crashes daily; sometimes even is down for days at a time. Not to mention the guys on this site hardly ever talk, and when I finally want to talk to someone on the app, the bugs and problems prevent me from doing so. They really need to fix this app, because it has so much potential to be a great app.
I’ve never had a big issue with Tinder. I like it. I get to connect with people I probably would never meet or speak too in person.
L
App is completely full of fake accounts. Whenever I have the tinder app open my phone is very vulnerable to freezing or even crashing.
I got an iPhone 7 Plus on the latest ios and this app keeps on freezing my phone when I put it in the background. Really starting to piss me off.
I’ve had a lot of fun creating my profile and meeting new people! Though some of them are creepy and only want nudes...
This app is garbage. It notifies you saying you have tons of matches, and then never loads any of them. I let it sit at the loading screen for over 20 minutes and nothing happens. With the amount of people that use this app you’d think it would actually work.
Hi
Full of fake photos, full of Fake profiles. The mileage is totally misleading. A lot of Fake profiles are created by Kik.
As if the ads within the main section of the app wasn't enough, ads have been added to messages!
Tinder is such a waste, 8 out of 10 accounts that pop up are fake. They have no verification option to verify if the person even is real. The app has potential but you’re better off using Bumble
The premise is great, and the app is simple to use. However, users should be required to write at least something about themselves in the bio section, and there have been *way* too many fake profiles lately. The bots/spammers went away for a while, but now they're back. They people creating the profiles have gotten smarter, since many of them look real, but most of them give a KIK username that doesn't match their Tinder name. Also, beware of any woman who asks you to verify your identity online before meeting. 99% chance it's spam that can steal your credit card information.
Everyone is different and unique and in the world we live in its incredibly difficult to find a partner you’re not only compatible with but who makes you feel complete. Maybe I got lucky but tinder gave me the chance to reach out and increase my chances. Again maybe I got lucky but... I wouldn’t have found her without tinder. So thanks tinder. Seriously.
Every time an app asks for a rating that bypasses my settings that are supposed to disable these nags, I give a one star rating.
Can u please remove that annoying pop-up advising to switch on notification.
Generally the best place to befriend the opposite sex.
My phone was freezing and all my apps were crashing. Realized it started when I downloaded tinder. I deleted the app and restarted my phone. It hasn’t happened since.
too much spam
This app is the only app I need. It’s been always been there for me when I fall.
After the new update, I can’t exit tinder and reopen it without It crashing. Can’t even consider opening a text or any other app while it is running without everything crashing. Needs to be fixed badly
A must have
This app ignores the new review API and asked me to review itself multiple times (even though I bought a subscription for the blasted thing). Shame on this app. One star.
Yup
I never found the one on here, just temporary people. But great looking guys on here!
Cada vez que intento abrir el chat se cierra la aplicación ya eh eliminado la aplicación 3 veces y sigue con lo mismo.
Mostly
Tinder charged me over $20 dollars for having my thumb on the fingerprint scanner. I’ve never been so shocked by a purchase. Moreover, the advertisement said “.80 per siperlike” without notifying of 25X that in superlikes. This was a deceptive contractual agreement. I could easily sue the company for scienter: fraudulent transaction with intent to deceive the user
Tinder is basically unusable because of the constant spam. There really needs to be a capcha or something to block all these bots.  also, tinder gold is a waste of money. it'll tell you that you have new likes, even though your library is empty. 
A lot of the glitches have gone away since the last time I used the app. I love that unmatching is easier and that there's an online application now.
After I updated my iOS to 11.2  Tinder is getting a lot of freeze and glitch . Also, my device is getting frozen because of it . The only app that doing this in all my other application   Can you please take look into it ? 
Look I live in a small area already so I know that there won't be many people in my area but holy hell about 3/4 of the profiles I do see which I can't tell at least it could be a bigger portion, but anyways 3/4 of the profiles I run into are fake spam bots hey message me on kik or Snapchat it's ridiculous outta control
I'd really like it if Tinder didn't put a notification on a match you hadn't viewed. It means when you're using it, your notifications pile up easily into the 20s, and that little red number drives me insane. So I have to go click on every match. It just feels overwhelming to get so many notifications so close together, and I wish they took that into consideration.
I met three guys total. I got pregnant and have a baby with one. Who is a stalker. And now im filing a resraining order against. Yes I can ignore him but hes a scary person. Dating sights you need to not be able to have people sugar coat themselves cuz thats dangerous. Tinder gives  you advice but that doesnt stop bad things from happening. Im not ever using tinder again, even out of curiosity. Ew
SWIPE SWIPE SWIPE SWIPE SWIPE SWIPE
The notification system is broken and displays a notification badge when there is no notification to view.
Every day there are only like 3 people who come up, the other several hundred are bots. This needs to be fixed or I'm unsubscribing from it. Other than that the app is pretty awesome, as long as you live in big cities where ad bots can't get you.
I’ve used tinder for a while now.  At first, it was great.  I could actually meet people. NOW, 95% of the profiles that I see are fake.  I can’t even use it now.  In the fake bios you’ll read the users kik name.  It’s annoying.  I’m not sure how they’ve allowed this to Happen, but it’s obnoxious.
I got raped by an 87 year old man jk XD you just walked the prank
It is what it is ...
My matches don’t appear on my match side where all my matches are like they used to be fix this issue also it always stays loading for matches when I sometimes swipe right on the match section of tinder and when it finally loads it appears blank and it shouldn’t do that since I did have matches from many girls, fix this issue, this did not happen before and I expect improvements if i am updating my app I feel like I shouldn’t have problems, please please please let everyone else have a great app and make the match section excellent by actually not having malfunctions such as this everyone not just myself is expecting on a future update, thanks
As a female, I like Tinder because it’s safer than meeting guys out in the real world. You can chat with them on here, ask them for their last name, and then Google them to make sure they check out. Also, GUYS CAM ONLY MESSAGE YOU IF YOU MATCH!! So you don’t get bombarded by guys like most other sites. Also, your info is safe on here, so if a guy is a creep, you can unmatch him and he can’t trace you. Also, lots of good looking and nice guys on here. Lots of people have this app, so there are a lot of options.
Ever since I downloaded Tinder my messages have screwed up. I don’t get notifications when people text me and their replies are placed right above the original message instead of under. My apps glitch now. My phone freezes up. The only way to fix it is to completely restart it. The app screws up. It took off all of the pictures and only kept the last one. It changed my mile limit to the max and changed my interests to men and women. All without me using the app. My friend downloaded it and now their phone wont turn on, even after being charged.
This is the 4th time today my phone has crashed after opening the app. I didn’t even know that was possible.
Tindr is exactly what it sounds like nothing crazily special
If you enjoy getting banned for no reason then Tinder is for you. I have been using the service for a while until I decided to subscribe, after two weeks I got banned and Tinder got my money. Tinder functions like a slot machine once you play you lose everything. FOR no reason, you get banned, and I assume that it could be due to the following: 1. your profile looks boring 2. You picture is unattractive 3. You gained weight 4. You are too shy 5. Your iPhone is too old for the app 6. You are not using Emoji..etc  For whatever the reason for getting banned , if you like to gamble go ahead and subscribe with Tinder. 
Works well but I’ve found the response rate is much lower than Bumble. Tinder is the original so maybe there’s a lot of people just adding accounts and not taking it seriously
I've used tinder off and on for two years. And it has consistently gotten worse.  Half the accounts are bots. Fake account that should be easy to filter out if Tinder cared at all about their customers.  All of the paid features are overpriced, but really the only way too get many matches if you are a guy.  Without features, you will get some matches, but the likelihood of that decreases at such an exponential rate, that an account becomes useless after two weeks.  At least give your service some effort Tinder. 
Tinder has cut me off twice for absolutely no reason at all. Apparently if one user reports you because they are salty then Tinder will cut you off. Even if you are coming out of your pocket $15 every month they don't care to keep loyal customers. It just charged me $15 yesterday and I can't even log in. F*** this app and the company it blew up but they are a bunch of thieves just like everyone else
My entire phone glitches to the point of being unusable anytime this app is open. Bluetooth disconnects, the device overheats and you can bet your battery will be dead in an hour. You'd think such a popular app would be, you know, usable. Apparently not.
Definitely would have been much better if there was verified profiles, and also if i can verify my own!
I've used tinder and worked as expected. The two men I met turned out to be complete psycho's. One stalked me and the other I did get into a relationship with and I regret that control freak who is now making threats towards me and I am concerned and have went to the cops!!
I wish there was an option in matches to categorize by city area. Like I could group all my matches from certain areas so when I’m back in that city, and I can chat with who may be around.
Yes
Very addictive
I enjoy tinder. i usually find good guys to talk to here and there, but one of the things I find annoying is that there isn't a Race option to chose from. everyone is special and i'm not leaving anyone out, but personally, i would like if tinder adds a race option, NOT LIMITED TO ONLY PREMIUM USERS but for EVERYONE to view what they only want to view racial wise.
I literally only go on here because random people are hilarious, perfect if you need a good laugh
This app has more bugs than ANY other app I’ve ever used. Seriously not even worth it.
Crashes almost every time I use the app if I’m responding to messages. I have to completely exit out of the app every time or it’ll crash when I get a notification and try to respond to a message. Clicking on notifications doesn’t automatically bring me to the messages also.
Greet way to interact with new people.
App keeps crashing constantly!! It won’t let me sign in whatsoever, I keep deleting the app and reinstalling and it still crashes or won’t let me sign in!!?? Please update app
I wish you could somehow make it to where users can verify they are real instead of having all of these fake profiles with a kik handle in their bio or some bio that you see verbatim in other people’s bios
Stop adding reactions and make it stop crashing it’s irritating
Okay
Not to sound dramatic or anything, but like my phone keeps freezing every time I use tinder and the app constantly crashes. If I’m on the phone while on tinder, forget about it, it hangs up the phone call and my phone freezes for minutes at a time. The app is good when it works, it’s set up nicely and I think its fun to go on but I wish it wouldn’t be such a struggle to use sometimes.
Yo it’s good to meet cool people on you get a really good impress on who they are by their photos
After swiping a few times, the entire app freezes and so does my entire OS that I have to soft reset my phone every time I use the app. (iP7+)
Don't tell me to check my matches. I'll use your app when I feel like it. IDGAF how many new matches I have, or if I'm keeping them waiting.
Love
Would love to see Apple Music integration as well as Spotify. Would also like to be able to drag photos to reposition them myself. Otherwise great!
There’s a glitch in the app where it slows my phone down a lot. If the app is open, It slows down my other apps until I close it.  Also if there was an option where we could search for specific Zodiac Signs, it would be useful to all the people who put their zodiac sign in their bio 
Nice to have I suppose for the randomness of luck you may get but more often then not the accounts are fake. Tons of fake accounts and that matters when you only get limited likes although it’s pretty easy to spot a fake account.
This app helped me lose my v card smh other than that it's pretty cool meeting up with people irl
Eh...
12/2017 The last couple weeks tinder has been overrun with Spam/bots fake accounts. All have only one photo and a “kik” username in the description. I’m talking hundreds of these things with maybe 1 or 2 real locals mixed in. Gonna have to ban kik now in the accounts.  Since the 3/30/17 update Tinder doesn't work at all. Just blank spaces with no names, no pictures... nothing. 
A good feature to bring back would be where you could post a photo for 24 hours and your matches could see lt. l think lt would make tinder the perfect dating app then. Sometimes you want to see who’s free what you don’t have time to message a bunch of people. Bring lt back!
Yo
To many fake profiles
Good app but it crashes my iPhone 6. I’ve deleted and reinstalled but all my other apps are affected every single time I open Tinder. Now I’m forced to only use it on my computer.
Pretty good
Just started Tinder, so far so good. Literally the moment I got on I started making matches with people. My only complaint is that the app keeps freezing and then I cant do anything with my phone for at least 2-3 minutes. PLEASE FIX THIS!!
Buenas que cuando. Escriba que tenga la opción de mandar fotos ahí mismo como WhatsApp  dentro del mismo chat de Tinder gracias
Lots of fake accounts and people trying to get you to join third party sites. Def needs better security to screen those types of people.
I live in a small area so I had no high expectations of many profiles, much less matches.  But recently, tons of matches started appearing. And I mean hundreds a day.  All of them women under 21.  And all of them fake.  Just redirects to Kik for contacting them.  No profile besides that. All with jobs like systems analyst and ridiculous careers they would be too young to be doing.  I try to take the time to flag these profiles so as to not allow these profiles to dilute others’ experience, but it has become overwhelming.  I did 100 tonight, which took about 15 minutes.  In the meantime, there were only 3 legit profiles.  I have done this a couple times a day for a couple weeks now.  I feel my user experience is as a manual spam folder.  I have contacted Tinder to alert them that they need to step up their game in removing/preventing these profiles and their response was that I could continue to flag them.  Tinder needs to get out in front of this issue because it’s more of a waste of time now than a functional app.
Have you seen the prices?!??
It's okay. I'd rather not pay 15 dollars to find a cutie though. Sometimes the app is slow as far as matches go. But it's something to do
Over the last week the bots have gotten out of control. Went to bed last night with “no matches in your area” and woke up today and swiped through no less than 100 fake accounts with various “kik me” bios. There were maybe 5 authentic accounts peppered in.
Should be able to adjust age yourself and not need premium for that. As I am just recently turned 18 years old so I will only date up to a certain age.  Also there should be a race preference if possible for the people such as myself that will only consider a certain race of a specific gender.  Also... I wish there was a way to make awareness that not everyone on the app wants just sex as it is seemed to be thought of as a hook up app. 
Amazing meet lots of girls
I've had this app for the last 4 years now and every update makes me a little more sad. Their idea of making a better dating idea is essentially the same as trying to incorporate as many micro transactions as possible. Ever since tinder gold was released I went from having 15-20 matches a week to no more than 5 per week despite the tinder gold icon telling me I have 25+ matches. Just shows how hard they are pushing to get people to buy tinder gold. Not worth my time or money.
Way to many bots and fake profiles. Tinder needs to upgrade their authentication system ASAP. All these fake profiles are really starting to get annoying.
Tapping on the photo of someone you’re interested in and then swiping left either shows their next photo...or it deletes them permanently. There’s no way to know which will happen, but when it’s the latter, Tinder facilitates accidentally deleting the people you’re most interested in. Fail.
Great app but I have noticed crashes from time to time.
I met so many cool people. Great app for those that don’t like the club seen.
I've never had an app be this slow and lock up the way tinder does on my phone. Not sure if it's just me or not, but it's borderline unusable with how slow the app processes.
Great app!!!
Great 👍🏻
Too many bots and crashes a little too much.
You know what it is.
😍😍
🤙🏾🤙🏾🤙🏾
It’d be a lot more useful if I wasn’t so ugly
I remember when tinder first came out, there was no limit to swiping, you didn't have to pay to see when you got liked, and what the hell is with your crappy attempt to get people to open the app with your fake "you got new messages" scheme. When you open the notification THERE ARE NO NEW MESSAGES!!!!  F YOU TINDER. You're all about the money, if you want to monetize your app make it a paid app and not a free one. The only free thing about it is that you can download it for free. To use it you have to pay or you won't get anything. What a load of trash. I hope you guys get aids and die a slow death.
Generally good, but doesn’t get 4 or 5 stars because of the cray amount of blatantly obvious phishing scams for female profiles  that Tinder seems uninterested in resolving.
Title says it all.  I don’t want to hook up with you or your girlfriend/wife. Seeing that sort of stuff honestly just grosses me out.  Other than that the app works just fine. 
I love the app, but I deleted it when I was in a relationship. now that I'm single again several months later, I reinstalled it, but it's not letting me connect to my Facebook and keeps giving me a failure message "Something Went Wrong. You are not able to log in. (A:40303)" I reached out to support a few times, but never heard back. 
Disclosure: I am running this on an iPhone 7 Plus.  This is the only app I have any issues running. It freezes every time I switch between this app and another. EVERY TIME. So I have to force close of this app and any others I was using.  Now apart from the technical issues with the app, the amount of bots on here is cancerous. They just keep spreading. There should be IP bans for spam accounts. Also, there should be an automatic flag sent that the account is suspicious if the bio contains phrases such as “faster reply on my Kik”. Please implement an effective means of filtering out bots. I see the exact same picture used for over 40 accounts. It’s reach the point that the real person-to-bot ratio is approximately 2:15. 
I’m just writing this so it will stop asking me to. The apps aight.
In the last few days this app (which has its fair share of bots and scams to start with) has been completely and totally overrun by fake profiles and bots. Right at the moment don’t waste your time with Tinder, I would say somewhere around 90 percent of all profiles are fake.
There are way to many spam profiles. It’s at a point when every single swipe is clearly a fake profile asking to message them on kik..I know for a fact not this many people use kik
Is anyone else seeing their phone freeze up when tinder is installed? This app seems to make my iPhone 7 unusable!
Anytime I leave tinder open in the background and try to open another app it’ll cause my phone to freeze and crash unless I hurry and close one of them
This app is dope, stay consistent and you will get matched
Tinder has made no attempt at removing or curbing the bots and catfish from its service. Bots populate the app at unknown ratios, and make the service unbearable to use. I found better services without this problem and only use Tinder out of habit at this point. If tinder wants to retain its customers it needs to fix this issue. Other wise why are you even charging for unlimited likes?  EDIT: as of updating this review I am having a hard time finding an account that isn’t a bot pushing a KIK account. Tinder needs to fix this issue. Removing from my device. Absolutely awful. 
Just reported 30 kik bots in a row. It's getting out of control.
There is no vetting on this app to crack down on the fake profiles and spammers. I would say less than 10% of the the profiles are real girls. The company could careless about getting rid of the fake profiles. Reporting fake profiles is a waste of your data plan.
Good
Would like to upload pictures to the chats I have with people instead of using tinders gifs and my stupid words. I have memes so I don't have to be funny toward people. Maybe in update you can, idk. If not hope they do in the future  Update: was a three star review, now a two star. I find myself encountering HUNDREDS literally HUNDREDS of spam accounts. And if I didn't know any better I would assume that there was some tinder conspiracy to create fake accounts so that they can have on record people swiping right or something like that.   This is very obvious and fixable problem and it's time consuming and frustrating to swipe knowing most of the people don't exist. 
MAYBE CUZ I'M UGLY I DON'T GET ANY MATCHES EVER BUT I JUST LIKE TO LOOK LOL KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Tinder has been pretty good I’ve been able to find attractive women my age and in my area but in the last couple weeks the app has been filled with bots like looooaaaaads of bots
The best way for find a new relationship
every time i leave the app, my phone lags so much. i have manual cancel the app out and wait a few seconds for everything to return back to normal. i’m not sure why it does this, but it’s quite a nuisance.
I have an iPhone 7 and this app makes my phone crash and unresponsive. I want to use the app because I’ve had success with it but it’s nearly impossible to use my phone with the app installed. I’m a technician so I know how this works, and it’s a bug in the app. I’ve restored my phone, done all the troubleshooting. The only thing that works is deleting the app. Can we get a fix for this?
I really like this app because I’ve met really cool people whether they’re looking for a girlfriend/boyfriend or just friendship! I have an iPhone 7 & every time I open the app, it’s fine, after a few minutes:  1. My phone freezes 2, the screen goes black & doesn’t turn on till after a few minutes 3. app unexpectedly closes 4. all my other apps start acting up.   My phone has been perfectly fine, since it’s pretty new, but since I’ve downloaded tinder, it acts completely stupid, please fix it!!!! 
Tinder used to be really one of my favorite apps to meet new people, but ever since I've recently redownloaded it, it is so slow that I can hardly swipe left or right without it lagging. It also crashes randomly and is so slow that I only have the patience to swipe a couple of times. This needs to get fixed, because it is preventing me from being able to even use the app.
Because of Tinder I just like to have more friends , not only the how I know before
A lot of fun. Not a “hook up” app. Made any friends and had a lot of great and funny conversations
Love it! Met the love of my life on here and we’ve been married for 1.5 years now still occasionally get on for giggles nothing serious me and my husband both owe our relationship to tinder
Solid app but MUST BRING BACK TIDER GROUP!!
tinder helped me find my second wife!!!!
I'm only writing this review so tinder will STOP ASKING FOR ME TO WRITE A REVIEW.
Genial!!!!
An app this long on the market should have all the bugs worked out.   Not the case.   It appears to have promise however, after <12 hours of using it, its crashed nearly a dozen times. 
I've used tinder off and on for a couple years now. I bought a month of tinder plus because I was getting ready to move to a different city and I wanted to get a head start on some swiping. During this month I probably got somewhere around 30-40 matches or so. I wouldn't consider myself a 10, but I don't think I'm an ugly SOB either. Now that I am actually living in my new city, I hardly get any matches at all. I'd be lucky to get 2-3 in a week. I've tried numerous boosts, another month of tinder plus, and I update my pictures and profile often, and still not much success. I feel as if I'm not even getting seen by a lot of the girls I'm swiping on as I have had success in the past.
The app itself is great.  Just some of the humans are lacking :/
I love using this app, as it makes meeting new people a lot easier than walking up to strangers in a bar or resteraunt. It takes a lot of the hassle out of things, since you can simply talk with people you match with and have interests and desire to talk to, as opposed to hit or miss live encounters.  That said, I have noticed a problem with the app that’s been quite bothersome. Lately it seems anytime the app closes and reopens the app will freeze on the last display it had opened (sometimes it reverts to a display from some time ago though) and then crashes. The problem will be fixed upon closing out of the app completely and reopening it.  My biggest concern however, and reason for this review, is that now it’s also doing this when I go to connect my Spotify account. I’ll click the button, the app will open Spotify, authorize on Spotify, then get stuck with a white box with an x in the top right for several moments, before crashing. Reopening the app allows me to try again, however each attempt yields the same result. I was able to successfully link my instagram, however I would like to share my musical interests as well, as they are quite numerous.  I will update with any further changes. 
It's alright. If I write a review, will you stop asking me to write a review?
I’m seeing more and more fake profiles on here.  Tinder has to do something about this before it becomes totally out of hand.
If you're on this app and you aren't in a highly populated city, you get dozens of phishing bots with "respond faster on KIK" or some sort of bologna BS in their bios. This is clearly an attempt to get horny, desperate men to go out of their way to find these fake profiles on other social platforms and I don't know if it's something Tinder is doing to increase the amount of swipes, but it has been a problem for numerous iterations of the app. Even when reporting these accounts instead of swiping, it seems like it doesn't even make a dent in these fraudulent accounts. This app is literally just a time sink and I've only met 1 real person that I've had IRL interactions with due to the app. The app is definitely not worth the time in its current state, especially not if the creators continue to allow the false hope of bots to aggregate on the app.
Great app, not too many bots.
Otherwise, swiping is fun!
hiiiiiiii😊
When it works it’s nice but it keeps restarting on me. It does this frequently and will ask me to log in again 🙄
Honestly, don’t waste your time. Tinder basically offers no features, filters or anything else to actually help you connect with someone of like mind. All you'll get is drawn into a large pool of bots and typical people, many of which don't seem to have much to offer. Yeah, you’ve heard if it, but don’t take the pill... seriously, this is a junk dating app across the board. Go will *OkCupid instead. You can message your heart out for free, and the algorithms and profiles are helpful legit. The people are also genuinely interested in dating, finding friends and more. The difference will be striking.   I see nothing in this worthy of recommendation. I’ve purchased Tinder Gold, but I’ve also purchased premium accounts on others. What Tinder offers is nothing but a messenger — it’s not even comparable to what other apps offer.   Hope this helps! Happing hunting :) 
ALWAYS Freezing my iPhone 7 Plus!! If you do not force close the app when your done, all your other apps will lag or freeze. This bug has been happening for months and still has not been addressed.
I like the features of the app. It rarely shuts down. Wish it allowed me to send pictures and my own gifs. But still solid
Just tired of being asked
Overall pretty good match app for iPhone 7.
Best app lets u get reject by lots of hot girls without you knowing about it...
It's cool
Is good, but has hella “bots” (spam accounts). It’s seriously a pretty big problem. It detracts from the experience, and causes me to consider deleting the app at least three times a week.
Having this app on my phone makes all my other apps malfunction and crash. I have to restart my phone 3-5 times a day or sometimes it just shuts off in its own. I’ve been downloading and deleting for the past few weeks to test the theory, after someone told me this is normal for tinder. Definitely an issue. Please solve this bug. The app is unusable.
The app is not working. It won’t load, it won’t show pictures. It’s just overall not working. And it really irritating.
This app is crashing my entire IPhone! It makes my phone freeze entirely and I have to keep turning it off! I had this app 2 years ago and never had any problems until now! 😤
It works great when using the app alone, but if snapchat, instagram or Twitter are being used at well, it crashes.
I’ve been using tinder for almost three months and I haven’t got not one single match and to be honestly for the last year I’ve been redownloading  on an off hoping I will get a fresh start but nope not one single match. I don’t know if this app algorithm has purposely set me up to fail.
Tinder used to be great, but then the spam bots arrived. Periodically, Tinder would find a way to purge them, but then they’d gradually creep back. I was off Tinder for a while but then became single again and came back to find it’s now absolutely overrun with spam bots. They are far and away the majority of the profiles now. Bumble has nearly no spam, so I’m not sure why Tinder can’t stop this. I’d much rather use Tinder than Bumble, but there’s no point in using an app that’s infested with spam bots.
The app is cluttered with bots. It’s almost pointless to use
Woke
You guys should be ashamed of yourselves to be pandering for extra money to upgrade when you can’t control the spammer population on your site. Here’s a hint, when their whole profile just says “find me on Kik“ and their user name, they are probably fake. Do you not have moderators anymore?
I have to force close tinder every time after I leave out the app or else it will freeze my entire phone and I have to hard reset every time I have the iPhone 7 with the latest update... PLEASE fix this issue! 
You will never get match unless you buy the app or you pay them money. Lots of fakes profiles. VERY BAD APP...
99% of profiles are fake/spam and Tinder won't delete them.
Ohh say can you see  By the dawns early light 
It's aight
Good to meet new people in the area
But it's probably just an elaborate excuse for why I'm bad at women
I feel like I should be receiving a paycheck from tinder for the amount of accounts I have to report on a daily basis. I would venture to say about 60-70% of all accounts are fake.
Stop asking me to review
There should not be a time limit on your swipes that is why I gave it a 3 instead of a 5 but I understand you guys make your money off of that so
I can’t even communicate with people. For months I have been on this app, but it just tells me to wait for matches. The odds of my having absolutely zero matches is way too small. If it’s because I don’t have Tinder Gold, I have multiple friends that don’t but they can message and talk to any people they swipe right on.
I’ve actually only met one person from this app so far and it was a person who I thought was the person of my dreams.. due to certain factors, it couldn’t work out of course. But here’s what I think so far... there are DEFINITELY a lot of spam/false sex accounts (at least when seeking women) but I am able to spot them out and avoid them thankfully. Being a decent guy with good intentions on this app has its down sides.. especially when a lot of women don’t take this app seriously. I mean after all it is just an app.. but it sure is having a good run though.. I do hope to find someone eventually long term through this app, and I will keep using it for a few more months.
Tinder expedites the natural courting process. It allows you to find initial attraction before checking for more substantial attraction.  Tinder makes dating much more convenient for a busy person.
I used to love tinder, now it’s just a tad irritating because it logs me out almost every time I go to reply to a message.
App is all around great but needs to allow for Instagram posts with multiple pictures to be shown on your tinder profile. Can’t be hard to implement.
Less time on recharging the likes...12 hours is too long
Got me laid
There's no excuse for such a crappy app with the amount of money this company makes.
I give it one star because for months tinder has been releasing updates and still to this day the app is constantly crashing my phone. I have an iPhone 7+ so it’s not old at all. And as of lately I have found Tinder riddled with fake accounts, I’ve had to hit that report button more times than I’ve swiped right in all my time using this (about a year)
Has not produced my ₿ Mama yet. When that happens, I will give a 5...
But the app is aight
I’m ugly but i still get girls, it beats getting out and socializing
It’s a good app. A few glitches here and there, and it would’ve been better if they could filter “read” and “unread” texts in the messager, that would be great.
Inundated with bots and spam profiles, as has been the problem for years. Seems the devs cannot or will not do anything to solve the problem.
It’s been a great way to meet new people outside the usual social circles
awsome waste of time anyway we not gonna live forever 
Idk who all these people writing bs 5 star reviews are but from my experience and others I have talked to in person, this isn't a 5 star app. Maybe for women it is, but on the guy side don't even bother. You waste 95% of your likes on spam bots who will wait an hour or two then message you, asking you to go to some site to pay for webcam sex. It's RIDICULOUS! Tinder get your stuff together or I'll have to delete this. I don't even remember the last time I matched with an actual person. All these fake robots are annoying. I don't even know why I bother anymore. Have essentially stopped using the app altogether. Also I see Tinder has gone the sexist route of assuming all men are jerks. Glad to know...
Great dating app. I would love to see a little more info on someone, though. No body type info and many profiles have no description.
Thank you tinder team this app is amazing it makes dating easy and convenient
Pretty lit
I met so many ppl thru this app Love it !! 
Ever since the release of iOS 11, this app causes my phone to either freeze or crash when I try to switch apps. A little annoying.
I matched with a girl named Ashley and boy I didn’t expect what I was in for. We matched over a year ago, we added each other’s social media accounts (Facebook) and had each others numbers. We didn’t talk for about 7-8 months after we exchanged all that and one day, on Facebook, I saw that she wanted a soda. I offered to bring her a whole case and it clicked from there! We have then found out that we are a lot alike, from liking video games to being goofy and even wanting to start a collection together that has now reached 100 Nazi scalps! We have found our own soulmates in each other and have since been married, and are expecting a boy named Donny Donowitz. He’ll be the best baseball star out there, and will make us so proud!!
I updated my tinder and I can’t use it since then please fixed the bug
50% of the accounts in my area are spam asking for money
You ask for reviews if I haven’t been on in a while, and right after I get a match which disrupts my flow. It’s crap that you want reviews only when the app is working for someone not just at random times or initially while you log in. There are still fake profiles everywhere. Your app is set up to make people pay, and there are still ads which is stupid. If you give a good rating on the app it takes you to write a review, if you leave a bad one it just says thanks, until the next random time I log in and you ask yet again.
There’s so many fake accounts saying “add me on kick” and they all lead to the same lol account. I’d say 95% of the accounts i see are fake. Why is this so hard to fix?
Please do something about all the fake profiles. I never write reviews for anything but I came here specifically to say that I just swiped through at least 20 profiles and almost all of them had one picture and their bios all said “message me on kik for a faster reply” with their kik messenger name.   If you mistakenly swipe right and match with them, they’ll message you saying something like “wat you doin, i’m never on here, txt me” and send you some phone number that if you text it will probably use your number to scam people.  So, yeah, this app is great when there are real people on it, but for the love of god please do something about all the fake profiles. 
WELL over half of the female accounts are fake, not real, scams, phishing, total bs. Also, unless you’re the most attractive guy ever, you’re simply not going to get swipes right from anyone other than women you won’t be interested in (big fat ones), and there’s even recent scientific studies that back that up. Don’t get me wrong, you can get lucky. But it’s largely a waste of time and anyone you meet in real life will likely be below your expectations.
I love the app and everything but it crashes my phone every time i use it. Please fix this because it’s definitely a huge problem.
27785615626 Lost my gf in a car crash yrs nw but I feel dis app will help me find love again
great app
fast way to find.. friends
The app is okay for meeting new people but I think there are better ones out there. There's a lot of ads now and it's too limiting on the amount of likes you get.
Tinder crashes my phone every time I open it. I cannot even open another application while Tinder is open in the background.  I wish I could filter my options more precisely. 
My biggest complaint about the app is the location services. The app will only tell me a person is “X miles away,” but I don’t know where that is. I travel often for work so while I’m swiping in Florida a person’s profile will say “8 miles away” when in reality they’re in Denver, or in some location I left days ago.
I have an iPhone 7 Plus with 40+ GB of free storage. This app is insanely buggy and constantly crashes all the time forcing me to have to restart my entire phone, now that you're actually making money off ads and premium users it's time to higher app developers who aren’t lazy as hell
They’ve pretty much made this app no fun and restrict the amount of people you can swipe before you have to pay, depending on what city you’re in it’ll run out of swipes slower or faster, it’ll run out faster in smaller cities. They reallllly want you to pay their IMO ridiculously high membership fees.
It's Tinder, don't take it too seriously and it can be fun. Be smart, don't meet is weird unknown places but make fun of the situation and enjoy it.  Also great to use to meet new people if you move to a new place. 
There are many good and bad things about this app  Good: I have found many local friends and a few dates from it.   Good: when I travel I meet lots of people from the area I’m staying in that teach me about the area and give me fun things to do.   Bad: I’m a pretty decent looking female, I have a very well put together profile with high quality pictures. Due to this many people don’t message or match me because they think I’m fake or “to good to be true”. I’ve heard stories of guys matching with accounts like mine and get catfished Or sent weird links. So its unfortunate that they are used to the more attractive females being fake accounts, because mine indeed is not fake. If I do match with a attractive guy 75% of the time they begin the convo accusing me of being fake or being a catfish because my pictures are “to good”.   Bad: it is to easy to report someone’s account. When you unmatch someone it gives you options as to why you unmatched them, people hardly pick “no reason” because it’s just not as fun as the other options that might get them in trouble. Here’s the problem; guys will message me some extremely sexual demeaning message and I will politely decline them, they get “mad” at rejection and report my account.  Due to these, my accounts have been banned about 4-5 times. Each time I have to remake an account by making a new Facebook and a different email. Recently it’s been banned again and I’m all out of ways to create a new account. I’m an active tinder user and it’s kind of ridiculous that my account gets banned because my pictures are “to good to be true” and I don’t give filthy pigs what the sexual desires they want from me. Tinder really should not be so quick to ban people, especially without giving a reason why. 
I’ve tried ChristianMingle and Match and I prefer Tinder over the two. Even as someone who isn’t looking to hookup, I’ve found that there’s many wonderful men honestly just looking for a way to meet girls. I like the variety of people in my “stack” and am constantly entertained, if nothing else.
My Tinder app and Okcupid app don't play well together, and they also seem to shut down Spotify. I'm using an iPhone 7 with OS 11.2. Maybe the developers watch the reviews?
It’s very hit and miss your either no have chance or the girl will not be real
I love the app
What I like about some other dating sites/apps is that they let you specify what you’re looking for, making it easier to be yourself.  As a trans woman I can’t really find many men interested in me on the app without identifying as a male (i.e. I only match with straight males who aren’t interested 90% of the time.) If we were able to specify what kind of person we were looking for (“looking for men who like men and women”/“Looking for women who like men”/etc.) then mane things would go a bit better for people looking for a relationship that aren’t straight/cis.  If a girl wants to find a girl to date odds are she has to swipe through dozens of straight girls to find a match. Why not make it so that she can only see matches interested in people like her? Otherwise what’s the point? 
It’s good when it’s accurate. I get matched with people in other states, but it says they are 5 miles away. When I talk to them, it’s apparent they are not.  But when it’s accurate, I’ve had fun meeting new people. 
There are a lot of fake profiles
It’s a nice, simple app but ever since I downloaded loaded it, it’s been crashing and freezing my phone every time I use other apps even if it’s brief
Have had it for a few years. Have tinder gold, still can’t stop scrolling through stupid kik bots. Need to figure out that problem
Need to add height as a mandatory field. We tall girls are stuck trying to guess their height when they don’t put it in their description. Also, location should be mandatory. That’s how we can spot the scammers 7784 miles away.
I rarely encounter any issues with the app except sometimes I'm almost certain I get matched with people I never swiped right on...
Poor optimization. Seems like it's trying to process more than my phone can handle at once. Locks up (as in freezes up so that I can do nothing at all with my device) for more than 5 minutes, so I end up doing hard reboots instead of waiting. Unsure how this made it through iOS testing.
You skip thru a bunch of ppl you’re not interested in, then says you ran out out likes saying nope to every guy and girl, you can’t get one match unless you’ve gone to Harvard, have a 6 pack, and are the most handsome guy in the world you’re not getting picked
The app is ok
Tinder is the perfect app for when your girlfriend dumps you and you get hammered and start sending all your matches drunk pickup lines until a girl responds and y’all hook up but never talk again because you threw up Jack Daniels in her bathroom sink.
Issa bet... ducking love this app :)
It will work and will protect you as needed.
This app freezes my phone or certain apps. And i have the latest iphone so i know its the app causing the issues
Eh
The app works fine, but almost all of the profiles are bots now. Not worth the time to wade through all of the fake profiles.
This app needs to be shut down. Two girls in my area have been kidnapped, raped, and killed in satanic rituals by a cult. Cut up in to pieces and found in a field. They had posted on social media that they were going on dates with people from Tinder and little did they know they were never going home. Devastating.
99 profiles out of 100 are fake or bots. It’s out of control.
Needs some change
TitslikeLit
Let’s see how it goes.
I've met several great people through Tinder and had some great dates!  Thank you, Tinder!
I don’t write a lot reviews but this app is so bad I have to.  You could say a lot stuff about the culture and whatever but what thing app should be able to do is work. This app routinely freezes my entire phone forcing me to reset the device. I have troubleshooted this issue and is exclusively from this app. It doesn’t seem to matter how many updates comes out. My phone gets hot like it’s maxing out my processor. I have know idea what it could be doing that makes it’s difficult but for me I’m done I can’t use his any more.  Also, it’s pretty obvious to me that the app figures out which people are more attractive and puts them at the front of the swipe list and also lingers attractive people in your area to give the idea that there more attractive people in the area then there actually are. 
I can safely promote this to the worst app you can have on your phone. Almost anything you want to do here requires money. The system doesn't consider new members. When I paid, all I got were prostitutes and spams. Most other girls don't reply (possibly fake) The app is too heavy on fairly recent phones (i6). The list goes on and on. Save yourself a favor and meet people face to face! 
I have been using Tinder off and on for a few years, but I have never seen the number of fake female profiles as big as it is now. I find myself questioning whether a profile is real or not. It’s a shame because the app functions very well. I would rather see Tinder get the fake profile issue under control rather than roll out new features.
I've made so many good friends off this app I absolutely love it 😁
It’s not a bad app, just ppl looking for something, Ive matched with a really cute guy and we’ve been talking ever since.
The app crashes if you have Instagram open at the same time, or, if you click a link to Instagram from the app. Additionally, it will then crash every other app on iOS once both apps are open, until you restart the phone. Tested this consistently more than 20 times. Fails every time.
I swiped through 9 fake accounts in a row... 9!!! Fix this please and I’ll change my rating. They have about 3 of the same bios, one picture and of course a kik username they want you to add. Almost always a sexual name... I’m so tired of this and I’m going to delete tinder soon unless they fix it.
One of the perks of the Tinder Gold subscription is getting five superlikes per day and one boost per month. The problem is that they renew at odd intervals. So you don't get them every day at midnight or every 24 hours after you renew. As far as I can tell, the superlikes renew 24 hours after they've been used.  That means that if you use your superlikes late on Tuesday night, you may not have any to use on Wednesday. Over the course of the month, rather than having 150 superlikes, you may only get 120. And boosts are the same. You don't get your next boost when your subscription renews. You get it one month after the last boost you used.  Other than that, Tinder is a four-star experience. It makes it easier to encounter people; it can't make them less superficial or cruel. One star deducted for the issue mentioned above. 
Its okay, but every time i try to link my spotify the app crashes
Tinder. Please. For the love of god. STOP adding features and FIX basic functionality bugs. Some of the most basic features are painfully broken. Spotify link, actually playing your "anthem", and not being able to use the app off of wifi are all unbearably frustrating to say the least.
Great app so many good times had
It's easy to use
Screen freezes when you scroll down on someone's profile (or your own). Almost impossible to resume unless you quit out and relaunch the app
Nice
Yuh.
80% of the profiles are fake. On top of that, never had an app cause my phone to freeze/crash as bad as this. Every single time it’s open, phone freezes. Pretty sure the developers have just given up on it. Makes zero sense how this is even still active. Terrible terrible terrible. Good grief
App is crashing or crashing other apps when open. Also messaging suddenly breaks at times and you can't send or receive messages
I used Tinder just fine until about a month or so ago when a after an OS update (or a few, idk. currently running 11.1.2) Tinder started behaving strangely. It starts out slowly with the app itself being laggy or non-responsive, but after extended use my entire phone would freeze or it would cause other apps open at the same time to freeze. It works again after restarting the phone, hard closing Tinder and all other apps, then restarting the phone again, but honestly I’d just like to be able to use this app properly again. I reset and even replaced my phone and continued to have the same issues. 😩 iOS 11.2 is available now and I’ll be installing that. I’ll update this review if that changes anything. 🤞
Really easy and fun way to meet new people.
So far I’ve been using the app for almost a month. It’s pretty good when it wants to work. That’s the problem.  The app is so glitchy and sensitive it often freezes up or just crashes and leaves your screen completely blacked out.   I’m not the only person this has happened to. Many others have experienced this and it’s annoying. It’s so bad that it pretty freezes up the entire phone and shuts the down and reboots it like it was set to a master reset.   The developer needs to figure out how to keep the live updates up and running without having it interfere with use and just overall be user friendly. 
When are yall gonna optimize it for iphone x. I cant change my top artist because the done button overlapse with the battery symbol
Surprisingly i met my current boyfriend on here. Its a lot easier than other sites (meetme, match, ect.) and you aren’t chasing after guys you would never get instead it actually gives you people that like you back.
Becoming more of a pay to match system with more ads
The newest updates have been freezing my device. It is the only app that has EVER done this. Please fix.
Clutch.... the higgest hookup app of the year
I think that it’s way better than pof there guys are real not fake and it’s less weirdos on here I like it .
Every time I open the app it crashes my phone and no other app will open properly
I don’t receive my sms code to verify my account.
I’m just doing this to see if it stops asking for me to review it
App freezes your phone. Glitch everything. And with meeting people everyone is haft don’t use but still have it and is a waste of time.
I like the app, but there’s a small bug that’s been bugging me. It’s on the iPhone X and it happens when trying to edit your Spotify artists. When you try to change your Spotify artists, the done button gets pushed up into the top right notch making it impossible to tap and touching there opens the control center.
How am I supposed to bring my lady boy to family gatherings without this option. Unacceptable
I shouldn’t complain about the mainstream ladies, as that’s most of the users. I’ve only been on a couple of tinder dates in as many years.  It’s hard for me because I’m pretty far from average, that’s my best guess.  For me, there’s not a good selection of the women I’m attracted to. Sure, there are a bunch of pretty enough girls, but only VERY seldomly are there nice, intelligent, complicated ones. That’s more an issue with me, I guess. If you’re average, you’re gonna be happy here. 
I got caught cheating. Or trying to. Don’t do it.  Especially when you live with your grandparents and won’t even treat my girlfriend of 5 years to a real date. 
Tinder used to be great but now it’s awful. You can pay them hundreds of dollars for boosts only for them to delete and ban your profile for no reason and not let you use the boosts when you waste your time opening a new profile. They also will not give you an explanation as to why they deleted you and will say you “violated the terms and conditions” when there is no possible way you did. Don’t waste your time or money on this app. I will refer my bad experiences on to everyone I know.
So good. Can finally meet people.
I’ve noticed a lot of girls on here saying they’re real age and its under 18 also I’ve seen what appears to be inactive accounts with nothing in their bio at all just a photo or two  also I’ve seen girls put “follow me on ig, twitter snapchat” ect.  so with that some girls make a profile to just get followers because 9/10 times I check out their profile they have 800+ followers so they’re just in it for attention and not to mention they put a lot of the time “looking for friends” “don't hmu if you’re looking for sex” ect. but try it out if you want its free so why not 
We want tinder Moments back!! I’ve talked to a lot of my friends about it, the ones who have had it that long, anyway! We miss them. It really helped show you who was actually active on the app out of all of your matches! I’ve had this app for years and I’ve never had a complaint. Only this one request. 💗
Interesting people
I like it
I like the app but it’s making my phone really slow and other app mess up.
This app is forever freezing, crashing, FREEZING MY WHOLE PHONE! Unresponsive when clicked back into from background.
Its a great app to make friends but theres a couple glitches. Im running iphone 6s plus 64 gb with about 58 gb free and when i open the app up it always freezes up and after like 20 seconds it automatically shuts it self down and goes to the home screen.
This app is a scam app. I had a tinder gold account costs ($82.99usd). They banned me for absolutely no reason. I wouldn’t recommend the app most because all you’ll find on here is scam accounts who want you to “kik” them and strangely enough they all have similar kiks. This app should be deleted. It’s a scam to get money from you I personally intend to sue and I’m gonna hope to put them out of business this is an outrage that they would BAN a GOLD member. For those wanting to try the app best of luck it’s not worth it anyways you’ll never find “the one” on there
greta app
There are way too many spam accounts. It’s a bit trickier than past spam accounts but still easier to identify them. They are just very annoying because of the huge number of them. Usually have one picture only and then the bio says something wacky and then to add them on some other messenger site because they are never on tinder.
Nice one , but should give more free stuff (;
Why does this app cause the phone to freeze when trying to open other apps while tinder is still open? It also crashes from time to time.
Way too many Spam profiles. Tired of matching with someone and then getting directed to some porn site.  Also, the latest version of the app keeps showing notification badges, even though I don't have any notifications to view. 
I am giving this app 1 start because I can’t give it what it deserves, -100 stars.  I contacted customer support about an issue regarding the number of bot accounts I weed thru a day.  All they told me was to report them.  Well why can’t they do their job and screen accounts to make sure they are not bots to begin with. In just 2 days I have reported nearly 70 fake accounts and screen shot each one of them to have a record of the accounts.  With zero customer support and no real people on this app, except those who want your credit card info to steal money from you, there is absolutely no reason to pay for this app, let alone use it for free.
Cool App. Don't take it for more than its worth. Had a friend sitting next to me(female) we matched up just to see how long it takes to match and send a message and receive the message. Days. Literally days had gone by so at the end of the day, just have fun swiping. I think they do a good job at the "tinder plus" advertising and all the other crap but I would not pay extra to swipe. Just my thoughts. The messages get there the same time as the regular messages.
So many fake profiles.
Great App!
The app is easy to use but I feel like it’s kinda boring to use. Tinder used to be fun and easy to match with people but now there’s so many people on the app there’s either accounts people don’t use that’s still consider active. There’s also a ton of fake accounts sadly.
If you know what you want from someone you will not fail.  But know people will always tell you what you want to hear.  Be smart.  I was smart about it, and knew exactly what I wanted.  I met my fiancé on this app.  It can happen, but again, be suspicious of everyone.  Be safe, and use common sense.
I use a third party phone app and never get the SMS code sent to me and I don’t have a facebook,would me more easier if it would used an email.
It is a good app but one problem I am having is Tinder freezing my phone everytime I use it
I keep getting notifications saying that I have X amount of matches with X numbers of messages when in fact haven’t received 0 messages but multiple matches somethings wrong
There are wayyyyyy too many fakes. Asking for a kik, or even have their fake bio say, “add me on kik for some fun”
I try this app once per year or so. It is still full of spam. It doesn’t take long to realize which accounts are fake. If I can figure it out, I don’t understand why the software cannot.
Someone seems to be using Tinder to sell other apps. There are hundreds and hundreds of fake profiles. Especially for KIK.
5 out 5, would bang.
All it’s become is fake spam accounts, tinder you need to fix this ASAP.
App is not working after update. Grrrr Makes all my other apps freeze when I have it open in the background 
The app works fine but if go back and try to open another app it opens the app but just loads a blank screen. Other apps only work when I close tinder. It’s on the latest version.
You can even google it if you want. Too picky? You won’t be shown connections, standards too low? You won’t be shown connections. You literally need to delete your account to “restart” your priority in terms of being shown matches.   Oh you want to buy premium to brute force find the matches? Tinder will label you a bot, and make you invisible to everyone. Yes, even if you pay them your money. 
this is the first time that i used tinder and no regrets
The app is great and has had many improvements/shortcuts added—but the BUGS. My phone works perfectly fine until I open Tinder. Laggy, freezes up entirely, clicking on someone’s linked Instagram causes the app to crash. Not sure what the problem is, but I can see that it’s happening to others as well. If that can get fixed, I’d give it five stars!
i've had tinder for so long that it brings me peace of mind. when my life starts falling apart, i swipe until i feel better.
Just downloaded the app for the first time to see what the commotion was about and holy moly, does it ever freeze my phone up and take forever to work.   I’ll rate more stars if there’s a fix, but currently it’s more frustrating then fun. 
What a good app. Solid. Helps connect with people.
Pam is on tinder. Also, I hate activities.
Some sort of negative connection with the new iOS and tinder seem to be causing my phone to freeze up and I need to force restart to fix the issue. Wish this bug could be fixed, I have tried to uninstall and reinstall the app. Nothing seems to fix this. Hopefully a patch can be made soon.
Esta cheveee está app me gusta mucho y me está facilitando mucho el encontrar amistades interesantes
The app slows or freezes other apps or my phone entirely if left on in the background. I’ve waited for months for the bug to be fixed but still the same problem. I don’t recommend downloading it if you have an iPhone.
if i open tinder and have it run in the background my apps will crash or cause my phone to freeze, all though tinder will work fine during this
develop better ways to rid the app of bots and fake profiles wanting me to kik them....  getting tired of it
It’s not ideal since it’s internet dating, but hey it’s got 50 mil with most sites only having a few k, and the people are spread out, so it’s pretty much as good as you’ll get.
I just recently downloaded the app and it's already giving me problems. I really like the app but it knocked me off and now I don't have the account I was using anymore. I've tried multiple times to make another one but it keeps saying "oops try again later". It's super frustrating all I wanted was the account I was using before. How am I suppose to  make a new one if it isn't working or is there a way to get the old one back to working?
Fell in love on this is so crazy & thrilling how good these girls or guys which ever you prefer p.s I’m not gay
Initially laggy and then freezes my phone and ipad both after a few minutes on the lastest version with updated iOS. Problem has been going on for months now across updates and versions, no idea what's up.
It is a.bunch of either socially akward, emo, or just ugly girls.... now I don't mean not perfect, I'm talking about the green guy from Sesame Street ugly :)
While not perfect and the inclusion of the paid premium edition did take away Ron original experience. I've met dated and had a good time with girls I've met on this app. However for a serious relationship I think there's better options, they just cost significantly more than even tinder premium. Lastly I would mitt I would probably have had more success if I got laid with premium same as I got laid with free, perhaps would have got more or higher % if I would've paid premium longer. I'm over all the sites in general again not the place relationships.
Yes
The best app for dating
Past few days all I’ve gotten were obviously fake accounts. Please find a way to get rid of these it’s annoying
So I have been on this site, off and on, and it gets worse and worse as time goes on. 95% of the women on here are scams or bots trying to get you to visit their web cams and pay them. Tinder has a terrible scam finding team and I have reported way to many women on here. I think over the span of a week I usually talk to one women that is real, the rest fake. Tinder is a terrible app if you are looking for anything other than web cam girls. I wish I didn’t have to give this a star.
Great UX and UI.
Just got finished swiping through 20 spam profiles now there's no one else around me. But, if I wait 10 minutes there's magically more people again. It's really aggravating because I can only see about 10 people in 10 minute intervals and they're usually all spam. I don't know why it can't just load everyone that's nearby at once. Plus, I constantly have 3+ likes and can't match with any of them. I have premium but now there's a second, costlier premium to find who liked you. Pretty bad.
The amount of fake profiles to waste your time by sorting through to actually find a real person is disgusting
Tinder is a good application, no doubt about that but really the only flaw is that there are so many fake accounts that try to scam and try to get you to hook up. It would be nice if there was a way to completely take those people out so we don’t waste likes on stupid fake accounts.   Other than that issue, I’ve met several wry nice girls from here. Had a date or two with them and still looking for the right girl. 3/5 for me! 
I met my boyfriend of two years on this app. ❤️❤️❤️
After months of FaceTiming and messaging my tinder date we ended up finally meeting. Although he lived in LA and I lived in San Diego we finally met. Two years ago today we went on our first date and he asked me to be his girlfriend. I thought to myself “what are the chances of us both swiping right on each other”, but turns out he swiped right on everyone. Either way, it worked out for the best. In December I’m moving in with him and we’re starting our lives together.   Before meeting my boyfriend I thankfully never had a creepy date. We were just incompatible and wanted different things. If you keep searching I’m sure there is someone on the app for you. Even more so now since millions of people use it daily. You just need to weed out the creeps and make it known what you’re looking for. Be straightforward and be selfish. You’re looking for your happiness, not theirs.    Im thankful to have found the man of my dreams just through a simple phone app. Thank you tinder for matching me with the most genuine and loving person I’ve ever met. 
I love it. Wherever I go I always meet ppl from Tinder.
It keeps crashing and lagging and ends up freezing my phone and end up having to restart my phone. Only happens to this app. It’s annoying
Is a useful app to chat with new people, but I personally don't considered it that special
I've had like a 20% success rate can't complain.
Always crashing . Won’t let you sign back in . Garbage
Yhh
I’ve ran into multiples of the