内容
I’m having difficulty updating the app I’m getting a message to press continue 
I can’t get any new tweets or mentions on my profile!
Overall it’s a good app but I wish I had an option of dislike, because when I don’t like something, then I don’t have button for disliking. Therefor, I wish you added the mentioned option in it.  Thanks 
We’re tweeting our lives away.
The American with disabilities act says that you have to offer any services that you offer to the general public to any users that might need an accommodation because of the disability. Because you did not and have not added VoiceOver support, visually impaired or blind users are not able to use this application and any of them could sue you for it...
Seriously. Every time I try to go view my drafts it takes like 5 min just to get to the effing page. It’s annoying. And then to scroll it takes another minute. I’m exaggerating when I say 5 min but it’s freaking annoying
When I’m viewing my moments the app crashes. At least I can add tweets to bookmarks now :/
Please let us edit tweets.
Best app ever created.
I love twitter. But the app. Crashes. Constantly. :(
And if your account is suspended wrongly, you’ve more luck writing your appeal in the dirt than sending it to Twitter. Censorship over even text. More often than not, the “sensitive reply” is someone saying “wow that’s stupid what a jerk” agreeing with the original poster.  For the platform itself, every update takes accessibility and shoves more unwanted features (In case you missed it, etc). Seems the amount of taps needed to use the app goes up with every update. 
Add a option for auto night mode
Just had my account blocked and shut off for no good reason I don’t put controversial things on my tweets
Twitter is constantly subject to freezing, slowness, frustration, choose another app for tweeting. It’s entirely maddening. Its controls are too close together so errors are dozens per day. Its notification messages cover up the retweeting commands so you can do nothing until your notifications clear, and the notification messages have a means to grow in a pretty fashion, but you still have to wait for it to draw-what a drag. Its editing features are awful, and its saved tweets are practically opaque so I can never use them. The only reason is use this is because it is free. But it is the absolute worst app on my phone, by far. Steer clear if you can afford anything else.
It is astonishing to me that there are a few innovative ways for people to communicate their ideas, thoughts, concerns and views.  Have heard of twitter interfering with the free speech of some some groups, integrity of free speech for everyone should always be the case in regards to communication. Also, heard of privacy issues with twitter and several and hoping there will soon be an understanding for companies of the need to protect citizens personal information against hacks and a reversal on sharing it has been a huge contributing factor in the rise of identity theft.
Another new version, another review deleted.  Even after allegedly implementing new rules, Twitter is still a home and safe haven for hate speech, sexism, and sexual harassment from sex-pests and child molesters LARPing as feminists and social justice advocates, all of which is endorsed and approved by Twitter, as long as your posted opinions online are left leaning enough. Twitter offers a new feature: after saying something that can easily get you suspended or banned, you can make your account ‘protected’ or ‘private’ so people can’t report you for your blatant and willful ToS violations. Then you can quietly delete your offensive tweet(s) and lie about ever posting them, again, as long as your posted opinions online are left leaning enough. Another new feature: in order to protect Twitter approved hate the reporting options have changed from specific violations (targeted harassment for example) that have to be handled based on that specific rule, to vague categories (spam) where the rule violation gets to be decided, or more often ignored, by Twitter staff. 
Horrible! Won’t let me scroll through my likes anymore on my page! Fix it
Awesome app! Been on twitter since 2012!
THIS IS GETTING RIDICULOUS TWITTER @Twitter,PLEASE GET A NEW UPDATE NOW BECAUSE THE NOTIFICATIONS AND REPLIES FOR SOME PEOPLE THAT I SEND ARE STILL AN ISSUE. I GET ALL THE NOTIFICATIONS AND REPLIES ON MY TIMELINE. HOPEFULLY YOU CAN FIX IT SOON💯👍#Twitter #Respect @TwitterSupport
Please update. The app keeps freezing & it keeps hiding my tweets on one of my accounts. Both are very frustrating.  Edit #1: Still hiding my tweets on one of my accounts. Please stop doing that. It’s very frustrating especially since I have to resend almost all of my tweets on that account.  Edit #2: With the new update, I’m receiving notifications from an account that I don’t follow on one of my accounts. My account is set up so that I don’t receive notifications from people that I don’t follow & who don’t follow me. I’ve done everything that I can to get rid of this notification & the only thing that works is to uncheck those options. Please fix this.  Edit #3: I’m still receiving updates from accounts that I don’t follow. 
There should be a 👎, or something similar, not just a heart it or nothing.
The app is basic and the company? These guys are more concerned with their bottom line than the COUNTRY that afforded them the opportunity to EXIST. If you use words they do not agree with they will put you in a corner, but not their bread and butter BS boy who can incite, harass, defame, et al ad nauseam  #Unplug
According to my account info twitter thinks I may be a 13 year old girl. I don’t know what it is about me that gives that impression but they think it’s okay to shove beer and liquor ads in my face in spite if thinking I’m likely well under age.  I’m never shown an ad that matches my search history or posts that I’ve clicked on.   The search is terrible, so are the suggestions, if I search for comics for example, I get a bunch of political posts by people calling each other Nazis. If I look through the suggestions I get a bunch of people who don’t have anything to say that has anything to do with anything I’ve ever posted or shown an interest in. 
I love using twitter. However, occasional performance issues and platform issues(bots) prevent a five star rating.
Constant crashing on iOS 9.3
Give it a new look
Twitter should work well for 1 iOS rev down. Going to 11 means many apps won't work anymore no matter how much you paid for them. It's like apple stealing them from you.  Twitter should not support this just because of lazy programming on their part.
I’ve been experiencing an slow delay when scrolling every now and then, besides that the app is awesome!
Twitter goes out of their way to silence the Trump supporters - even mass deleting/suspending accounts and followers if it doesn’t follow their liberal agenda. Beware!
Can we go back to square twitter please
Twitter’s app has a lot of bugs with their notifications disappearing. They also engage in heavy shadowbanning and throttling on conservatives, especially when you use the app.
Absolutely terrible experience. I created an account. 5 minutes later I was logged out, account suspended? And then had to “verify my account by doing a anti-robot quiz OR entering a phone number” so I did the anti robot quiz. Then what pops up? Enter your phone number. Can you close this page? No, no you can’t. Can you contact support? No, no you can’t. Because your account doesn’t exist without a phone number 😊 thanks Twitter.
Any chance we can filter for content for a specific timeframe? i.e. show only content posted today, yesterday, last hour, etc.
I enjoy Twitter because of the ease of news and info.  It loads fast and with the expanded characters it’s much better.
DO NOT UPDATE to version 7.17.1 it crashes and feezes EVERY time. I hole they realese version 7.17.2 ASAP to fix all these problems!!! 
I find it ridiculous that tweets only show in Home feed for no more than the last 4 hours. Makes no sense! And lists only load tweets from only 5 or 6 hours ago. Why?  We Should be able to see ALL tweets from at least up to 12 hours ago. So if you're not on twitter app, you're missing LOTS of tweets from people you follow. 
I love and use Twitter more than Facebook. I don’t like how there seems to be glitches frequently and no good centralized place to report that where you get feedback or support. For instance, currently, a friend’s tweets can’t be seen in our notifications but we can see her page and in our feed. She tagged us so we should get the notification. That begs the question of what else am I missing? I understand how some can misuse rules of tweeting and using hashtags but it makes it difficult to play hashtag games sometimes. If we’re proven and established users and hashtaggers, rules should be tweaked or exemptions made to allow us to continue without penalty or ghosting. Bullying and harassment do happen. The options for reporting such activity can be easily found and used. Whether you report the person or tweet, it’s an option available in either case. You can report it for your friends as well if you see them being harassed. Twitter does do a good job of replying to you with results and clearing these out but you do have to report them. And if you disagree with their report back to you, you have an option to send more info. But, like I said, I love Twitter. Easy to use. Easy to reach people. 
Since the most recent update:  1. The “search twitter” bar disappears completely and or covers account profile picture on top left of screen when on the “search tab.” Or, it will lower and encroach on the image that is on the front page. In other words, the search bar moves around, instead of being stationary as it should be.  2. Previous setting to “increase color contrast” would do just that. Now, having this setting toggled on means all hashtags, screen names, @ mentions, and links are underlined. This makes all posts look wonky and the timeline cluttered with lines everywhere.  3. Posts with muted words still show up on my timeline, despite my curated list of words that are saved on muted words list.  4. We need an option to report tweets that have deliberate misinformation. When tragedies occur, stupid and hateful people deliberately and maliciously post information that is false and fake. They do this in order to create confusion and to direct vitriol against a group of people. The same way we can report tweets for spam, hate speech, violence, etc., we should be able to report tweets for spreading false information. 
People add me to lists all the time. How do I drop myself from their lists that i don’t ask to be apart of?   Is there a way i can get out of it???   Thank you. 
Great app
Twitter is life ❄️❄️❄️ 🌧🌧
Only allows posts that propel their agenda.
Five minutes After I made my account they blocked me. I did literally nothing and I can’t do anything about it because the app keeps crashing
I would think that Twitter would come up with a way to make navigating their app easier. I have to click on way too many things just to look at my own profile and switch accounts. Twitter needs to simplify the navigation again like it used to be. I remember when the app was enjoyable to scroll through and check everything out, now I spend a lot less time using the app.
It’s good so far. No, really, it is, but have you considered implementing live-streaming gameplay footage of games on mobile via iOS replaykit or something like that on pc as well?      Most of the ordinary people who tweet on your site are most likely gamers who could possibly show off their gaming skills to the world of Twitter. Think about this for a bit and respond with what you think about this idea. Thanks.
1- Make the new look automatic so when you uninstall & reinstall the new look is there right when we open the app!!!  2- Give us the edit button so we can edit our tweets if we messed them up in the first place!!!  3- Go back to using the old web service instead of using Safari it\'s annoying cause we can already use the Safari app we don\'t need it in this app!!!  4- Give us a way to zoom in or out so we can get closer or not closer pics so we don\'t have to exit out of the app & use our camera app to get the perfect picture!!!  5- Make it so when we do slid over to the profile that we don\'t lose our place at what we were looking at before!!!  6- Fix it so that the timeline doesn\'t always restart every 5 seconds or when someone tweets something new that it would restart & we would lose our place it needs to stop & be fixed ASAP!!!  7- Give us a way to change the theme instead of having to look at white all the time we should be able to choose a different theme color that we want!!!   8- Y’all just need to redesign your app so all the crappy bugs don’t happen all the time cause every time y’all update or fix something there’s a whole bunch of new bugs, so if y’all just redesigned the app like a whole new theme instead of just the white then maybe the crappy bugs would stop doing what their doing!!!   If y\'all make these few changes I\'ll be inclined to give you 5 stars until then y\'all will only get 1 star from me!! 🙏🙂 
I believe Twitter is very racial and bias picks on Christians and Conservatives but allows people as Rosie Cher and other people to speak so ugly and vulgar with no repercussions and if I say something I get blocked .... So many people talk about killing the President or other horrible things they do nothing Twitter does nothing for me I’m only on here to Follow My President if it weren’t for him I wouldn’t come on this horrible ugly nasty app.
Great way to connect and stay current.
Luhmesumtwitter
Love twitter better than facebook
Twitter is so funny and I really love the theme of the birds and stuff if you pay attention to the detail it’s super cute. I love using it, it’s user friendly and I always see hilarious stuff on here. Twitter is an amazing app and is useful in SO many ways! Shoutout to the creators and designers they did such a good job ❤️
Promoter of fake news. Lefty, globalist,  post modern garbage.
As of yesterday the app stopped working. Deleted 3 times and reinstalling it didn’t help. Running iOS 11.1.1
Great I never have had any problems! Works perfect! Everyone should download Twitter and I was not given anything or even talked to any this is my own opinion and I’m middle aged woman,mother , wife I love Twitter and think everyone should be using this helps inform you and you meet really good people !
The search bar on the trending page keeps moving out of place
Unlock my account Twitter. Stop playing games. I did nothing. This is an error on your part.
The search function keeps spazzing out and sometimes doesn’t even appear. Using an iPhone 8 running iOS 11.2.6.
One of my favorite apps
ممتاز جدا
Give me access to all features & setting in the app or open up the website for desktop viewing on mobile.
Twitter is the only social media I use, and I can't even get on the app without it crashing ): PLEASE fix it! I'm dying of boredom
I have been on twitter for roughly 8 years, but this year I have decided to delete my account. I can’t deal with a social media app pushing its liberal agenda down everyone’s throats. Reporting news is one thing, but when you focus on the negative of only one side and bring opinion into it, you’re no longer reporting politics.
After yesterday’s update my tweets get stuck in upload status. iPhone 8 iOS 11.2.5
The new update is super buggy. Notifications don't show up sometimes and then the notification # on the mentions tab won't go away.  The pulsing blue loading for is unnecessary and awful. Often times you can look at the image/video and don't even know it's still loading because I'm busy reading the tweet. Eliminate this blue dot.  Bring back landscape keyboard and favorites (stars > hearts) 
I joined Twitter over a year ago. One of the things I like about Twitter is the ability to keep up with breaking news, comments, etc. Recently I have learned Twitter is removing conservatives tweets and followers. Twitter also claims its against “hate speech” yet I read threatening tweets on a daily basis - leftist hate is allowed. This is bad business. Social media is available for ALL people to share their news or express their views. Twitter needs to rethink their position.
While not bad, I do think it’s done better in the past. A lot of these changes as of late seem very pointless, and more of a downgrade if anything. I liked it more when viewing my own tweets was just a tap of a button, rather than opening a menu in order to view it. I also hate the new “round avatar” trend, as it looks very ugly and gross in my personal opinion.  I do like the addition of longer tweets, though sadly that’s probably the only good addition we’ve had as of late. 
I am a 66 yr old retiree and thought Twitter would be a good way to connect with my grandchildren and to get news and views I would not ordinarily get. It was good at first and I found it interesting. Now it has become a political tool of the Left. I have recently lost many “friends” or acquaintances due to their conservative or religious ideas. I only have a few followers but enjoyed reading others views. Even those I disagreed with because that helps one to understand other viewpoints. Now it has totally become a tool. A Twitter friend had his account deleted on twitter and YouTube because of his conservative views. He didn’t even vote for Trump!  But he dared to question events in Florida. Not calling it false, just asking questions. He showed me 4 sites on Twitter by people who support having sex with children that he had been shown. And, no he doesn’t swing that way. You have a monopoly, you should be fair, not politically motivated.
Twitter is horrible! It’s full of brainwashed liberals. Twitter mutes conservative views!
The search bar comes off. When I use it
1 star
You can’t see captions on people’s photos or videos/gifs on their profiles.   Thanks.
Why can’t I mute conversations anymore? Also the accounts I have muted are still tweeting me? Also it’s cutting off a lot of my notifications and just showing the twitter symbol.
I love you Twitter.
can you please add voice note feature in the direct message :) !
This Twitter Apps Is Useful Make Us Tweet A Lot And I Loved This Anyway
Fun
How about making the iPhone X able to view an accounts photos in landscape mode. This allows us to look at more than one picture at a time.  Putting the settings/lists etc as a button on the profile makes it easier to do certain functions rather the going back 3-4 swipes.  Thanks 
Brings me joy.
+10lince místico 👌👌
I really love using twitter and this app is getting frustrating. It keeps crashing lately, it’s also pausing/ freezing while the device isn’t actually frozen. Please fix, I do love to use the app
#Excelente
Twitter is part of the leftist agenda. So if they find you posting against their narrative with facts, you get shadow banned. They censor speech they don’t agree with and try to manipulate and override democracy.
Love this App
After the last update the app keeps crashing.. I’ve tried uninstalling and installing it couple of times and on each time it only works for a few minutes then continues to crash again ! .. tried all the Twitter Support guidelines and they did not solve the problem. Also, I tried the contact us option on the page and posted my issue but it redirected me to the same support page !!
Great.
If anyone actually reads these reviews of what, roughly thirty five hundred people out of the X amount of people who use this app keep on keeping on.
Twitter literally keeps me going 😂 Twitter is too funny
Best Twitter app! 🐐
I only want to see notifications from people I follow and I clicked the setting for it but I still am getting notifications for people I don’t follow
Like it
my twitter keep freezing let's fix it
if i swipe between apps, i am immediately removed from whatever account im logged into and placed into my personal account DMs. this keeps happening CONSTANTLY. i cant even post to my other accounts. becoming incredibly frustrated.
Fast working
Twitter is awesome!!! I really love to follow everyone with photos and videos with family and friends.
Smooth scrolling is absolutely critical to an app like this. But, in this app, scrolling through tweets, even on my iPhone X, is a stuttery and janky mess. Tweetbot is a much better app performance-wise.
Why when i just made a new account today, It automatically says i have been terminated for somthing, i forget. I didnt even to follow 2 people yet. Can i please have a answer?
This is a bug on my iPhone app and iPad app. It has nothing to do with my internet connection because I’ve texted this on different networks and it continues to happen release after release after release. This also happens to my brother who lives in a completely different city. So many issues on iOS over the past year.
Recent glitch: search bar above moments sometimes dines pad correctly. Looks crammed.  First and foremost if you add the ability to have night mode come on at sundown, then I\'d use it more. Please implement an auto feature. It\'s time to catch up with Reddit.  It would be awesome if we could rate stories based on our interest. Curated stories for individual users so that I don\'t have to see a story about the Kardashians if my main interest is stories about the situation in Korea or the environment. You could really do a lot to make Moments a news worthy addition. Right now it\'s just sloppy.  Example: if I rate political stories high, then the main Moments page should have political stories.  Top stories should never be entertainment in my opinion and a preference bar where I could set and edit that would be great.  Please add the ability to follow any hashtag I want. (Example I would like to follow popular #Parkland tweets for the next 5 hours. Or I would like to follow #SOTU posts for the next hour.)  One more thing. I want to be able to see Tweets around me. Have a \"Nearby\" button.  Finally, add NSFW and SPOILER tags so that they don\'t pop up if I\'m looking at #TheLastJedi tags. It\'s a an easy thing to implement. Just do it.  Otherwise, a well designed app. Still more to do if they want it to be great. 
My biggest problem with this app is that when I go to the “Search” page all I see is political news (which is seemingly biased, but that is not the point of this review). I wish there was a way to block the content that I do not want to see
You guys need to make it so reminding a video doesn’t make it cut out or pause frequently. It’s clean the first time through but rewatching videos makes it choppy
Twitter is a good social media program for sharing ideas and opinions.  Sadly, Twitter is run by liberals who are fairly intolerant of conservative ideas and if you espouse said ideas you run the risk of having your followers chopped or your account shut down.  Like most Libs, Twitter gives lip service to free speech but they don't really believe in it.
Please give us a way to do searches without having to see the anti-Trump, left wing diatribes known as "Twitter Moments." Either that or actually give us a way to curate them on our own.
Twitter is the greatest source of ignorance in the world.  When human civilization end I have little doubt Twitter will have played a roll.
It’s a sad day in America when ANY voice and truth is being censored.  I have seen many of my retweets shadow banned. If you don’t like my views why not move on. What happened to free speech and the first amendment rights of all voices. Very sad.
there needs to be  a way to organize followers  and following  into user defined categories ..   tweets should have  a duration setting ..  a day ..  a week ..  a month ..  a year .. etc ..  then they auto delete ..   when reporting  questionable tweets .. accounts ..  let the user describe  exactly  what the problem is ..  not some over generalized category 
These people’s names on here are causing Twitter to fail miserably by death threats and severe abuse. Mythopoetic  HC.Net Mike at Fuctupmind  _0hour_ Brian which has 20 fake accounts  RealSlimSupreme Zola Spicci AmericanHotLips Lucid Mistabronco Phase2Phase Shane_Strait Ames lavivaames  GApeachKarin Brenden Dilley that pays these people to torture users on Twitter. He’s the antichrist  Meg. These people are in groups they follow each other trying to destroy Twitter. They hack into people’s accounts and threaten lives. Otherwise Twitter would be at 100% functioning. 
I like Twitter. It's as entertaining as Facebook.
Love the app but it constantly freezes my phone! Needs fixing. There's been multiple updates and none have fixed my problem! My phone still completely freezes up my whole phone.
Add. An. Edit. Button.
For some reason, the app likes to show me things from 16-20 hours ago that were “liked” by people I follow. Not “retweeted” but “liked”. Please fix this bug immediately.
The past few days, images have stopped loading—a new problem for me after a decade of use. But, otherwise, love the app! Great way of getting news and entertainment fast
Can’t scroll past 5 hours anymore
What is Todays Moments?
The iPhone app is full of annoying bugs. How don't know how it passes QA if they have one? Sometimes they fix a bug and it comes back in follow up update. Almost scared ti update the app once its working fine. Wish I could freeze it.  The annoying bugs that are always there are:  1) sending a tweet sometimes takes an hour! Crazy!  2 if you open drafts, it takes long time to open them. 
Whenever I try to see my likes, they’re gone or it’s only showing two from last year 🤦🏾‍♀️
For some reason if you have notifications from users turned on and you open the notification section of Twitter it will dismiss all the notifications on your phone from those users. It’s one of my biggest pet peeves at the moment because I have to go search for them manually and forget half of the users that were sent.   Other than that the app functions great other than little bugs randomly which usually get fixed pretty fast 
BY DOING THIS YOU ARE TAKING AWAY FREEDOM OF SPEECH.
Anyone can threaten harm, with specifics, and because they’re a national figure, they get away with it.  WRONG!!!
La app es muy buena y me encanta usarla pero he estado teniendo problemas con ella desde anoche. Ayer todo estaba bien con ella, podía ver los favs en su totalidad y los rts ahora cada que veo eso, me sale casi menos de la mitad de los favs y en los rts me sale que no hay usuarios, pero mis amigos si pueden ver quienes me dan rts, ojalá me ayuden y la arreglen :(. Y no me están llegando las notificaciones, me estresa.
I use twitter for news purposes. The company itself is overly left wing and interferes with the delivering of accurate news.
Gab is better than twitter but Apple doesn’t want to include the app.
While this app in it’s self is well designed and works well enough, I’ve jettisoned it, because I’m leaving Twitter.  Until this company begins taking seriously the negative impact their policies are having on the human beings that use their app, until they kick the robots to the curb, I’m out of here.
Never deleting this app.
I’m tired is this site. Always suspending or shadowbanning Republicans and Conservatives.
Thanks 👋🤠
The last bug was a few weeks ago no matter how many times I delete it, the app rejects my account. I’ve told them a few times and it still isn’t working. Also the way they monitor twitter is weird. If you are passionate and outspoken I’m pretty sure your account is monitored. Mine has frozen a few times when I was upset about some political issue affecting my life everyday.  For them to be sort of fascist is getting scary when people don’t want to hear you out here your side of things. When people try to silence others,  in a large format like twitter. it’s an indication of a communism /fascism .
as usual any APP I been using I love it. so yes yes I love love Twitter 💗 my favorite app !! it's one of A kind !!! I don't have no friends, boyfriend OR anything so I literally vent too Twitter. been had my account since 2015! it's actually entertaining, fun, addicting, DIFFERENT and peaceful too tweet in peace 😌
Not sure what happened with recent updates, but the app crashes so much I can hardly get it to open. Impossible to use.
“Tweets aren’t loading right now” and “Tap to retry” are common themes with this app.
The app used to work fine.  For the last week, the app crashes almost every time I try to access it, sometimes several times.
I cannot use Twitter at all anymore. Every time it refreshes anything in the app it immediately crashes and gets stuck in a load and crash loop.
I dont care for moments.
I spend so much time on Twitter since it is such a great app, but why is the video quality terrible? Update through update, some videos that i know should be clear are blurry, and some videos it takes 5-10 seconds for it to clear up for the last part, but the first part still won’t be clear. Please fix!
Video and web links are excruciatingly slow to load.  Have to leave the app to bring up Safari to view any links or video.
The new layout is alright could be nice to see all the extra trends like before.
This app is horrible when you consider how HUGE of a company Twitter is.  Click on a notification - you’re taken to something else entirely different.  Randomly all your notifications will go away.  Wanna look at your profile?  Be prepared for all your notifications to go away.  Why have notifications when one single mistaken finger touch can make all of them disappear into oblivion?  Why have notifications when you can’t even get to the tweet you want to look at?  Make sure you’re phone is unlocked when you click on a notification, otherwise it’s a total crapshoot as to what will happen.   Total crap, @jack!!!!! 
it won’t let me change my pfp, ughhh
If Twitter wasn’t the best form of media to obtain instant news and information its ratings would be on a scale with other MSM media outlets. It’s algorithms are designed to heavily favor Liberal Tweeters and control opposition opinion by closing accounts and blocking tweets.
They censor and suppress free speech. Get Gab.ai instead.
Despite the obvious troll-bot net that is Twitter these days, this ridiculous app closes your music when you scroll past a video. This is an app and desktop issue. Twitter is responsible for their own demise here with poor enforcement and lame app choices.
I would have given it 3 stars but the use of selected censorship dropped it to 2 for me. If I name the topic(s) they're censoring here, my rating will be censored. Because of this, I also use another gabby platform where freedom of speech is welcome and I can talk about the cover up of the harmful invasive species from the Middle East and the political administration's successes.  The function of this app has its upside and downsides. I can quickly see conversations but it's difficult to go back to them if I need to grab an image to include. Updates to new/other conversations rip away what you're reading and you can't get back- super frustrating.   Chances are now that I've given this rating, my account will suffer but I was continually prompted to give a rating so I have. An honest one - but now I'll pay for that honesty.   Welcome to this platform where you will conform or be restricted by ideologies of the people that have very little value for the knowledge of the elders who came before them. They have been tricked yet they do not know it. 
While Twitter is a great platform to share information, they censor those with different views ie conservatives. I’m sick of these tech companies pushing their globalist-liberal views.
Please get rid of the bots and trolls!!!!
App is not accepting log in, but when I use the website I can log in successfully. Is there an issue with the app?
Every time I open the app it immediately crashes. Restarting my phone and closing the app doesn’t change it . Needs another update to fix the crashes .
Takes me out of the app to a login screen to change settings. Sensitivity settings challenged by a celebrity's twitter acct. Why the hassle? In today's fast paced social media brain diseased world, nobody has got time for that.
Twitter has been my main social media app since I was 15 and it probably will be for a long time. The only reason I’m not giving it five stars is because we need an edit button and we still don’t have it. Please get to it
Now here's a complete waste of time, that is for anyone who values their time. The others all I can say is you must enjoy reading know it all comments from know it all individuals. This app is headed for the junk pile, my junk pile I should mention, it's easy to see some people enjoy this mindless app.
So I start typing a hashtag in my tweet and when I scroll through the suggestions you close out the tweet and leave me in a search box? What’s the point of that?
:(
Thank you, Twitter, for making it infinitely easier to do good in this world. Sorry it took me so long to figure that out. Looking forward to years of fun and productivity ahead.
I love the way the app is set up but it is almost impossible to login. No other social app is this difficult. None of the verification methods work even texting my number is failing
Some of us can remember when the app started. At first some where sharing information that surely was considered by most as clearly something that should never have posted. As each small correction and tiny update implemented it began to take on and pardon the cliche but a being in its own right and in small steps a life unto itself. Used by some to show the world something small and insignificant such there lunch or to comment on the weather. And then it became something no one expected and that was a voice. A voice of the oppressed and a voice for the depressed but best of all it not only carried the whispers of reform but became a loud speaker for change. From Black Lives Matter to Times up.
I went to update my app and now it won't even open without crashing. This app is terrible. Please fix it ASAP. I never had this issue before this update.
App crashes on load- I am on an iPhone 10
i just updated twitter and i have a notification for my dms but im missing from my groupchat? ive deleted the app twice now and its the same thing! please fix this
Crashes on opening of feed... help.
Snapchat and instagram may be changed but you...... Twitter my friend have always been here
After the update last year they make all these changes that people don’t want! Trying to improve things they should leave alone I miss having a profile page. They make everything more difficult than it needs to be. I love twitter and use it too often and I want to love it but they make it worse and worse. And somehow it has 4 star review I think not true I see a lot of 1 star reviews.
#freepyro
It’s great
I try to open the app but it crashes every time. I am sad now. Twitter hurt my feelings. Help.
use my code and get 20% off any Pura Vida Purchase(: HANNAALEXANDER20 puravidabracelets.com 
App has been crashing since the last few days and no response from support
The app now cuts off audio played from other apps (music, podcasts, audible etc). I imagine this is to accommodate the autoplaying videos in the timeline. It’s wildly irritating and will quickly lead to my no longer using Twitter.
best,more than any one
Twitter is sentimental. I’ve had the same account (and the same number of followers....) for 9 years. It’s the only social media account I use! Yet, I had no need to download the app until January of this year. I would text and receive tweets from 40404 - Happily! Recently when I checked my profile online, I found that the *perfectly crafted* tweets I had texted in were chopped up - All fragmented and illegible. I tried to contact Twitter Support for answers.. no word from the bird. If I wanted to continue using Twitter, I had no other choice but to download the app, so I did. I liked it better in 2009.
The search bar has a lot of bugs.
Simplemente funciona!!!
Great, every update makes it even better !
If yours planning on uploading a video to twitter forget about it! It ruins the quality and sound so much, it seems like this has been a problem for at least 2 years now looking up online on twitter forums and they haven’t done anything to fix. How sad
Hey Twitter, please allow people to turn off the stupid, “in case you missed it” option. Twitter, you totally missed up with this global, cram it down your throat, stupid feature. Now go sit in the corner!
Stops loading after 7 tweets
Still not implemented.
One of the most toxic communities ever.
Come on Developers get with the program! It doesn’t load images for half an hour. No one has time to wait 30 secs. What’s the point?
It would be great if you had a button to notify twitter of possible bots!
I have updated Twitter and deleted the app  multiple times now and all the tweets I like are not on my profile. I don’t not like this because I can’t see what I’ve liked.
The app has been crashing 10 times a day for the last 3 days.
Thank you Twitter   The application is good... but the advertisements very bad..   Some times I can’t read the tweets   Regarding 
Every since the new update the search bar, is glitched sometimes.. in order to fix the glitch I have to close and reopen the app.. tried refreshing within the app but nothing happens please fix!!!
Not sure what’s up with this latest release but on IPhone 6S is crashes every time I use it.
Tried reinstalling and restarting phone
The app is great! Would much rather use the app than the website. However, I can’t open the app without it crashing on me. Plz fix this soon!
Version 7.17.1 on iOS 11.2.5 crashes on open so frequently it is unusable.  Versions prior to 7.17 did not have this issue.
Twitter has become a place for people to bash and hate white folks.  A hashtag “fwhitepeople” is very common to see.  And whites get banned for defending themselves, while the black community is able to post #killwhites or whatever they please.  Not a source of news, very liberal, twisted stories are shared here.  This app contributes to the division of the US.
Great UIX, swipe up to close pic or vid and return to feed; more apps need this.
Better than fake news.
constant app crashing
It was crashing before the update and after the update. Problem not solved. This is getting annoying!!!
I love the app. But fix the glitches, I can’t view tweets with videos, even if the video is from the correct source.
after i recently updated the app it doesn’t let me change my profile picture or my header at all. i’ve been trying for days now
This app is my go to place to promote my YouTube channel and videos I love it! Follow my Twitter justanotherwb
I love it. I use it to get my daily news fix. It has good options to minimize advertising and what you don’t want to see on your feed
Es muy buena la información al instante y mantenerse al dia
I love this app,I can connect with musicians, and so much more. You can reply with gifs. But, there is a character limit on how much u can type. Usually if u need more space to type you have to go to notes, type down what you need, then screenshot it. I suggest this app.
Would like to see more consistency on enforcement of online posts and conduct.  There seems to be a bias favoring liberal or progressive points of view.  Those with traditional or conservative opinions are more quickly to be censured, blocked , or suspended over liberal accounts.  Please just your detection algorithms accordingly to support freedom of speech.
Please never change. You’re my last hope Twitter. Stay classy. Don’t drop to peer pressure.
Twitter is becoming more like a propagandist tool for the up and coming communist party that the Democrat party is becoming. Half the country don’t mind this but soon they will be getting censored as well but it will be to late. This is how it starts by division then disarmament, WAKE UP.
The app is okay but I wish there was an algorithm to vaporize bots, replies to bots, and retweets of bots. Just eliminate them.  Why is this app causing the sound to shutoff on my Bluetooth headset? I haven’t noticed a problem until a few days ago. When I have audio playing from another app, even though I have audio off on Twitter, Twitter automatically is shutting off audio just by opening the app. 
I love Twitter and all but I wish you could have a longer @name and you could edit your tweets
twitter was good before until the new update happened. The issues that I’m having are the search bar on my twitter app keeps shrinking so small to where I can’t click on it, so i have to keep closing & re-opening twitter to fix it. & on top of that there are times where twitter just freezes & then couple of seconds later it exits out of nowhere. I’m hoping you can fix this in a later update!
i love twitter. i’m on it 24/7. and one day i opened it and it said that my activity was weird or something and it said to change my password and i’ve tried and it won’t let me. so i can not get into my own account, nor can i make a new one!. it’s making me very upset and i’ve tried everything!! time to go back to facebook :/
I have “retweets” turned off, so why am I still getting retweets?  I’m not on Twitter to hear what random others have to say. I want to hear from those I follow - and ONLY them! I don’t want “suggestions” and I don’t want sponsored tweets. When I turn off “retweets”, I don’t want “In case you missed it”! I want FEWER tweets, not more! I don’t live or die by what is tweeted! And if someone I am following tweets to often, like multiple tweets a day, I stop following them. So stop pushing ways to send me more tweets, or at least give me the option to opt out of those “features”.  Why is the first Review displayed one which is just one with a political agenda? Shame on the reviewer, and shame on you for making it so prominent. 
Tested using two separate iPhone 6’s. App crashes on open.
I’m not able to keep up with snap chat and Facebook so I use Twitter
made my twitter account almost 10 years ago an was an avid user on that same account. i was using the app and then sat my phone down for about an hour. when i reopened the app they were asking me to log back in to verify my account. Seeing that I haven’t logged out of twitter i was confused as to why they started to ask me this.i’ve had this account for a long time and the email address i signed up with is one that i no longer had access to. because of this i was unable to reset my password. i tried emailing tech support but they gave me some excuse saying that they couldn’t verify the account and that there was no other way that they could do so. they’ve never asked me to do so before and i am very upset with tech support. i would’ve rather talk to an actual person to explain my problem than send an email that they took a long time to respond to. so now im stuck trying to figure out what my old password was because i don’t want to create a new account. its been 2 weeks since this happened and im very disappointed with their service and lack of communication.
Only gives me 140 characters again . Why downgrade ? I want more characters for my tweets like everyone else . Please and thanks !
Something is weird with the search screen. When you press the magnifying glass at the bottom and the search bar appears at the top with your photo to the left, the window falls a quarter of an inch and is not completely accessible. iPhone 7 user.
I like this social media and love to follow up some tweets I cannot read immediately. It used to allow me to do it and let me just open the app where I was and update the new tweets. Now, it just mix and match somehow new timelines out of nowhere because it is not even IG algorithm that organize it for popularity. It is just a mess.
Couple days ago I got a update so I went ahead and updated the app and now it crashes and if it doesn’t crash things take forever to load it is extremely slow so I hope there’s a fix on the way to get it running more faster. I love using it but at this point it is extremely frustrating
Keeps on crashing when I open app. Can’t even open it ;(
Show me the top 15 or 20 trending hashtags/stories in order like you used too. Not the top 10 with the trend and a description of the trend. 🤦🏻‍♀️
Latest update crashing app randomly. iOS 11.2.1 
I love Twitter, its the one social media that can change the world for good. If it’s allowed to by the censorship police. I have many good things to say but would give me self away so must be subdued if it’s possibles. The disabled, bedridden can be part of society, given a voice in public. I see great things and I am grateful for Twitter
App function is good, I wish would could trust twitter to be fair and not bias with information.
Cant even load properly. Crashes on startup with latest version. Garbage.
It would be a great feature to have the option of choosing to view in chronological order.
Very nice app.  Twitter should remove twitter bots! 
I love Twitter! I love the variety of subjects and retweeting is the way to go!
Yep that's all
Search bar keeps moving and/or disappearing.  Trends now look like everything is a “moment”.  Trends show tweets from people I have blocked (and blocked for good reason). 
This app was fine, but for some reason it's started crashing the moment it is opened. It acts like it's going to load and then just force closes. No way to give it more than one star when it's unusable.
Has good content from popular people or companies that sometimes reveal before they actually show that in public, thus its worth to check out.
App crashes every time I open it. Garbage
I love Twitter is my favorite social media. However, the app crashes super often.
Twitter is the worst. It's a terrible platform that hates its users, and now they've deleted their Mac app. I'm quitting Twitter, but first I wanted to leave this negative review. I would give negative infinity stars if I could. Don't waste your time with this garbage.
I can’t change my profile picture or header. No matter how many times I try. App just freezes. Do better.
Fun app. Social media. Nothing compares. At least not very well.
There’re some problems in searching par at the top .
It’s easy and fun to know what’s trending around the world.
Y\'know, after the Florida school shooting that occurred this week, this complaint is even more relevant, because the biggest issue I have with moments is when you see one automatically before you search for a user.  Now this is where I explain why moving moments to another area besides home and search is a good design choice (it\'s okay to keep it in search, as long as you move the top moment lower.) First, you\'re forced to see one before you can search. This whole week, most of the top moments have been about the shooting. The main issue is that it reminds us of the event like a moment titled: \"remembering victims from the school shooting\". Also, there\'s no setting to turn off moments. I personally don\'t mind moments, but when a tragic even luke this happens, I don\'t want to be reminded by it every time I go to search.  Solutions? Make a new button for moments, move the top moment farther down so we\'re not forced to see it, or have a setting to turn them off.  TL;DR I don\'t want to be forced to see the top moment when I go to the search bar.   If you\'ve read this, please do know that your app is great, and I\'ve been using Twitter since late 2014. However, this makes it a HUGE deal breaker. That\'s the only reason why I\'m giving this app 2 stars, and will happily change it to 5 if you modify the top moment. 
Enables a dictator with a nuclear arsenal.
After latest update crashes after trying to refresh it. Doesn’t stay open long enough to use.
Jack loves nazis and won’t ban them. Microchip gets accounts every week. App crashes every few seconds on latest iPhone and iOS due to twitters inability to block harmful code in ads.
Piece of crap app. It’s worth millions of dollars but the app doesn’t Open on the phone and crashes. What a joke how is this a public company.
Twitter keeps crashing and it’s severely annoying.
App is crashing since update, especially when I go to DMs
Crash!
I love Twitter. But last few days, it was crashing constantly. Either at the opening or few mouths in. I tried everything but nothing worked. I use iPhone X.
Hello,  I am delighted to report that this, the latest version of Twitter for iOS, is 100% accessible to the visually impaired via VoiceOver, Apple’s software screen reading solution for the blind and low vision.  Mark 
What did Twitter do??  When you scroll down on mobile in feed half the screen is gray/blank and makes it impossible to scroll fast.  Seems like each tweet is loading every time when in fact it is not.  Thought it was a service issue until realized it was the update.  Why would they make such a change.
Please make twitter a little more Easy and better at understanding for pepole please make it Much more interesting. And more optimized good app really great way to see what is going on in the world and to really get your voice out there if you want to do a good cause. Also it should be a way if you want to invite friends or family to be part of the Twitter family. And to make the word better please change logo screen. Make Twitter better to make even cooler even optimized. Please fix the app I'm having a problom with the @ sign I can't see the persons name anymore I can only see words she I use the hastag # please fix. This app or you will lose fans make it more people and please change the boot screen it needs a better bird icon and stuff like make it an icon with birds tweeting in trees in a nice pretty day or something. Please remove having a double reply button for tweets we need only a one reply button. Please remove the reply bar and use the arrow reply as a replacement. Twitter is so awsome please keep updating the boot screen the little bird needs to have like a cool effects like saying welcome to Twitter or welcome back telling the user welcome back. Also please make it even easier to use so pepole do not think Twitter is hard to use. Also add videos so we can all learn how to use it to show us how to send ideas to companies organizations etc. please make a new bird boot screen. And continue to make it cool please change the bird icon and make the boot screen more colorful.
I love Twitter and tweeting
We want a old version please
Please fix since new update my Twitter now crashes. Otherwise I love it. Thanks for your time.
Still crashing left and right
twitter has a quarter of the users it says the rest are bots.
Twitter is becoming an enemy of the first amendment in the United States
I don't EVER want you telling me in a notification what someone tweeted. I'll see it in timeline.
This new release is crashing on iPhone 7 latest ios and Twitterer update. Very disappointing 
I stopped using twitter for a while and when I got back on it wouldn’t let me like or retweet amything and it says I’m following 0 people. So I checked my email and twitter told me that they locked my account, and I followed all the steps to get it back working but, nothing has worked... this is an issue and I’d like my account back.
Uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times. App still crashes every time i open.
Can’t even open the app. Tried everything. I’m up to date. Fix it.
For 2 days now the app for iPhone crashes every time and out of nowhere.
Hurry up
Used to work fine, now the up crashes when starting. Before and after the update. Please fix, thank you.
The app works as one would expect with few crashes.
Get rid of the bots, stop allowing users to spread harmful misinformation and hate.
Fix it back to chronological order
App crashes after updating to ios 11.3.5
Crashing on iphoneSE after 7.17.1 update
Fix the fix so I can get my daily dose of toxicity
التحديث الاخير جداً سيء
Last update was awful, it didn’t work. Every 5 minuets crushed & app closed . I hope this problem has been fixed in this new update.
Twitter is currently carrying out a war on our 1st amendment right. This operation has been going incrementally this year especially since wicked Hillary lost the 2016 election. We should rise & stand stay against this demonic forces
This is a amazing way to communicate with multiple people at the same time but the only problem is that it won’t let you write more than the limit. I also don’t like the fact that you have limited space to tweet something. Other than that great app.
Can’t use it right now. iPhone updated to latest firmware.
I’m giving this app 1 star to raise awareness of the amount of scam going around twitter when it comes cryptocurrency and Twitter CEO Jack Patrick Dorsey is not doing anything about it. I find it truly irresponsible for not cleaning up twitter and people on cryptocurrency world are losing money.
App crashes on open Feb 15, 2018
The app badge keeps showing notifications even though I’ve viewed them in the app.
I can only see back to 3 weeks worth of likes. What’s the point of liking things? I like looking at my likes.
Since the last update of today, the app crashes after few seconds every time I open it.
My app keeps crashing since the update. Otherwise a cool product when it works.
Twitter has gotten better with the updates. But I think you guys have all the bases covered in a relatively smooth manner. DO NOT pull a Snapchat and overhaul in any future updates please! You guys are all we have left!
recent update causes crash every time you try to open twitter, don’t update if you have an X.
האפליקציה קורסת! תתקנו את הבאג😭
App just crashes every time I use it on my IPhone
I cant find a way to shut auto play on videos on the news feed off. That’s super annoying. Especially with headphones, theres a weird pop sound. And some stuff may be lewd and i dont want to see it but im forced to. Not cool. I’ll change my review if this gets fixed.
Have been using this app for years. Updated today and the app crashes every time I open it. Restarted my phone, didn’t work. Deleted and reinstalled app, didn’t work either. Never update apps when they first are released. Companies are in too much of a rush to properly debug before releases. Disappointed.
Okay so lately twitter has been pretty laggy on my 6s. Never had issues till lately. It seems if I close the app completely and reopen it then it helps but I’ll really love if you figured out some to fix it. It’s become really annoying and I’m on twitter so much. I know it’s not my phone cause other apps scroll smoothly. This is really starting to get annoying. Recently all of a sudden now sometimes the search bar will glitch out and then I can’t search
What did you do to it ? Fix it please ! iPhone 8 plus iOS 11.2.5
We need auto night mode
Can’t switch between accounts on iPhone X.  App crashes when feed loads.
I deleted this app but keep getting notifications. How do I get it gone.
Can’t open the most recent update. No idea why, to repeat this bug, open the app and have it crash immediately. Expected behavior is just browsing Twitter.
Latest build crashes on iOS 11.2.5.  I can’t even ope. The app at this point.
It just keeps crashing when i try to enter a list i follow. Sometimes it crashes immediately, sometimes after a few seconds.
🤷‍♂️ oh well
Can’t load it up at all. It keeps crashing ever since update. I uninstalled and it worked but once I login it keeps crashing.
What about the problem of shutdown suddenly ??
Every time I swipe down to update my feed, the app crashes and when I go back into the app, it instantly crashes. Using iPhone X. Have to reinstall app after every crash
🤔🤔
New update crashes every time I open the app. Great job making Twitter unusable guys. 👍🏼
nothing to complain about other than just let me edit my tweets pls. typos are well and live on twitter and this could be fixed if u let me edit my tweets after posting them.  thanks :)
This used to be a really stable app.  After the last update it’s turned into an unstable mess.  Fix it!!!
I did the new update and now my app keeps crashing.
Their is a bug with the search bar.  After u search something or click a trending topic, the bug happens. The search bar condenses to the top left corner making it unusable unless u completely close the app. 
Please no one update the new update every time when i try to go in application kicked me out
Please bring back the “tap to tweet” option. It was a much easier way to tweet and contact friends when in a rush or to keep our battery level up by not opening the app. Many people will benefit with the tap to tweet option coming back.
Very bad .👎
Crash every time i open the app
The app has been crashing consistently. I tried deleting it and installing it again but it is the same thing.
Application is crashing at startup after the last update on iPhone 6.
Twitter is the best social media app there is and it listens to its users when it comes to updates and changes, love it
It always gets super laggy and unresponsive.
After last update it's crashing once I open it, Arabic language, iPhone 7 plus, ios10.2.1
Unstable  Required frequent monthly deleted & redownloads  Twitter rules are nonsensical. Example allow Nazis, pedophiles, fascist, instigators & agitators but NO TOLERANCE for tweeting against them.   Analytics unavailable for mobile platforms when majority of the users are using mobile apps   Following/follower management is non existent. Have to use 3rd party apps.   Threading is sporadic leaving readers perpetually out of context   Probably made in & maintained in anti hygiene, armpit stench ridden, bangadoor etc. 
sometimes she glitches, but i appreciate her nonetheless
Today’s update does crash when I launch it.. today is 15th of Feb 2018.. I’m using Iphone 7 with the latest IOS update!!
خیلی خوب شده و بهتر از همیشه حتما دانلود کنید
Last update vey bad have a problem can't use Twitter fix it please or remove the app
Searching tab is broken on latest update for iphone x
Twitter has done nothing but censor people and views they don’t agree with. So if you want a safe space to talk about your feelings then Twitter is the place. They claim to be respectful of all opinions yet when you call out senators and congress for BS they suspend your account
After update.. too much bugs and crashes
Oh, Twitter. You’re my favorite app, please don’t let me down by ruining or force feeding ads. Don’t ever change, boo!
Last update is not working I have iPhone 6 Plus and the app keeps crashing every time I open it.
Twitter is crashing down whats wrong
Since the last update Twitter no longer OPEN, why ? Is it only me or everybody?
I’ve been on Twitter almost 9 yrs now & imo little has changed . Example : how about the ability to edit tweets & photos already posted ??
Facing a problem with the last update, it crashes every single time
This update is crashing the app. Not able to open it.
Not working and crashes every 5 second!
The app open for few moments the close .  Thanks & Regards 
After the last update, whenever I try to start the app it crashes down on both my iPad and iPhone. I am so disappointed.
Braid interface very simplistic user-friendly all-around superb app I’d recommend it to anyone beginners or veteran users this app is for you.
last update suddenly shutdown I can't use Twitter anymore please fix it :( :(
Cannot uploads anyone of my pictures
Twitter my friend you have remained consistent throughout the years & I couldn’t thank you enough. When Snapchat decided to blind side us, You stayed the same. When Instagram decided to copy Snapchat, You stayed the same. When Facebook intentionally made us download the Messenger app just to talk to people via Facebook, YOU STAYED THE SAME!!! You are sincerely appreciated & May God continue to favor everyone behind this great app. Motivation starts here, No where to go but up
I love this app! I can follow any and everyone I feel and keep up with the whole world. Great app to express emotions.
I don’t know why but since yesterday (14th. Feb)whenever I open the app, it suddenly quits on my iPad and iPhone. I hope this gets fixed quickly.
Everything I enter into the application comes out tried to fix the problem !!!!!
Since I updated the app to 7.17 It keeps crashing 
Since your last update 7.17 and the app just keeps crashing on my iphone x   Please fix it! 
There is a bug in the last update.  Direct message doesn't work for me. I’ve kicked out several times when I tried to send message through direct message. 
Great for memes.
Ihave a problem every time I try to log in iget a crash and the app close i deleted it and reinstall no use still crashes plz fix it asap
Every time I open the app it immediately crashes. This never happened before the last update. A bummer 👎
After last update the application doesn’t work!!! Whenever I tried to log in the application it bring black screen then return to homepage, and I did every thing restart the I phone and uninstall the apps and reinstall it but the same👎👎 
After The last update I can’t use twitter. Every time I open the app it crashs.  It’s not working at all. I use iphone 6s, ios 11.2.5 
Whatever they’ve done to this app has changed the behavior of scrolling. It’s not silky-smooth like you’d expect from the iPhone.
The app shut itself down once I open it since last night on my IPhone 8. P.S.: i have the latest version of IOS and I tried to remove the app and reinstall it and no difference. I also rebooted my iPhone and nothing happened 
Recent update won't even let me open the app!!!!
The app has been having issues with sending out my tweets and sometimes refuses to connect while on WiFi. I also get text notifications during my quiet hours, and the app is draining my battery excessively. Please fix it... I thought Snapchat used more battery, but now it’s Twitter!
The newest update keeps the app crashing
Title pretty much explains it. This app pretty much works as you expect it to, and doesn’t give you too many problems.  My issues with it:  - battery usage. This app consumes a lot of battery, even on a relatively new phone (iPhone 7 Plus) - this app can get bogged down, and load times /general responsiveness takes a hit, when it loads a rather long tweet thread (around about 100 tweets or more). A workaround is to view the thread on the person’s own page, rather than directly. - app can sometimes bog down when it’s been run for a while, presumably after quite a bit has been loaded into the feed. Force closing and re-opening the app seems to work around this.  I think a lot of these issues are related to overly optimistic caching of tweets and content. Perhaps cleaning out old cached data more aggressively can help these issues?  Overall, it’s a solid app, though. These issues are minor. 
في كل مره احاول الدخول للتطبيق بعد التحديث يسجل خروج مباشره انا غير قادر على استخدام البرنامج اتمنا حل المشكله بأسرع وقت
The app crashes on my iPhone X after the last update 🙄
Your new update made the app crashes every time I try to open it !!!
Updated version 7.17 Bad is out of the program automatically
The app crashes on starting up
In today app update, UI for search button is colliding with the profile pic side bar. Feeling hard to go for search.
After updated, we can see some bugs in app on iPhone
!
This is a good App, but it crashes on iOS 11.2.5
The latest update crashes and never open the app. Twitter you should fix you update. 
Last update is not working in my iPhone 8 Plus. I can’t open it
Crashed open app Plz fix it  I can't open the app know 
After last update it’s not working  14/2/2018 
newest update is craaaash
Why with ur new update is kicking me out from the app
baby we need more colors for the background. maybe a cute black background.
After a recent app update, the site will periodically automatically take you to the top of the timeline while browsing downstream. This is extremely annoying, especially when you're just about to reply to a post and then poof! you're taken many dozens of posts away, often making it to impossible to find where you were. That never happened in the past. Please undo this.   In the past, there was a page to apply for verified status. That has vanished.   Thanks. 
It keeps crashing
NEED ALL BLACK THEME FOR IPHONE X
It’s the worst app ever!! Yo will never leave, you will waste so much tome arguing with the dumbest people in the world who will never change their mind. It’s a terrible app
I would give the App 5 stars but ever since this morning before & after the new update. I can’t retweet, tweet , or like anything. My following section has disappeared, down to zero which is not accurate. Please fix this issue or I’ll just have to delete my account. I do like using the app but if I can’t use it it’s useless on my phone.
I got 7.17 update and it’s terrible. It keeps on crashing after 5 SEC after opening it and my phone iOS is up today. I wish if can revert to the previous revision
Updated to 7.17 and it keeps crashing when laughing. Fix it please
Twitter is great if you aren’t one for free speech. Conservatives are blocked suspended and banned on a daily basis. Until they figure it out, check out Gab.
I love Twitter because it is a place for me to vent about stupid stuff. Another reason why I like it is because it is a great news source, especially for me because I hate watching the news on tv due to the fact that it is super boring.
I can’t open my Twitter after updated it
It crashes on launch after updating, I can’t use the app now.  iPhone 6s
I enjoy it!
The latest version shot down  Not working 
Only App I use
يقفل التطبيق بمجرد الدخول
Application crashes every time I open it after the update.
When I upload directly from my iPhone 8, I save a good quality image but when I go to my profile it looks like crap
ban nazis
For not pulling a fast one on us like these mfs at snapchat and instagram
Too many Nazis.
I like Twitter because I use it as my source of news instead of television!
Dang it twitter, i didn’t accidentally double tap my home button.  Stop scrolling to the top of my feed!  It keeps getting worse and worse.  Omg stop! 
It use to be whenever I closed the app and then open it later, it would start off at the last tweet that I looked at. Now it puts me back 10hrs or more and I have to find where I left off. Also, this ghost notification thing...as soon as I leave the app it’s saying that I have a notification for nothing. Please fix this, it’s quite annoying
Real smooth on my iPhone. No problems at all for me!! I love it!
I only had twitter for 1 min
If your Christian or conservative it will seem like everything is ok but you’ll find they greatly limit who see your tweets and they will suspend your account for biblical views👎🏻
With Airplay 2 my music starts skipping and pausing when scrolling past videos on my timeline. Also after years of having twitter the video player is still poor. After playing a video more than once it starts glitching and won’t play anymore or it will freeze on one frame. I hope that this can be resolved soon.
Everything was fine, I use Twitter like I normally do. Until today, I just went and open twitter and that it just pops me out. I tried going in to see if it’s just a glitch or something but it popped me out again. I restarted my phone to see if that will work but it happened again. It didn’t used to happen like these but now it started. Please fix these so I could use twitter again, now I can’t use it at all because it keeps on crashing and I can’t even view anything. So I guess I have to wait until there is an update or something to help fix these issue.
Awesome
Twitter is full of bots, faux accounts, and crappy people. If you are having a good day and want to ruin it, go read anyone’s last post and then replies. Your faith in humanity will dwindle. Twitter is a miserable place to be.
Must have!
It was amazing to use Twitter on my Apple watch, just to have the ability to look at my feed without needing to take out my phone. I never had any problems with it crashing, taking up space or ruining any functions of my watch, so I don't understand why it was removed
You are despicable for allowing a disgusting pig like Trump to spew his seeds of hate . If we all end up in camps or ovens, it will be on you. You are responsible for this as much as that fat bastard
This app has many bugs that I wish could be fixed. Number one problem is that when it says I have a follower it shows I actually don’t. Number two problem is it happens to glitch from time to time and shows that I’m also not fallowing anybody.  Please fix these problems. 
It's an amazing app to share your thoughts. The only thing is that you cannot edit tweets after you post them.
The app is fine but started having problems with it not going to specific tweets when tapped in notifications. Also Twitter needs to do a better job at getting rid of the bots & adhere to their own rules of getting rid of abusers who break them almost daily.
See above
Can we PLEASE fix the bug on iOS where if you tap on and then close an image/video on someone's page, the app scrolls all the way up to the top of the person's page? I'll be a happy camper then.
Great app
We need Edit option, because some time we make spelling/grammar mistakes and it's frustrating that we cannot correct them
There needs to be a edit your tweet option just in case you miss spell or want to write more in your tweet
Thank you for being the only app that hasn’t gone to s**t
slow af after new update. cant even use it.
برنامج جيد لطرح الافكار و التواصل بين الناس
I’m using my review here to ask if we can please get our notifications that ID which account they come from? Many of us are running several accounts whether personal or for our jobs and it would very much help to know which account has a like, an RT, etc. For example, when a notification comes in from Instagram and we have more than one account, it will come in with the account name in parentheses and then what the notification is. (Like, comment, etc.) Can this please happen on Twitter? Whether it’s for business or personal, keeping track of who is following which acct can get daunting, this would help a great deal. Thank you!
I went to go sign up for Twitter because I wanted it right but I went on the app to sign up and then I did I went to go follow some people I wanted to follow then my device died, when I got back on Twitter it said I had violated twitter rules or whatever and my account was blocked?
Scrolling freezes constantly rendering app useless.
آحلى برنامج
the title said it all.
It is completely and totally unnecessary that I am getting notifications about my Followers liking something...stop forcing people to like stuff just because everyone else is...The fact that requesting to "see less often" does absolutely nothing is just an insult to everyone that uses this 
Never change
Great! You will use all day long!
Some concerns people can easily impersonate someone else like celebrities. Example there is someone messaging as Russel Crowe
Twitter will lock accounts and will suspend you and keep pushing for you to put your number in so they can gather details about you for whatever reasons. If you go on twitter you can't have freedom of speach. The definition of the app talking about expreseing thoughts is fake. No free speach is allowed and saying anything truthful is not allowed either. this is serious not a joke.
I love twitter it’s amazing
I like twitter for short insights into people's thoughts.
It’s one of the best ways to communicate. I use it more than Facebook Snapchat & Instagram. So yes it is great. The only thing I am missing is the blue check by my name.
Only app that has stayed amazing, I love you Twitter. Don’t ever change.
So thankful for twitter and how they haven’t changed drastically for the worse unlike Snapchat and instagram. Instagram and Snapchat are now useless after their updates and I’m glad Twitter still entertains us all.
I love Twitter , it’s simple. Makes life relatable and easier. Lol
KEEP DOING WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND DONT UPDATE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Fix it 😭😭
I use Twitter pretty frequently, but I always have an issue with my feed loading to the most recent that I’ve seen. When I scroll to the most recent post at the top, close the app and come back, it sends me back to tweets from as far back as a month ago. I’m sure why you can see how this is frustrating. Please fix this.
Beautiful has become my diary
Pretty solid app, but it’s flaky when saving images/media. Maybe it’s because my device doesn’t have Force Touch, but Long Press/Hold to Save doesn’t ever work reliably.
This is my number one favorite feature.
Thank you Twitter for not changing everything up I appreciate you
When viewing Tweets commenting on a Tweet frequently the < button gets stuck in a loop and you can’t get back to the main Tweet. Also, since the increase in the amount of characters you can’t hit the three dots in the bottom right to view the reply Tweet. If you hit this area you go back to the original Tweet next to the three dots.
Twitter the only app that never disappoints
I hate social media
Good but the new layout makes me want to die a little, LOL! I want the old layout back please please PLEASE
I like how quickly News travels through the TwitterVerse. I don’t always like what I read but then again opposing views are necessary to critical thinking. I would like people to be more kindly with their language, it would certainly help the discourse and our World. I thought 140 was a good number for tweet size, concise and limiting for quicker easier reads rather than rants.
This is the only social media app that hasn't changed things for the worse. So proud of whoever made twitter!
I love it. No old people arguing politics like Facebook. I understand it unlike Snapchat. And I follow my favorite people. I wish I could hide the feature where I see what tweets people “like” I see a use but a lot of the people I follow like dumb things and I’m tired of seeing Trump.
Use twitter for everything
I love Twitter, and I love that it keeps improving. I recommend getting on that ‘edit button’, Twitter Staff!
Amazing
This app has been such a homie compared to other social media platforms. Especially now that snapchat is hitting rock bottom
I love Snapchat and check it everyday. Snapchat is a great way to communicate with friends and family members who you don't see everyday and just to connect with people in general. With that being said, this new update is terrible and my Snapchat just automatically updated, just go back to how it used to be....please🙏
Love this app way better than fb. Really good good very good job!!! Keep it up guys make it better!!!
I just want to to thank twitter for never switching up and actually listening to the people who use the app instead of just doing what they want. It’s simple to use so it doesn’t take long to get use to everything
Don’t mess this up for everyone ):
There should be a way for users to easily find quoted tweets of tweets that aren’t theirs.   EDIT: Sometimes when I tap on a tweet to see the replies, none of them show up. There could be 37 replies and none of them are visible. And that’s with 4 bars of Verizon LTE cell service. AND WiFi on. I know that when someone has protected tweets, you won’t be able to see them in the tweet replies, but come on, there’s no way ALL 37 ppl who replies all have protected tweets. Please fix that. 
i love twitter, it literally brings me happiness
The app will no longer let me start where I left off and always scrolls back to the top so I have to go backwards. Also, no matter how many times I dismiss “In Case You Missed It” it keeps showing up. I don’t need to see that I just want to see the tweets from the people I follow in order.
I use Twitter everyday and find it a valuable tool to catch up with current events. Although every time I see a trending topic there are obvious fake accounts trying to sway opinions. There are many politically motivated accounts that just spread propaganda. It’s gotten unbearable. It’s time that Twitter takes the initiative to not allow this to continue. Also, it may appear that “famous” people have millions of followers the fact is a large portion of those followers are not real accounts. When there is a large scale trending topic, with mostly bogus accounts spreading deception, it’s time to take action against it. Contact me if you need me to show you what I’m talking about. I see it all the time and I’m not sure there is a way to report it. It’s obvious and apparent the most pressing issue facing Twitter. Please do something about it.
Recently I have “discovered” twitter for news and information and love that I can easily customize and quickly access what’s relevant to me! I get why there is a limit now. It makes sense to get your info and go. Keep up the good work and congratulations on becoming profitable, it was only a matter of time!
Great app to keep up to date on current events and weather info, not only locally, but if you are traveling to different looking locations.  Thanks!
the title speaks for itself
So I decided to enter this century, a little late, by joining twitter.  Turns out someone has fraudulently set up a twitter handle with my email address.  I hate to admit it but I have had this email longer than twitter has been around, and it’s someone in Bahrain, which I have never even been to.  To top it off the bahrainian has gotten the account suspended. I diligently went through the twitter help pages repeatedly and followed all the instructions a couple of times.  No help, just an automatic reply of receipt over 2 weeks ago.  Tried emailing for help.  They no longer have an email help address.  Tried calling customer service, but they don’t have a customer service line.  Can’t use twitter or the app without help.  I’m going to have to delete the app and return the the 20th century.  Kinda disappointing.
Since updating to iOS 11 Twitter has become extremely frustrating and annoying. Screen freezes and I am frequently unable to scroll with touchscreen. I have tried deleting, updating, etc and nothing fixes it.
Every time I close out of Twitter the app always loses track of where I left off. So I always start off the app about 20 hours behind. It used to save the progress so when I closed out of the app after catching up on old tweets, when I opened the app it was right where I left off, but now it still goes back to the previous time I closed the app which is really frustrating because it used to be perfect
I got to talk got my friends with it thank you guys so much!
I try to check twitter while listening to music but of course there’s a video that plays automatically so it stops my music even though I haven’t even clicked on the video so I can’t hear it. I love twitter just fix this.
So I am 10 and my mom won't let me get this app I NEED THIS APP  my friend is 9 and she has it that's just not fair
Anytime so try to watch a video, “content not available” pops up and i’m unable to watch!! Super annoying.
👍🏻
The only reason why i rate this great app 4 stars is about the tweets edit , please twitter allow us to edit.
Love you Twitter, you are my voice ❤️
Although this app isn’t perfect, it is the best mainstream social media app. It actually has your timeline in chronological order.
PPPPLLEEEAAAASSSSSSEEEEEEEEEE‼️‼️‼️
If you need to find all the world news, this is the app that will give you it and a voice to talk
Ever since I updated, my Twitter app has been operating horribly!
This service is a disgrace to the American ideal.
Best place to find new political commentary. But sometimes it freezes for 5 seconds. Annoying.
It's pretty good.
When we asked a question the woman did not like my seventeen year old son and I were threatened with the officer on premises !! This for asking a question about why a animal control officer would be contacting us !! We were called “hostile” !! This from a young red headed woman that had no professionalism AT ALL !!   NEVER GO TO YOUNG-WILLIAMS WITHOUT AN ATTORNEYS NAME AND PHONE NUMBER WITH YOU !! 
Gud
Please stop making these dumb changes to Twitter. I especially I do not like the circle shape. I prefer the square shape size only for profile pictures and the accounts on Twitter.
مشكلة الفيديو
All you have to do is change the color on your app so background white with blue bird hopefully this is not gonna take years to do
I rarely post reviews of apps because i am a very forgetful person and it has to be a NOW not a LATER kind of thing... but I really like Twitter better than Facebook and why I believe that since I grew up using Facebook because news isn’t usually shoved down my ghost every each I scroll down to just find posts that matter to me but do not like the 130 character limit for replying to people around the world theirs plenty more to say than 130 words.
Nothing like it...
Would like less need for “twitter-eze.” Abrev. So- on. Give us more spaces! Or, club by “time to read” or more creative limit systems! 
please bring back the watch app
تويتر برنامج مفيد ومرجع لقرائة التغريدات المفيدة.. لكن اصبح الآن يظهر لنا بعض المواضيع والاخبار بعناوين لا تحترم المشاهد ولا الذوق العام ناهيك عن السذاجة بالمحتوى.. غير ذلك البرنامج رائع ولكن يجب الاهتمام بالمغردين اكثر من (الربح من وراء الاعلانات 👎🏻)
This app is great, however...  Within the first 24 hours of creating my first account, my account was turned limited. I hadn’t even posted a thing and therefore did not violate the Twitter Rules. Despite that, it said it was for doing something against the Twitter Rules. I’m not sure what I did, but it’s very annoying. 
I always make a mistake in my tweets, I have to delete it to rewrite it. It’ll be great to have a place for people to edit my tweets. 
مصداق بارز کم گوی و گزیده گوی چون در
This app is terrible! It is buggie as heck! Also TWITTER needs to address bots & trolls. Very apparent who they are. Even when reported they do nothing.
When you are at the top of the list and pull down to refresh, the new tweets are placed above the current location so you can just keep scrolling up and reading. However, Show More Tweets inexplicably places the new tweets *below* the current location, so to keep reading you have to scroll down until you find where you left off (which usually means scrolling past it, then scrolling up, then down, until you finally find... another Show More Tweets and throw your iPad across the room in frustration). This makes the app basically unusable to me.
I dread opening twitter wondering what horrible headline they'll force me to look at. So much trump, so much hatred, so much death. I wish I could click a button to choose NO NEWS IN MY TWITTER. Sad.
I love using Twitter it's just that all of the birth months isn't available the day and year is available expect the months the only month that's available is August and that's great for the August babies. What about the other months? Please get this fixed.
Tags in trends have a problems
Such An amazing app, so much information and helpful things you can use on the app. I\'m really glad I start using twitter.
Twitter does a good job of keeping the app for my iPad up to date and running smoothly.
Great app!😎
I love social media, but TWITTER IS ON ANOTHER LEVEL OKAY?! They are my number 1 source of NEWS!!!! I swear 90% of everything reaches Twitter before anywhere else on this planet. It’s also entertaining af. Endless memes. One day I was having a really bad day so I deliberately got on Twitter to see if I would feel better and I was laughing my a** off and feeling great within minutes. I’ve had an account since 2011. Never leave us, Twitter. ❤️
I loveeee twitter
We use it because we’re all garbage people and it’s the best way to not feel so bad about being a garbage person.
App constantly lags when accessed. App is now single handily draining battery.
Twitter hasn’t let me favorite, retweet or tweet anything in a month. Deleted the app & re-downloaded it several times!!! What is going on?!?!
The “news for you” notifications feature is showing aged articles about inflammatory negative news, I can’t make them disappear. I refuse to use this app until I am no longer subjected to unwanted content.   Please let me edit or delete items from my notifications tab! 
Laggy. Lags like nothing I’ve ever seen.
Twitter app refresh looks great in theory, but freezes by older 6S+ when scrolling. I’ll take a simple, useable UX over a buggy one any day.
Good game all around
It would be great if Stars would take a minute to have their fan pages checked out! There are so many people trying to scam fans!! They’re shrewd and persistent about paying money or sending money!! Thankfully not everyone who has a fan page is soliciting money for a “great “ so called cause.
Your app has disappeared from home screen & cannot be used. Even trying to open in settings & Apple app update screen is impossible. Developers, something is *majorly* missing.
So left-leaning. It’s a very good app if you’re a brainwashed liberal
Muy buena aplicación. Poco a poco van mejorando.
iOS 10.3.3: twitter will not let me change photo it will freeze then I have to restart. Also when I ask for more suggestions on people to follow , it will show me the same 3 suggestions... no new ones. 3⭐️
I used to love Twitter, but now they’re not fair and I see many people being treated wrongly. It’s sad. I hope something else replaces it soon.
Says “ Twitter could not be downloaded at this time”
It rocks!
I was creating an account and just when I pressed continue to finish the whole process it crashed on me. When I try to login it tells me that they have no info on my email or acc but when I try to sign up with the email it says email has already been used
Very glitchy on my iPhone X. It will freeze up and quit unexpectedly ALL the time
The Twitter app is the best social media app in my opinion. The updates are always on point.
i love twitter and all but your app can be really irritating. to be more specific, whenever i open a photo or video on someone’s page/my feed, the app brings me to the top of the feed as soon as i close the photo or video. it’s very annoying, but everything else seems to work fine. please fix this, it’s been like this for months!!!
For all the updates this company does, it’s amazing that the app still constantly freezes. I purchased a newer phone thinking that was the problem, but no, it’s the app as all other apps I have on my phone work just fine & worked fine on my old phone.
Twitter devs need to be specific about what\'s tweaked in each update. I won\'t update the app until somebody says what\'s been changed.  We need to be able to upload pics and gifs from iCloud Drive. We need to be able to delete certain posts in Notications without removing all of them. We need to be able to bookmark/save certain threads. We need to be able to select tweets as favorites and save them in a special place, not just \'Like\' them. Maybe 50 or so. We need to be able to see when Followers are online (could be opt-in). I\'d like to compose Tweets and send them later for people in other timezones. I want you to make it easier for me to see people\'s Moments, and for others to see mine. Moments should be like scrapbooks. We should able to add later tweets to former Moment collections.  I have two accounts, one business, one causal. We should be able to block topics we don\'t want in our feed. I don\'t want politics or celebrity junk in my business feed. I never care about sports, yet this stuff is always in Headline Moments. I like \"in case you missed it\" and want it to stay, but Twitter should have more options to customize how the feed works. Just because I liked 10 of one user\'s tweets, doesn\'t mean I want to see their tweets more often than others. We should be able to mark some users as more important in our feed.  To other Users, no human is censoring certain topics. Twitter is run by one big robot AI. If Twitter seems more Leftist, it\'s because more Leftists are using the platform than Righties. Simply search for what you want, Like and Follow what you want. In a couple of days, the algorithm will adjust to suit you. I began following certain British authors, suddenly there are no Americans in my Feed. After a while, the algorithm will change back. Also, you can block conversation Threads without blocking user accounts. You can block tweets containing certain words. You can block all tweets that mention Trump or Football or N-word or curse words or whatever makes you uncomfortable.  Practice makes perfect. 
bc you still can’t edit a tweet after posting it
As if Twitter’s management policies aren’t quirky enough, it’s becoming really frustrating when a post you are in the middle of reading simply disappears before your very eyes.   Keeping in mind at 280 characters, a read doesn’t take that long - yet they still have an uncanny way of swooping in and pulling off their little disappearing act with regularity. 
On my iphone 8. Freezing a lot.
Twitter is the best social app out there for those who are interested in getting real time useful information. It's much better than scrolling FB wall which has anything dumped by friend of a friend and their likes and dislikes.
Force touch is a bit finnicky. It often pops when i just wanted to peek. Instagram has much better sensitivity to this, fix it thx love ya
The app is nice I just wish my tweets were in chronological order.
YOU and I,.....are the new media!
I have been having a following/follower count glitch for almost a week and I have reached out to twitter support at least 6 times with no response yet. I love twitter but I was expecting better support. I use my account for business and haven’t been able to promo all week bc of this ongoing issue
Twitter on an IPad or cell is a bit to condensed.
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5stars Five stars 5ive stars 
If you're a conservative, be prepared to suffer. If you're a liberal, this is a place for you. 
I have this problem on Twitter where people put their background or profile pic as a vagina.
Everytime I 'like' a post about Trump my tweets stop being seen. The liberal scumbags that run Twitter need to BACK OFF censoring views you don't like. Twitter is NOT a bastion of free speech but more of an echo chamber for twisted liberal censorship. The real liberals of the past would puke if they saw how you've bastardized the ideas of free speech, especially since you do it under the guise of free speech. The BUMS LOST!
Video playback is very glitchy. Sometimes I get video with no sound, sometimes I get sound with no video. Sometimes I don’t get anything. Rarely it plays back like it’s supposed to. Please fix it!!
Easy to use app. Great for quick insight, response, connection. Use it several times a day. Keep up the good work.
So far so good. Thanks. 
Twitter is good for nothing if they can’t delete Trump’s acc. Terms of service apply to the orange clown also
After forwarding someone else's Twitter, I found a lot of problems. For example, after forwarding, I'd like to continue looking at the forwarded Twitter but find that it is not being forwarded at all.
I can’t search gifs anymore if the iPhone language was Arabic, Please fix this.
I love using this app, and I have for about two years now. It’s a great way to keep up in sports and various other things. I never used it prior to them but I really enjoy it. I have a few complaints however, it’s more like constructive criticism nothing bad. I personally don’t like a lot of the news that is broadcasted on it because it doesn’t really peak my interest, that’s no big deal though just a personal thing. The second thing is that I think Twitter should monitor comments more. I’ve seen some pretty horrible comments, and if you follow any sports team, league, etc there is always a group of people that try to ruin it for everyone. Freedom of speech is one thing but these people generally harass people. I notice that when I go to report a comment these people do nothing but post negative, hurtful, or harassing things. It gets to the point where I NEVER read comments. I am not telling you how to do your job but there was one night where I literally reported at least 200 accounts in like an hour, it was ridiculous. They all violated the terms of service and they all engaged in harassment or disrespectful behavior. I got notifications saying they were read but these sort of people do this way too much to the point where it doesn’t even matter, I just stop reading comments, which isn’t really what I want. I want to be able to engage with other like minded fans. Getting upset over a match is one thing but posting propaganda, harassing other fans, berated people, it’s not right. Other than all of that, I love the app. I needed to say that because I feel it’s become a deterrent. These comments are not just on sports pages either, they’re all over the place. Having an opinion is one thing but there is no need to be rude, offensive, and/or aggressive.
I joined Twitter in hopes to be able to spread awareness for chronic illness to a large audience, but feel like posts are not reaching the audience well enough. The feed is overcrowded at best, and can get lost in the numbers. I would like to be able to have more interaction with my Followers... hopefully it will get better one day soon.
Follow the right people you'll love it
برنامج رائع جداً جداً جداً وراقي
I would use Twitter scroll my feed all the way to the top then re enter and I would be right back where I started and would have to scroll all the way back to the top of my feed. Also I would also love to see the “ in case you missed it” feed removed
please change twitter back to newest tweet was at top of the page I don’t care what you guys think i want to see. also, please stop trying to censor certain users. i can decide if they’re ignorant myself, thanks
Loveee this app
I can’t see all my favorites anymore :(
Fake notifications and timeline shuffling have ruined this app. Now I have disabled notifications altogether and check twitter less often.
What is up with the current version? It’s so bloody slow. You guys are wanting to animate the hell out of it, so it gobbles resources. Please fix it!!!!
Twitter is a super fun place to discuss, debate, come together, so let’s keep it that way.  No Russian bots, no fake news. Things are going to slip through, words will always be spoken, Twitter forces the first amendment to evolve.  You have to keep up with the current social climate and and the rapidly changing technological world in which we live. 
I was only using Twitter for about 10 minutes and Twitter told me that was violating the rules and being suspicious. I don’t know how following my favorite sports players and a YouTuber is suspicious! Plus I’m a eleven year old kid!! Twitter please let your rules up a little bit!
You can keep up with your favorite celebs/youtubers plus text your friends and tweet pictures with text and retweet stuff anyway best social media ever follow me @AIAWESOME03
No punches held back here. PC is on a vacation. Twitter and ilk are replacing MSM. Please remove What's Happening bar. Exercise better neutrality and eliminate your political bias. You are getting better. Thanks.
I joined in 2010 and loved it the first few years. Sadly it’s turned into a liberal nightmare. And I also wouldn’t be shocked if this was deleted as most corporations seem to be completely biased to the left.
Good
Headlines could be a little more interest based. Not so much in a biased manner, I like following politics so show me either side or I follow baseball but other sports could be interesting. But if my profile and follows reflect nothing about pop culture interest, why would I see what some Disney child star is doing with life.  Also, at the bottom of Explode where you’re able to narrow down to topics, a link to any and all poll tweets would be fun. I don’t have games on my phone so I’d just do that all the time.  Thanks 
Please add an edit button it’s annoying to have to delete the whole tweet
What even? This is dumb and the only person’s tweets that anyone cares about is our president, who is a Cheeto.
When I try to search for accounts under the “People” tab, I get a “No Results” page. Happens every time, no matter who I search for. After a few tries the app crashed.
It’s fast and easy way send news happenings quickly
One star due to useless update summary.
I use twitter but I’m growing tired of the literally millions of bots flooding twitter... it’s certainly not too difficult to automatically delete bots or simply use an are you human test... the fact that twitter tends to look the other way borders on evil...
Only 3 stars because I feel like I have to close and reopen the app multiple times a day on my iPhone as it slows down. Touch response becomes delayed and jerky over time. Click on the heart and it waits about 5-10 seconds. Swipe to go through your feed and there’s another 5-10 second delay before it responds.
The recent updates to Twitter have mostly just degraded the experience for me.  The most recent update now forces some background audio to stop playing when I scroll through my timeline (super annoying, new bug)  Before that, a recent update introduced a bug where the timeline becomes completely unresponsive for a few seconds intermittently: doesn’t respond to any touch, freezes up. Also never saw that issue until recently. 
Twitter is great a lot  of fan, but I still prefer Facebook Juggalos & juggalattes plus Mavericks,Pandas and u Little Monsters
Frustrating bug. While I scroll through the feed, the app freezes intermittently. The freeze lasts about 3 seconds. Then I'm able to continue scrolling. If I keep my finger pressed while scrolling and keep the feed moving (moving slightly up and down) the app will not freeze. Freeze occurs upon stop scrolling, so it doesn't seem performance related. IPhone 6s with all updates installed.
I love it. I was alienating my liberal friends and family on Facebook with my opinions. So now I am able to express away. I Haven’t figured out exactly how it all works yet. I love being able to correspond directly to government leaders too!
No censorship.
Best social media app ever👍👍
It is Awesome. But i wish they would being back the "Star" for favorite/like. (*´ω｀*)
I love this app been using it for years it’s helped me grow a ton with getting myself kinda out there and helping me get to where i am today with sponsors getting paid through social media marketing.
Twitter is amazing!!
Whenever I open the app it puts me way down my timeline instead of where I was the last time I was in the app, so I have to scroll through tweets I’ve already seen before I can get to new ones  Stop showing likes on my timeline. 
proverbial hellscape of which i purposely log into to get my daily dosage of suffering. everyone who uses this app is bad, their content is bad, and mine,,, far worse. godspeed.
If you love apps that constantly freeze and accept zero user input for seconds at a time have I got a deal for you!
Twitter app seems really outdated and constantly lags and hangs on iphone se.
I don’t know what you did to you mobile app, but it can barely run on an iPhone 7 Plus without lagging and not responding half the time???? No one was asking for UI changes yet here we are
This is a bad update. They removed the ‘Reader View’ ability for articles - now you’re forced to see the original ads and terribly large font for any articles. Please restore and I’ll amend the rating.
Seems my responses are not clearly attached to the tweets they are interacting with and the comments on my responses.  Is like to see the thread clearly.
Tell your developers to fix their memory issues. Shouldn’t lock up when I refresh the feed on an iPhone 7.
You recently added great features but the one we need the most is an edit feature. Facebook has it why can twitter. It’s so frustrating not able to do that.
Great Union Address Hit out of the park, Question is why do I feel so bad for Dems, Just because there are few bad Dems, Makes the whole party,In mid Term Just running’s are all on all AIR!!!!!!!!   RIGHT FOR. LIFE!!!!!!!!!
Twitter has become boring without the xxx
This time its forcing me to change my password for”unusual activity “ some stupid stuff if u ask me .stop doing this
Es un noticiero espontáneo, todos somos informantes, siempre hay que comprobar, hay fuentes extraordinarias como BBC, CNN, etc y los chismosos.
The entire company is owned by unhinged liberals who violate users they don’t agree with or dislike. The target conservatives fo sport. I’d get on gab just in case your twitter account gets permanently suspended.
Please put the most recent feed first. I don’t like pulling the app up and seeing stuff from 5-13 hours ago
The app is great. However when I go watch on live stream from Periscope, Twitter will just freeze and seconds later just crash completely. I like how I don’t even need the actual Periscope app, but it just gets really annoying. So, hope y’all can eventually fix the bug that causes the crash to happen.
Scrolling through my feed is annoying. Every three tweets the app just freezes for a few seconds. Using a 6S.
Simple
Twitter literally so easy to use, simple and the content on there is hilarious! Twitter also has become like my news outlet as well. The only issue I have with twitter is character limit, that’s all. Otherwise, great app, great people, perfect memes.
While the technical aspect & social connectivity of the application is spectacular, the application comes with a responsibility as does any communications medium administered by a third party in the digital age. Your responsibilities to make sure false/fake ID accounts & bots are at the very least identified to all users are a mandate without which you cannot maintain credibility. And credibility will be a currency in high demand.
Works well and formatted for the phone screen well. Saving pictures seems a little slow, and does not always respond right when pressing to hold for the save menu. Inability to save videos, even those messaged directly to you seems like a mistake. As time goes on, if you want to view the video again you have to scroll back to it every time. A save feature for videos should be easy to implement.
Since the new update I cannot use the search feature to find other users or hashtags. I wish I never updated to fix bugs.
I like Twitter for its simplicity. It doesn’t try to beg for your personal info like Facebook. It’s not addictive, for me anyway. It’s a neat way to keep up with companies, famous people, and unfiltered information (most of the time).  However there’s some things that need improved. The app functions pretty good but I’ve noticed it can drain the battery too much. If you’re on it often expect battery drain. The other thing is the liberal bias. Whether you love or hate the information posted, everyone should have FAIR 1st Amendment rights. Twitter has banned and shadow banned people for having conservative views. That’s fascism! Twitter, you keep the servers running and ban those that are truly racist or threats violence. If they’re going on a political rant, leave them alone. 
When I try to compose a tweet at someone, I hit the “@“ symbol, and I no longer get a drop down menu of names to tweet at. It’s pretty annoying to have to type and remember everyone’s individual twitter handle now.   I don’t know how to fix this 
Luv used twitter
Saved search needs to be fixed. I only see 3 of my saved searches and I have to go on the actual website to add or remove searches
The software keeps crashing with the new iPhone iOS 11 even after the updates, videos get stuck or no new threads show up or it just freezes
Terrible design. The navigation is bad. The mute function doesn't work. The app tries to force you to do a bunch of nonsense that twitter thinks will make your experience better and they make it difficult or impossible to disable these things. Zero stars..
Please please please have the app auto-scroll/refresh from the top when new tweets come in.
This app is terrible for such a popular platform. I can be on WiFi or have full bars and the app will still say it’s offline or not connected to the internet.   Plus, the algorithm for the timeline is still one of the worst, next to Instagram. I don’t want to see post from 5min ago under a post from 2 days ago. 
I love it
If you follow anyone who is even slightly famous, everything they tweet will eventually send you a notification. There is no way to opt out of this.
The app has become increasingly slow with the latest version. The app freezes for several seconds after launching.
This gives me the availability to chime in on current events,I can pick what and who I choose too! Flexibility to share on key issues and to learn from leaders in nearly industry. I have a direct avenue to speak to different issues! A quick note to a friend and manage information for all of my actions and activities!
I love twitter and use it all the time. When I see tweets I wanna look at later, I like them. But recently my likes have been disappearing and there's no way for me to see them again.
I love the twitter app. I prefer it over the web version of twitter and night mode is an amazing feature. However there is one thing that I still can not wrap my head around.   It is 2018 and you still are not able to edit a tweet. I understand the point of tweets is to post in the thought moments that are set it stone and not very lengthy. That’s what makes Twitter, Twitter and i love it for that. I prefer it over Any social media app any day. However you can still have the same effect if you allow users to edit tweets for only a certain amount of time after they are published. And hour? 5 hours? 24 hours? It’s up to you but just let us edit tweets!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
maybe make it so the app won't crash whenever I try to send people memes
This is my favorite social media. One of the reasons is because I am blind. And Twitter is very accessible for my screen reader. Another reason is because it is just plain awesome! So far I haven’t found anything wrong, and I hope I never will. I definitely recommend getting this app. It’s fun, and as I said before, if you are blind, it’s very accessible.
On 4 separate occasions, I have seen people post about a weight loss solution they have. It’s never people I know, but I report them as spam and block the account. Then I notice that I see the same person and post AGAIN, so I block and report THAT account, before it happens again! These people are making up to 4 accounts to market their products, to the point that it’s spam now. I have blocked ten accounts for the same 3 people. This is getting out of hand and it seems Twitter is now letting people spam twitter to have an ad out. I wish they would fix it.
The blueish night mode just doesn’t cut it, especially on the new phones
The last 1-2 updates have made this app almost impossible to use at times. It’s completely frozen when switching between screens within the app or from other apps sometimes. And it stays frozen for up to 20 seconds until it establishes some connection and loads who knows what.
It is so funny!!!
Twitter permanently suspended my account after it was hacked. They never gave me any heads up it was hacked or suspended, permanently erasing hundreds of memories I have created over the past 5-6 years. This is a joke of a company and they never responded to any of my appeals except with an automated message that my account wouldn’t be reinstated as it broke the terms of agreement. Clearly they never took the time to look at my appeals or they would know it was hacked. I would give this company 0 stars if I could for negligent and basically nonexistent customer service and user protection.
This would be a great tool for civilized society if it didn’t violate your privacy and free speech rights. Free app shouldn’t mean signing your soul away.
nice
Always entertaining
I love it😈
Facebook is better and I got reported for not doing anything
Please stop saying you’re creating a safer environment for people who want to express themselves but then disable accounts for expressing themselves. You’re hypocrisy and bias for the left wing is humorous and, quite honestly, disgusting. Make twitter a safer environment by letting people say what they want how they want and not being backslid when someone with different opinions to those of your staff posts about their opinion or ideals.   Sincerely, a non-bias, truth seeker/ speaker, and concerned American trying to exercise my rights that you seem to disagree with. 
الشبكة الاجتماعية الاكثر انتشاراً و تطوراً
ممتاز جدا ً جدا ً
Everything is great except for the videos. I’ve had issues with this for many months. Sometimes it will either play the video without sound, or the sound with a frozen screen
Love but would love to see more current tweets in my feed
Bullying Is Very Serious, I Don’t Like Apps That Allow Bullying. If I Can’t Turn To Twitter To Make Their App A Save Place I Might As Well Protest. If People Are Allowed To Stay On Twitter After Clearly Being Hysterical & Treating Someone That Shows A Lot About Your Team.
Can’t quote tweets or reply, not sure why this got released
Excellent
This app is barely useable. It constantly freezes when you try to scroll and then suddenly clicks things you don't want to click. Then it crashes.
Twitter is great. But the app is mediocre. Why can't I see all my notifications? I have to use external apps to see all of my new followers. Have deleted and redownloaded multiple times. This is very aggravating.
Twitter not loading all the tweets from the hours I’m inactive. Also not seeing “show tweets you’ve missed” option. Please fix.
it would be nice if customer support would reply more quicker and let users get verified!
Gf
The Twitter app is on my phone, it shows me things based on what/who I follow and what I click on. I loved accessing Twitter on my laptop without logging into my account because it showed me things that I might miss because it doesn’t have any idea what or who I followed. PLEASE LET ME SEE TWITTER WITHOUT LOGGING IN, it really opens up my world to see things I might miss.    MY PAST REVIEW: They don't seem to be moments at all. I like twitter for news and what's happening. Sometimes it seems like what's trending on Twitter moments is random.    Past review: Now that there are more trending topics the descriptions are very vague. It's a waste of time to even Check out what's trending.   I also work long hours and when I check my Twitter feed I often find a box the asking if I'd like to see more tweets.  On either side of the tweets will be many hours apart.  While I appreciate the idea that I might not want to scroll thru all the tweets I missed, I find it frustrating that if I hit the box it takes me to a random place in my tweets.  I wish there was an option to stay or move forward.  Twitter is s great place to keep in touch with news from my state to the world! 
I enjoy the fast pace of twitter. The only reasons for only 4 stars is because of how little you can type and how easily a person can end up in timeout. It hasn’t happened to me personally but I have twitter friends that this has happened to. Especially, if a person is purposely trying to get a person in twitter trouble aka timeout.
Twitter is good but my likes disappear and I can never see me likes.
Great love Twitter
Why do you suspend my acc. I’m not doing anything wrong 😑
I can’t sign in 😠😠😠
Twitter is a service that has no respect for its users unless they follow their political ideology. They run a totalitarian service.
So I’m not sure if it’s me but when i watch a video on twitter and try to drag the time cursor back or restart the video it’s freezes the image but keeps playing with no audio or just freezes and resumes playing the last 9 seconds of the video Please fix User since before i can even really remember 
No matter how strong my wifi is, the app frequently locks up and crashes, whereas every other app requiring internet access works just fine. Additionally, in long threads, when I want to view replies to a tweet, the app lags, then jumps straight to the top of the thread, forcing very inconvenient scrolling. Much more worth it to use desktop twitter instead.
Twitter is the best if u wanna type random shot and it’s just so fun to scroll through at 3:00AM with blood shot eyes and a triple chin. Recommend it 100%!!!  Aproved by yours truly 😉
I got banned off twitter for no reason! And it’s not sending me a message nor is it an email!
Twitter is awful censoring people’s free speech... banning people from their site just because they have conservative views or because twitter does not agree with their beliefs... Twitter should be ashamed of them selfs trying to play god in the lives of people and one day it will come to bite them in the but... remember MySpace.. lol
I used to use Twitter on my iPhone 6 and when the iPhone X came out it doesn’t work or even download. Please update that
I must be doing something wrong.  I no longer am able to see other people’s replies to tweets.
If I catch up on Twitter activity in the morning, (tweets from last 12 hours) I don’t want to check in at lunch and have the starting point for the feed to be the beginning of the 12 hour stretch I’ve already viewed. Otherwise love the app.
希望淨化下twitter。識別故意煽動言論。
My timeline refreshes every 10 seconds and I barely have the chance to reply, quote, or favorite a tweet before it disappears. It’s super frustrating. There should be an option to turn auto-refresh off.
I love using twitter but I have an account I want to delete. And I don’t have access to a computer or laptop. PLEASE MAKE IT AVAILABLE TO PERMANENTLY DELETE AN ACCOUNT ON MOBILE
We need an edit button. I hate having to delete my tweets and have to tweet again because of a small error.
i use twitter almost all day every day. it has begun to lag and crash since the last update.
Y’all should make an explore section like how Instagram has.
Twitter is so far left that any right wing views will get you suspended.  Twitter is a democrat dream and suppress anything conservative. 
i don’t see what’s the whole point of having “tweets and replies” should’ve just kept it the old way. way better. 
Although the the app and service are not in any way bad, Twitter has a serious problem with the censorship of right wing personalities. It is definitely not okay to delete and censor the content of a group for no proper reason.
Hi I just wanted to let you know that where is the best app you guys ever made
For some reason videos will not play for me.. i click on them and they just sit there.. blurry
App constantly freezes while scrolling. Highly annoying.
Im trying to change my profile photo and it wont allow me. My settings say that twitter is allowed with my photos but why is it not working
Twitter’s CEO, Jack Dorsey is an extremist, ultra far Left liberal maniac who believes Twitter is his own little political playground where he gets to make up rules and kick people off the Twitter platform if he doesn’t like your political persuasion.  Dorsey is ruining Twitter and that’s sad.  Dorsey also uses unethical tools like shadowbanning (hiding posts of political opponents).  I hope Twitter’s Board wakes up and fires Dorsey but today, Twitter is a sad remnant if what it once was. 
Don't get me wrong, Twitter is my 100 percent fav social media app but wow, is it glitchy. i go on for a few minutes then it glitches out, freezes, turns black, and im back at the home screen. when i go back on, i am where i i had ended the last time before that i went on twitter. it is quite frustrating. it would be amazing if this could get fixed
The latest update causes scrolling to be super janky and is super frustrating to use.
I have loved twitter for years but within the last couple months I have grown to hate it & hardly use it now. When I read my timeline & then close out of the app having read the most recent tweets & go back in, my timeline starts off at like a day or two ago which are tweets I have already seen & not at all where I left off. It’s making me miss a lot of tweets I want to read and making me consider deleting my account and the app all together. Please fix this.
Zero customer service or help, the tiny amount of people they hire to actually handle problems have about two brain cells functioning. The app is rife with problems, they can’t figure out how to fix the most basic things, like the fact that once you enter your phone number even if you delete it, it will show up as connected to an account if you try to use it with another, despite the fact that it’s not connected to any account anymore. The BS with “shadowbans” is a joke, meanwhile there’s still insane amounts of porn, underage children engaging in illegal activities, racists, and tons more on there.  I’m not sure if it’s purposeful stupidity or if the company is really that poorly run. 
When I open the app, it would be great if I can view where I left off. It keeps opening to twits from days ago.
I have made my profile public, but just my followers see my stuff. I guess Twitter don't like what I have to say!!!!!
The app doesn't allow chronological order of tweets like it used to. It now forces a curated feed with tweets out of order and tweets you don't even want to see. It also pops a badge notification at random when there aren't any notifications.
Twitter has been known to block or sensor conservative tweets. Claiming to be a platform but controlling free speech is fascist.
Won’t let me see comments without making a stupid account. Why do I have to make an account to view comments on a post I’m trying to acquire more information about.
This app is a great way to keep the gossip going.  Even though it is a sin to do it fun for people to play along. The only bad thing is remembering to keep it short. They don’t tell you that in the beginning but you learn fast
This app is extremely useful for not only meeting people but for networking!!!! It’s absolutely amazing, since I’ve started using this app my company has tripled in profits!!!!!!!! I would recommend this app to everyone! Even my dog!!! It’s just that awesome!!! Thank you for helping me build teamgetmoney.net !!!!
Good
I’ve been on twitter seven (7) years, and I’ve witnessed with my own eyes the closing circle on conservative thoughts and expression. Twitter is creating an echo chamber for the far left and limiting the free speech of conservatives. Twitter will not survive the loss of a robust exchange of opposing ideas. Twitter will become a tool for limiting speech, rather than a great platform for a vigorous, open debate. :/
The twitter app does not work well with my iPhone. I has an iPhone 5 and now an iPhone 8plus and its very frustrating to use the twitter app. The scrolling and keyboard use freezes . PLEASE FIX!
An awful social media product seemingly designed to make you both miserable and addicted. Like cocaine without any of the fun.
I have iOS version 10.3.3, the latest one that can be installed on my iPad. After latest update Twitter app does not even launch.
They took the Twitter client for iPhone, and have essentially wasted the opportunity with a vanilla port of the UI & UX to the iPad.  Significant opportunity to open up lists or provide a tweetdeck style experience on the iPad Pro, yet I feel like its just a giant waste of space & potential.    Actively looking for other twitter clients that will provide a richer experience so I can keep up with my content & lists/active hashtags. 
100%
Why can’t I keep my profile private and therefore the tweets I just post to my profile versus still being able to comment publicly on posts from users I follow?? Facebook and Instagram both allow this. I am a huge fan of twitter but I like keeping my profile private but would still like to comment publicly on tweets from accounts I follow. Address this situation and I will five star!
Jack Dorsey, the white supremacist CEO of Twitter clearly thinks he deserves to be the CEO of two companies. Remove his white supremacy entitlement, depose him as CEO of Twitter and Stripe. Remove the white supremacists.
Recent updates make options harder to use.   Clicking on the follower requests, or followers or following list always goes to the TL instead. You have to click these lists a separate (second)  time in order to see them.   Suggestion: Can you please add an editing function? Also an option to make your tweets or people mentioning you in different colors to highlight them on the TL. (Other third party  apps have this and it's great.)  These features need to be optional:   'In case you missed it' - takes up too much of the TL.   The feature where I can see what other people liked, or who they followed.   We don't care. If we want to know we can stalk their own TL. 
Love reading comments, opinions and news on twitter!!!
I like Twitter because it allows me to evaluate for myself, I don’t need to hear filtered comments, especially with regard to politics. The application is well designed. I think users should use their real names not hide behind penn names. Some would think twice about posting inflammatory statements if the source were revealed.
Twitter is undefeated compared to all social media apps. Stays tru to self. Definitely not recommended for the weak hearted.
Thank you Guys for creating OnlyFans, any close guess for when it will be available in the Apple Store —USA?? 😭😭😭😭 or a link where I can download it from other country? 🙊🙊🙊🙊🙊
This app is very good
تطبيق ممتع وسهل
iPhone X on iOS 11.2.2 and this app has become almost usable. Slow and laggy.
Really good app and beautiful support Twitter.....:::::::.................. ..........::::::::::...........  ............::::::::::............. ..................::::::::::::............. ::::::::::...........:::::::::........... 
I don’t know how Twitter can tolerate the vile things he says, giving him a public forum to do it in. If he were anyone else, he would be reported and removed. Hold him to the same standards, Twitter. If you don’t have standards, get some.
3D Touch lags when opening web links. Please fix.
Every time I type a tweet on iPhone/iPad (not sure w/computer) to someone and then @ someone else midway, the entire thing erases. Additionally, I keep getting logged out of one of my accounts and having to re-enter the password. Twitter opens to the wrong account. Not the one I\'ve left open anymore particularly when I get emails that are linked to a specific account it opens to the wrong one.  Lastly AND most annoyingly, enough with the pop-ups showing us where things live in Twitter and what u can do with it. It\'s non-stop. I know how to use Twitter going on 8 years now. Pls stop!!! And fix these bugs pls. Everything is a broken disaster. Why do u always put out updated that are flawed and then never fix them. FB/Instagram rectify issues immediately. So shld u. 
All the trends, news, and Twitter feed is anti Trump & anti republican. Twitter blocks post from people I follow & suppresses free speech. I’ve seen terrorist post stay up longer than pro republicans post.  Also forces NFL trends that are barely even trending over trends that are showing trends about democrats that have committed felonies. Also thanks Twitter for spying on our private DM’s, I literally feel violated.
When I send a tweet, often times it doesn’t send unless I close the app and re-open it. It just gets stuck until I refresh it somehow. I get no error message or anything. When I close the app and open it again, my tweet sends. This has been going on for over a month, please fix 😞
Otherwise it is better with the 240.
I liked it better when Apple Watch had the Twitter app on but it works great either way
Constantly freezes!
It keeps blocking my account and I have to keep verifying my phone number and it keeps glitching out
Is a cool app
Very good and I also bought a stock for it
They let a lot of racist tweets slide. If people say they hate white people it’s apparently fine but if someone says that Islam isn’t a religion of peace they get banned! Fix this! We don’t need liberal bias!
I don’t know what’s going on with twitter but I just got an iPhone 8 and I can’t log in for the life of me. I go to safari and can but the app won’t allow me for some strange reason. Please fix this or help me if it’s just a single problem.
Videos lag every time I click one
Recent update makes scrolling through my feed very slow. Constantly pauses/freezes, almost seems like sponsored ads get loading priority at expense of user interface.
Excellent and fastest way to reply, to express and hear from others!!!
Hey if Uncle Don loves it how can it be anything but ledge-nary
i love this app so much
3 words: Too Much Porn.
👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽😂💜💜💜💜💜💜
It give alot of information in short time thanks for saving my time
Haven’t had Twitter freeze up on iPhone or iPad.   Enjoy interactions with like-minded Americans & our ability to converse quickly. 
La mejor de todas ..... amo Twitter
I’ve had no problems with this app until recently. All of a sudden, I’ve been randomly needing to take security tests because you guys claim to find ‘suspicious activity’ on my account, even though I’m not being hacked and the only activity on my account is simply me doing the typical things I do when I’m on this app. I honestly don’t see how the “I’m Not a Robot” security test could possibly prove that this is the actual account owner, as the tests are quite easy, making you only have to pick out the pictures with cars in them. This is also quite concerning, considering the fact that if someone actually was being hacked, all the hacker would have to do is take a simple test and that’s it. I recommend sticking to just verifying emails/phone numbers if you really want to see if it’s the actual account owner, rather than some pointless test that doesn’t solve anything. I’m honestly tired of having to deal with being locked out of my account and having to verify that I’m the actual account owner. You guys tell me that in order to avoid this from happening again that I should read the Twitter rules, which I have, and I haven’t broken any of them, quite honestly. I also recommend you guys be a little less strict with your rules, as ‘aggressive following’ is quite common amongst most people with a social media account, and should not be looked at as ‘suspicious activity.’ I should be able to follow/unfollow as much as I want and not have to worry about getting locked out of my account and having to verify that it’s me. As long as I’m not doing anything shady or illegal on my account, I shouldn’t have to worry about getting a security checkup. Honestly, this is pretty sad and pathetic, and just overall makes Twitter seem paranoid. Please mellow down on your rules so that people who use this app can be comfortable using it and not have to worry about getting locked out. I’d very much appreciate it if you guys fixed this problem ASAP. UPDATE: You guys haven’t been making me take any security tests for a little while, until today. I had to randomly take another security test to pick out the pics with cars in them due to ‘suspicious activity’ on my account. So what exactly is suspicious activity to you guys? I know for a fact that there’s no suspicious activity on my account. I even recently got it set up so that if anyone who’s not me tried to log into my account, they’d have to verify with an email. So you guys know for sure that this is me, and since this is obviously me, what’s the problem? Why the security checkups? Just makes me wonder if you guys even read these complaints. Until just now, I felt as if you guys read my complaint and fixed the problem, but now I feel like I could just send complaint after complaint to you guys, and it’ll just be ignored. So again, and this is the last time I’m gonna say this, please quit with the random security checkups, especially since I set up the login verification you guys let me have.
I hate that everything I exit out of the app and come back to it. It reloads but it reload to like a different page cause I can never see what I was just looking at before. Please change it
Give me an edit buttonnnn!!! I have to delete and retype tweets too many times and they aren’t even funny anymore. It’s 2018 give us edit buttons
that is all.
I was shadowbanned for using the hashtag #releasethememo, as were many, many others. Everyone should be aware that Twitter does many underhanded things to control trending and the dissemination of information.
BRING BACK THE PROFILE BUTTON!!!!! WHY IS THE REPLY BUTTON ON TOP NOW YOU FREAKIN MONSTERS?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Technically Twitter app is user friendly.  The concept behind it should be one of community, communication and free speech.  However, due to recent news of how integrity of the owners/ management, I am not sure they even deceive a whole star.
The most Marxist app there is. People, especially conservatives, are constantly blocked, and given the excuse “Cause you’re a Russian bots”. Lame excuse for a company. Btw, didn’t the CEO just step down? That’s cause he’s a commie, and he’s done been busted. #Releasethememo
I enjoy using Twitter
What’s not to love about Twitter? Right. You’ll love everything. The absolute best social media interaction with friends, celebs, and everyone in general from all over the world! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ follow me: @batman24_7 👍🏻😎
I love how we now get more characters, as an actress I want to say or type a lot. I can now do such thing... I appreciate Twitter taking notice of that with other users and giving a better version of this useful app! 🖤
Too bad Twitter keeps EVERY TWEET & PRIVATE MESSAGE that you have either sent, tweeted or even deleted !!! If Twitter doesn't agree or like your political affiliations, political views  or your tweets they shadow ban you or just outright ban you ! They censor, hide  or bury your content & opinions if they don't agree with them ! Very Liberal & do not allow any privacy using their services -they archive EVERYTHING SO BEWARE
Too much porn not being marked as sensitive disgusting app
Don't recommend Twitter at all. They don't want you to express your views, are hypocrites, and suspend your account for BS reasons.
The best application on the world
أنت ريشي وجناحي دفئي ياساجي الطرف ياأحوم يالطيف الجمال ثق كل دقه محبه مـ الألف لين الف ب T قلبي وصوتي يغرد معك 
The sandwiched link “show more tweets” is very annoying in the feed. I would prefer to swipe in one direction instead of back pedaling, searching through sandwiched tweets. I’ve been missing a lot of tweets recently.
I use Twitter a ton, and this app has always been good. This last version is SO glitchy though. If I type ‘@‘ and select a users handle, the entire tweet vanishes for about 10 seconds, then finally reappears. Same thing with pasting things in. Also, when I discard a tweet, the next time I open the app, it presents it to me as if I were in the middle of composing it. Overall, this app has become too frustrating to use to compose tweets.
This app is excellent, but it should allow video to be played in the background like some other apps do.
Good app. Make a widget for it!!!!
Nuff said
They suspended my account because I post conservative information. Bye Twitter.
I like the “while you were away” feature which makes it easier to check Twitter less frequently, but I would appreciate a true black theme. The current dark mode, with its grey background, looks silly on an iPhone X.  Black is black—pixels off—not dark grey.
So I’ve noticed when I’m looking at Twitter moments and there is a photo, I can click on it to make the text disappear but sometimes it’s hard to see things in some photos I want to zoom in but I can’t maybe this is something that could be improved?
Actual
I love twitter but it really needs a edit tweet button I get so tired of have a mistake & having to delete my tweets and retype them it gets so frustrating so can you please make a edit tweet button thank you!
Says it’s a place to show and post ideas/opinions but you get censored if it has anything to do with the right. Just does not make sense since social media is meant to bring people together and let them get to know other peoples views and thoughts.
Hope it doesn't go down that path.
Always crashing.
Tenía más de 100 dms con famosos y gente cuando de la noche a la mañana los perdí.  Que mal está twitter 
Enough already! WHAT updates? WHAT did you “update”? Exactly WHAT has changed?? I want the details.
App is ok but the support for dems is obvious. There shouldn’t be favoritism ya’ll. But then look at Google. Ugh
Delete the app - controlling opinions and minds - Bye Bye Twitter!! #ReleasetheMemo  By the way FakeNews, I am from Indiana not Russia!! 
When you Like something it doesn’t stay in Chronological Time Order! It’s something to do with the Apple IPhone Most Updated iOS Versions & Twitter! I use twitter on an older apple iPhone with iOS 10.3.3 and the Likes stay in Chronological Order and that’s with using twitter’s most Recent Version. The newer versions of the Apple iOS systems has Bugs with the twitter App and makes what you Like go anywhere in no set order! Hopefully Twitter can come out with an update that works flawlessly even with the most recent iOS that Apple puts out! Hope the Developer Can Fix This, Thanks!
Constant lag/freezes when scrolling on iOS 11 (on an iPhone 6). Makes it very frustrating to use.
As far as I can say , #SUPPORTYOURPASSIONS
For a collective of people who claim to be “Anti PC and Unapologetic” they sure do love to whine and complain. Nothing but a pack of beta males who will believe anything written on a meme or tweeted by a Russian twitter bot. So gullible. So cringy. So pathetic. The president is garbage and lost the popular vote by 6 Million....get over it.
I just love Twitter
Let me tell y'all a little something. This isn't your avg social media app. If you from Facebook, and all you do is waste your time watching the same "oddly satisfying"/Tasty videos, you may not be ready for what you are about to encounter. This new universe.. it's both a battlefield and a jungle. Scrolling through the thick grass, you never know what you're going to find out here. No one is safe. Man your stations, pull up your pants, because once you enter the Twitter world, there really is no going back.
Yet another “update to make Twitter a better place” but no information about what is being updated. Give us the details please.
I am set a limit, what? I am not a bot and I am trying to build my support. Enough with the limit Twitter!
For someone they took my likes away from my tweet. F twitter
Been a few updates since I’ve been able to @ someone. In order for me to have a conversation I need to go to their page and then click new tweet, any help or advice would be helpful!
are the nazis gone?
I would switch to the native Twitter app permanently if we had the choice of seeing  only users’ username (example: @username) instead of the full name. People change their full name almost daily but keep the same username. That way, we know who we are interacting with or getting notifications from. This is a feature all 3rd party clients have offered for YEARS. The native app needs to get with the times.
I love the app, but I am a voiceover user and when I try to create lists, the application crashes.
I retweet things I want to retweet, and I like things I want to like. If I like and retweet something, people don’t want to see it twice. Why even have a like button if you just show everyone the tweet anyway??? I thought this would have been corrected by now. This has been a problem for a while...
When I start typing after a link, the link and title of article disappears. Try again!
I love Twitter! I almost go on Twitter every day but there’s only one thing.. I really hate that random people keeps following you! Because once I gained 30 followers on my account.. idk if anyone else has this problem but I think it’s bots... they also speak a different language (I think Arabic) but it just doesn’t stop! Otherwise I rate this app 5 stars because I love it
videos play for a few seconds then the picture freezes and the sound continues to play
Periodic problem with feed freezing and not scrolling smoothly, generally not responsive.  I should just stay off Twitter though since the more important issue is that they don't enforce their own policies. If they did Trump's account would be shut down- and the world would be a better place.
My long held suspicion that Tweeter was up to no good, spying and censoring on its users, mostly based on political and social views that @Jack and other Tweeter top brass don’t cop with, has been confirmed.  Being a free platform, I understand that Tweeter will use my data to profit; so nevertheless, I’m paying for the right to use the platform, therefore #censorship of my speech or anyone’s right to free speech, it’s wrong. And in the case of Tweeter, also borderline illegal. 
The only problem I have is that I’m hearing of too many cases of Twitter canceling people whose beliefs don’t agree with Liberals/the Left.  That’s an infringement on free speech!
🤔
Are we still shadow banning folks?
I'm new to twitter. There's quite a learning curve. The one thing I don't like is when I open it it doesn't go to the beginning for the newest tweets. Overall its very good and I'm loving the news. I use facebook for family and twitter fir news
Twitter can be a great tool for communication purposes if it would STOP CENSORING conservative & christian views!!! It can also be used for networking, promoting, activism, fundraising, etc. however it’s increasing intolerance for those of faith & conservative values is not just horribly wrong but scary. #freespeech #americanvalues
Okay, it’s 2018. Let me edit tweets already!!!
Nobody can see my posts. Faulty app.
I hope there is an investigation and you are required to make drastic changes on privacy.
Great app
I only use Twitter because of President Trump. Twitter is biased / does not hold true to American principals such as free speech. Once President Trump no longer uses Twitter there will be zero reasons to continue using this format.
Very bias news media. Nothing like an app removing your freedom of speech!
Super laggy! Scrolling is just horrible, not smooth at all.
I need you to help me!!! I really can't stand this HUGE space on the side of my iPhone 6 Plus screen! It's space that you're stealing and it's not fair for loyal users! Help me please!!!  I repeat: IPHONE 6 PLUS!!! Pleaseeee!   Plz notice that horrible HUGE gap between the left side of the screen and my chats? And notice how THAT is not on your App Preview?   Please, fix that NOW! 
Works great!! Simple and reliable
Please allow us to drag media FROM the app!!!!!!!! At least tumblr allows this. When I look at pictures I want to save the FULL SIZE picture by dragging and dropping—not pressing and hold to save. Let us drag and drop from the app!!
Always crashing, slow to load. Keeps signing me out automatically each time I close app.
I’ve had Twitter for almost 5 years now, and it’s still my favorite social media site. 10/10 -ign
What else can I say...
You used to be able to customize your notifications to see who liked and retweeted your tweets, even if they didn’t follow you (assuming they weren’t private.) This feature has been stripped. I have met a few friends this way, and I feel it limits the use of social media. SOCIAL media. If I don’t like what someone has to say, I can block them, but that should be my choice. Support refuses to acknowledge this even though I have brought it up twice, so I will assume it’s not limited to myself.
Warning! This site is monitored and run by intolerant liberals who believe they rule the world. If they don’t agree with what you post or the opinions you express, they will delete your post and ban you from using the site. They collect all your private information, including stuff you’ve deleted and sell it for their own profit. Other than that it’s a good app and fun to use.
It’s a basic video meme app, but the ads are really annoying. I ended up paying $6 to remove the watermark and the ads. I’ve never had an app have so many pop up ads! They interfered with getting the video done.
Enjoyed being able to see other opinions and sharing own views. I hope in the future twitter adds an edit mode so that one can correct/alter comments w/o having  to delete and repost. If it already exists, please let me know.
If your views don’t align politically with Twitter (very liberal), then they will shadow ban you. This means that tweets you posted will not been seen by others, however you will not know this has occurred other than the lack likes and retweets. Twitter’s goal is to squash conservative Christian views on this site. Please google Project Veritas for the story on this as well as the You Tube video of secret interviews with former and current Twitter employees that confirm this practice.  Twitter is effectively killing free speech which is what the platform was designed for.
Tapping on a tweet while in locked screen, opens Twitter with no password requirement.  Then you can simply click home button, and phone opens up with no password.  Also, not receiving tweets in real time. All tweets are coming in HOURS after original tweet.  Sometimes next day.  Disappointed.... Deleted it. 
It censors conservative outlets while promoting liberal ones. I’m leaving for a better product
I'm addicted, I'm in love. If you follow the right people you'll find this app incredibly interesting. So what are you waiting for stop following your dreams and follow me instead.   Thank you anD GOODNIGHT NIGHT FROM NEW YORK CITY!   If you came here looking for something about the technology and how it works on a phone all I gotta say is that I don't mind it showing some weird stuff every once in a while or freezing once in a blue moon as long as I get to see some comedy gold. 
Everything about the app is great except I keep having this problem where the app will open at the same spot on my timeline each time, even though I scroll to the top it always goes back down to the same spot. It does this with a few different spots throughout the day.
I’m happy to say that I’ve only ever experienced minor booting issues with twitter and not much worse (as opposed to complete disasters such as Facebook). However, a few of my friends and I have noticed that notifications (the red button with the number) often linger for several hours after checking and clearing our Twitter notifications. In other words, it’s a phantom notification that doesn’t notify anything. This might either be a small bug or problem with our phones but it gets annoying to look at after a while.
I love using Twitter and have been on it for years. the new update makes tweets you have unliked still appear under the “Liked” tab of your profile. What’s going on??
Please add the Apple Watch app back. I actually used it to scroll through. Please add the “trending” and “today’s moments” features to the Apple Watch app.
Bring square twitter back
Please add more characters. It would make tweets better and more fun.
Twitter is cool n all but u know what else is? When people like ur stuff enough to rate it themselves rather than being bugged every other day to tell the world how u feel about tweets about bad memes and politics.
I love everything about it! Super easy to use and a few changes but overall so great!
Muy buena app!!
Gufycjcvjjvjcyxzyc
Tweeter is a convenient app for free were you can stay updated on all of the action and news.I recommend this app to anyone that wants to stay updated on all politics or any news. I love this app
To be completely honest I only go on twitter to laugh at and make fun of liberals who are losing their minds over President Trumps every action. Other than that the app is fine. Sure, I live a petty existence....but it makes me happy to see liberals miserable  #MAGA 
I love Twitter but can’t read the comments.  Is this a recent change?  What’s the point if you can’t participate in a conversation?
Twitter chose to operate a social media site for profit. You also chose to silence people you hate on your social media site. It’s your business, but silencing people is wrong. Lying about it is wrong too. I pray you fix it.
The only problem is that the program does not save the last thing you browsed
So this is a new issue I’m having with twitter - taking me all the way back to the top of a TL after interacting with a post. seriously, the most annoying thing ever. any post with a pic, conversation, video etc needs to be interacted with. but I choose not to nowadays. I’m staying off twitter until this is fixed. These apps have been super annoying lately
Why no update
Twitter seriously needs an edit button. I’m so tired of having to delete something just cause I can’t edit it. Other than that it’s fine.
System controls are to slow for blasting audio.
Made an account a few days ago, have already been locked out twice. I have never posted anything threatening and do not want to. The only thing I can imagine is people flagging me for right-leaning views and Twitter taking action based off it. Extremely disappointing.
Title says it all, I don’t wanna see what Twitter thinks is newsworthy, quit shoving crap down our faces and let us enjoy the app.
Twitter needs to go out of business it’s horrible. My friends don’t even use it and I’m the only one that does. I will be re-evaluating my relationship with Twitter. Will delete my account soon.
I have Twitter I think it’s good but instagram is better
Very little support for an issue I’ve had for over a month where my @ mentions when composing a tweet does not autofill or autocomplete. Happens on all devices and computers. Help!
am sorry but the new user interface aesthetic is clunky & downright just looks bad, I can’t be the only one who feels this way. Twitter 👏🏻 bring 👏🏻 back 👏🏻 the 👏🏻 square-y 👏🏻 theme 👏🏻 please
Good for keeping up with your favorite people and friends. And some tea🍵 anyway good!
This app has turned into to trash recently. They censor conservative accounts, and liberals get away with whatever they want. If you report them, you get a message that means jack squat, and the worst thing is, is they are shadow banning multiple accounts.   If a person has 1,000 followers, and they get maybe 1 retweet, and 1 like a day, there is obviously something going on. I have notifications turned on for multiple accounts, and I have to look them up.   Liberals just report conservative accounts as spam, and twitter is all to happy to shadow ban them, since it’s more than obvious you ARE NOT POSTING SPAM!!!   DON’T ADVERTISE AS A FREE SPEECH PLATFORM, WHEN YOU CLEARLY FAVOR SPEECH THAT DOESN’T OFFEND YOUR LIBERAL STANCE!!! 😡 
I’ve downloaded and deleted this app so many times. It never loads tweets. So frustrating.
Very cool app better than FB I love this app
Needs landscape on iphone, can’t tell you how annoying it is to have to type everything in portrait mode.
Censorship of opposing views and ideas.
One of my favorites!!
By far the only relevant social media, news, politics, science, and any other social source you could think of.
It’s a good app but when I go though my timeline and swipe out of the app after when I reopen the Twitter app it acts as if I didn’t just go though my timeline. For example, I will go through me timeline from the past hour and swipe the app then when I enter the app again it’s still at the same spot as it was before I checked my timeline. Please fix this, it gets really frustrating looking through the same tweets twice.
Muy util para estar 100% informado
Twitter was caught on hidden camera admitting to shadow banning conservative views.
It’s a good forum that both the ignorant and intelligent alike have access to others more personal side. You can control whom you wish to know their more non objective side.
Almost ten years and you're still with me.
THIS IS THE SINGLE GREATEST SOCIAL MEDIA APP OF ALL TIME. DO. NOT. @. ME.
For an app that seems to be responsible for most political crisis in our country, it needs much improvement. Not as smooth as one would expect.
The best app ever.
I enjoy using Twitter daily to keep up with the news, current events, and different activities with friends and family.
I like the app, hate the social engineering.
everyone's turning soft af I hate my generation, don't download if you can't take a joke or think there's more than 2 genders
If you are interested in free exchange of ideas, this is not the place for you.  I used it to mainly to have direct contact with politicians but since my opinions went against approved speech, I was locked out.  I hear gab may be the way to go.
love the app. but for some reason it recently started removing everything that i’ve retweeted by itself. quite annoying.
Why can’t I see all the comments anymore?
Until they end their attack on free speech, this is the best they will get from me.
When a app as popular as this decides to ban conservative views or anything “they” feel is inappropriate then what’s the point? Wish I had another form of twitter to use that wouldn’t be so hypocritical.
#shadowban
Best app to use to make fun of Dump and his peeps 👍
The app is groovy
Perfect
They suspended my account indefinitely because I was being harassed and right called racist slurs , but all of the other accounts are still up and running. I have never been so upset over twitter. I've had my same account for years and have developed many friendships over this time. It's disgraceful
Every time i get in twitter the app says "Your Account Is Locked" And then it froze so i had to make a other account and said the same thing so I ended up deleting Twitter.(P.S Snapchat and Instagram is better Get a life Twitter.)
I had successfully used Twitter on my iPhone for several years, however when I recently updated it, the icon disappeared. I tried deleting the app and reinstalling it from the App Store but I cannot download it. I am beyond disappointed.
I love using twitter but i don’t appreciate the fact that i have to keep verifying that im not a robot 🤦🏾‍♀️an my account is constantly being locked for no reason
For months now, my timeline won’t leave off at the same place if I close the app. I always have to reread loads of tweets I’ve already seen because it won’t save my progress. The only way it will is if I close the app, open it again, refresh it, then close it again. Another issue is my likes tab; it’s not showing everything I’ve liked. Only the stuff from the past month or so is showing up. Please fix!
Perfect app which is only missing the ability to edit tweets.
Is this the update where you guys stop censoring conservative speech? Or is it the update where you bury us further down the algorithm @jack?
App overall is well, though I prefer the laptop. But after sharing an Instagram picture Y account was closed for NO JUSTIFIABLE REASON alleging counterfeit policy when I do not even sell anything, not a warning, nor an evidence of what they were saying. I used my account for administrating business pages and lost it all because of their negligence...
Pauses my music for no reason at all 100% of the time I’m on the app and it’s infuriating
Twitter secretly bans people with Certain points of view. (Look up project veritas on youtube) This is an incredibly bias app. I don’t recommend it whatsoever.
The Twitter Social Justice Warriors and their censorship are a joke!
I want to see tweets in real time, not an algorithm. This is obviously planned by TPTB so people have a harder time organizing protests and such. They cater to the white supremacists, inc our false President, just for clicks. Once this was a great app.
Very nice
The title says it all... 128gb NEW phone (DON’T blame the battery) have to shut down the app close it in the background and restart to use it for 5 min!!! 😡
Twitter decides what you see and what you don’t based on their political views. Cast a vote for freedom by deleting this app.
Awesome
Remember when Twitter had different apps that you could tweet from and nobody used the actual app? Now... Twitter is the biggest thing and we can’t stay off of it! Thanks for continuously updating and getting better with time! ♥️
honestly I just want to save some gifs, why can’t we already?
很多特性还是不太好用，比如图片链接浏览这些问题。
The latest version on iOS 10 is extremely buggy. Long pauses constantly all of a sudden. I experience this on my phone and iPad. You have to swipe the app to close it and restart it to work properly again.
After skipping the best tweets at the top, the next tweets I see are over a day old.  I don’t see any new tweets from the current day.
Anti freedom of thought and freedom of speech. Non SJWs need not access!
Twitter is garbage. The dumbest of the dumb. Rudest of the rude. Don’t waste your time.
Great keep updating just love it.
Weed out the anti-Trump low brows that hold high positions within Twitter.
twitter is a fun place to watch everyone argue over opinions and funny memes. If you can't take a joke you probably won't enjoy it.
I can’t believe your employees would try so block/ censor Trump or use his or anyone else’s information against them
ya did shane wrong.
Twitter es la mejor aplicación que existe para enterarse y estar al día con la noticias más recientes, sin duda alguna me gusta en un 100%
اا
Nice
I've updated this hell cause of not loading pics. After update i I've got this crappy unusable design...
Ever since I updated... lag lag lag. I can’t scroll through my timeline at all without it freezing. Search in Twitter “Twitter slow” and you’ll see all the other people having this problem.
It’s a really good app and I do really like it, I would rate 5 stars. But they need to do something about Mark Dice. All he does is put people down and offend. He shouldn’t be allowed to post and I don’t even know why he’s verified? I’ll rate 5 starts when twitter can take care of a**holes.
Love the function provided for us!  Able to reach such a broad audience AND receive a plethora of data and photos from rich sources too. However, it is so easy to use it can be abused.  Careful what you tweet...Twitter sometimes exercises control to censor comments if it doesn’t comply with their philosophy or agenda.  This is what I fear.
Would use again. I love twitter
So this week i received a error that’s said my account has been lock or suspended and i should change my password immediately! I’m trying to change my password but the link keeps taking me in circles so i can NOT change my password. It’s be a few days now , and it’s very frustrating. Whenever i log back in I’m deleting my account because this makes no sense WHATSOEVER!
I don't have iOS 11 and I think because of that the app keeps crashing and it's really annoying otherwise everything's good but please fix this bug I really would rather not have to update !!
Latest version often fails to load & show replies. Please fix.  And while you're at it, quit applying two different sets of rules to your users. A violation of the ToS is a violation, no matter how popular/"news-worthy" the person perpetrating the violation is. 
Not sure why twitter can’t figure it out, but it always freezes, can never rotate smoothly and multiple times a day, shuts itself down.
App lags when scrolling, sometimes doesn’t even respond to swiping. Notifications tab is arbitrary - doesn’t show the tweets from people you selected to receive push notifications for, just some “in case you missed it” tweets. The “in case you missed it” section should be able to be disabled - I literally just want the feed I subscribed to, in the order it arrived. The confusion is exacerbated by the lag during scrolling.   Please make this app work on the fastest device Apple offers - I don’t know how people with older phones are even using it. On my old iPhone 6S I get too frustrated and just close the app. 
I love Twitter. It's my primary news source. But it needs work.   Using it between devices is a headache. Even with Background Refresh enabled, it doesn’t update or sync across devices, meaning you have to catch up on each device.  It needs work on iPad, because there's a lot of wasted space in landscape orientation. I'd love to see columns added: the main feed on the left and opened articles on the right.  Please add True Black Mode for those with OLED devices.  Potentially add support for multiple feeds with different, user-built, interest-based groups (news, friends, humor, sports, etc) 
Same thing
On June 25, 2016, I met a girl I thought was cute and funny on twitter. Today, we’re engaged and moving in together. Thank you, twitter.
still wishing i could edit tweets, though.
After 10-15 min of use on an iPhone X, I’m regularly hitting performance issues where the app stalls while scrolling and fails to register some taps. Force quitting and restarting the app temporarily fixes it.
Lightens up my day
The last update to the application for iPhone produced an unacceptable lag in loading new date and scrolling. I’ve deleted and reloaded the app, and a few other things, but it is just unusable. 
yall should like delete trumps twitter.
... my complaint is more about the platform. Allow for edits! Sometimes you just make a silly typo or grammar error and want to edit the post real quick but the Twitter demons make you delete the whole post, re-type it, and post again. Sometimes the moment has past by the time the fixed post publishes. Now the trolls on Twitter will accuse you of deleting your post because it was inaccurate or because you are embarrassed, but all you wanted to do was add an apostrophe to ‘its!’ Twitter went from 140 characters to 280 but still won’t let users edit their posts?!? This shouldn’t be too difficult. The grammar police are begging the Twitter gods. Just let us edit!
Not happy with the problem that I’m having right now I can’t get in my account it keeps saying try again later so I was wondering if you can fix that please.
I really don't like how I can't listen to a podcast or song while browsing twitter. It automatically takes over my headphones, playing videos thay haven't even been clicked on but are just in a tweet, and forces me to stop what I'm doing and restart what I'm listening to. It's a small inconvenience that affects me ever time I open the app.
...been sticking for the last week or 2. It starts out fine, then sticks before it scrolls. After force closing and reopening, it’s fine until it happens again in an hour.
Just live it!
The way people treat others on here is abhorrent.
I love Twitter because I can honestly express myself and not worry about backlash, because I don’t really care if someone disagrees with me. I think their motto should be “If you don’t have anything Nice to say, get a Twitter account“
I love this app, I really do. I just wished it would load long threads from the center rather than only from the beginning. It would make reading through conversation much easier and more efficient. Thank you!
Twitter is a great app, I use it for everything. It’s literally become a part of my daily routine. But for the past few days it’s literally been unusable? Whenever I click on an icon (ie home, messages, search) it freezes for a solid minute or two, and when It finally loads it’s still unusable. It lags like crazy to the point where when i try to scroll it won’t even move for a minute. I literally can’t go on the app without being so frustrated. Please fix, I’ve tried everything (logging out and back in, deleting the app, refreshing )
Has become unusable on my iPhone 6 on iOS 10. Lags and freezes and can take up to a minute before I can start scrolling. Tried re-downloading the app and had the same results. Hope this gets cleared up.
Twitter has a bug right now where you are unable to hang your header and profile picture , screen just turns black!
Please do another update because Î can’t see no videos on Twitter
You guys should add back apple watch support for the apple watch would love to see it come back awesome app though
I f*cking love twitter.
Waiting ...
It’s so stupid to go through a thread and once you leave the page jumps all the way back to the tops it makes me want to stop using the app please fix this bug
Twitter is probably my favorite thing on the planet and this app does it great justice
If you have an iPhone X and look at someone’s page then you can see that the notch at the top blocks a good portion of the cover photo which is really annoying and unpleasant to look at. My cover photo is minimalistic which looks great but it is totally ruined by it being cut off by the notch please do something to update this to where the cover photo isn’t cut off by the notch at the top.
This app is perfect i love it
🔥🔥💯💯
ممتاز حبيت كتير هالبرنامح راااائع 😍
It won’t let me look at replies on post please fix this
some of my retweet’s and likes don’t pop up on my account and sometimes they do. AND MAKE AN EDIT BUTTON FOR TWEETS
Updating my previous 2 star rating to a solid 4 star rating.  App works great now.  Why only 4 Stars?   Because Twitter could, and should, focus more attention on 'lists'.  Let us have a search option, a 'sort by...' option (last added to, most used, oldest, last edited, etc...).  We should be able to Follow members of a list with 1 click, and unfollow all those members just as easily.  I can't have as meaningful a Twitter experience following thousands of ppl all at once as I can if I'm allowed to MUTE and UNMUTE certain populations.  This is where lists come in handy.  I Follow a fraction of the accounts I would if I was allowed to Mute and Unmute at my discretion.  Because of this the number I Follow is less than 1,000. However, the number of ppl I have listed far exceeds how many I actively Follow.  This allows me to have meaningful interactions within specific areas of interest.  Keep up the great work, Twitter! 
Ever since IOS10 when you close out the app it doesn’t save where you left off on the timeline And for whatever reason, it saves where you are on the timeline if you go to home screen, swipe left/right, then close out the app Annoying and wished it be fixed already Been like 2-3 months now 
Very easy and intuitive to use. Great stability also. Useful tool for following others.
Twitter is my fave app for multiple reasons. The biggest reason is because I find so many underground artists of every color that I can share ideas with and learn from. Not only that but the twitter following is lesser than most social media apps which makes it easier to communicate with people whom you have interest for. I love it.
Some of my sent/received DMs have disappeared from conversations on the app but are still visible on the website.
Great for indie artist exposure! Follow me for good hip hop music! 
First I could not read the comments under a specific post from my iPad, now lost ability from my phone.  Even posting a comment does not unlock the comments. Please fix or I will delete my account. I can’t be the only one that is experiencing this issue.
I can't use this app for ten seconds without the scroll locking up. I've complained several times with no response. Also, too many Nazis!
When I got Twitter I didn’t realise that it would have the funniest people who post the funniest things 😂.
Good app
I LOVE TWITTER. But the app suspended my account like twice for no reason. And I keep contacting them but they don't want to respond, so if you're reading this now.... contact a sis... overall great app it can make me laugh until I cry I love it so much that's why I'm so mad that my account is suspended! Anyways 5 stars regardless!
What kind of app says in its agreement that you can't threaten violence, then allows Trump to threaten nuclear war? Have some integrity, Twitter. Before you get us all vaporized preferably.
Twitter app is cool😎👍🌳.
This is by far my favorite social media, It has everything you can ask for, but I digress the app has a weird navigating system that is awkward for new twitter users to learn what is going on.  Also I would like to add that when ever I want to go back it always clicks on the users twitter banner and that is really annoying. 
The app works horribly on the iPhone X. Scrolling halts every few seconds and the feed just freezes.
Less negative political noise PLEASE.  Social media doesn’t need to react or tolerate taunts and name calling. This isn’t a playground where the bystanders must watch the bully edge on another. 
Why is it only stuff I might miss
if there was a way I could rate an app 0 I would use it on this app, it is horrible, it buffers way to much and crashes every time I try to use it TRASH
For some reason i am unable to read replies on any tweets and threads dont work
App still tracks your location without your permission. Even if you turn this off in settings.
Whenever I refresh my timeline, then close the app, it takes me back to hundreds of tweets ago!! STOP!!!!!!
I love Twitter it’s so useful and easy to stay in touch with friends and family
I like this app to post random things & to see other people's random things. But don't get me wrong, I also use it to check the news and what's trending. However there are a couple things that I'm disappointed about. I don't like that it notifies me when my followees tweet something and it's not that they tagged me. Another thing is that when you look at photos or gifs on their gallery, they're not attached to the tweet/caption that they're related to. Please bring that back!
I came back to Twitter after an absence because it’s become a societal utility - a platform for breaking news, staying current and staying connected. I moved out of my hometown but I love watching NBA games with Twitter up because I still feel apart of my hometown community.
This app is super sluggish, like too much work is being done on the main thread.
it's a very good
زور موقع منتديات البشرى الأسلاميه والنباء العظيم ولاتحكم قبل ان تطلع
I like Twitter a lot. I would add a few changes, though. I would like the profile available in one click. And it would be nice to add a voice messege feature in the direct/private message section. Also I would like a button for turning individual tweets as private or public.
By far my most favorite social media app. I love the night mode so it's easier on my eyes. It's the best way to get your short thoughts out or even a funny joke or two! It's the easiest way to find out news in real time. I could go on and on!
Super slow and buggy since the last couple updates. They screwed up a good app.
In the iPad version of this app, there are tons of bugs with the notification settings. We turned off notifications within the app for “likes” and “retweets”, yet the app STILL NOTIFIES US FOR LIKES AND RETWEETS!! Developers, please fix ASAP!!!
Your inability to ban a maniacal tyrant who chooses of his own free will to threaten the world.
Twitter is undefeated...
If you want to get uncensored content, you get it from Twitter, no other social media can claim they don't censor the content.
The App overall is good. It does crash from time to time forcing me to delete it and reinstall. Great way to reach a large audience for your business/ agenda/etc Though I believe that Twitter tries very hard to ensure their platform is a safe place for all voices to be heard the violations of the  RULES  here are not enforced nor is Twitter following the guideline that are in place by their company. There are easy options to report violations for example; a president threatening nuclear war. The reporting was easy, I was prompted to select the recent Tweet and promised a resolution. But there is never a follow up. So you’re left wondering what happened and if it will happen again. Not a safe place sometimes based on that.    There is a great deal of bullying from powerful people and their accounts are still active in spite of reporting. But, some people may make statements others do not like BUT are within the margins of the Rules set in place yet are punished for the statement while others continue causing world wide mayhem. So just remember that rules seem to apply only to those who are average citizens, sometimes, depending on the day and time. However if you are rich and powerful you can do and say anything. This way you are prepared as to what your experience will be like. 
Dis boss mothatruckin app is a mothatruckin fantasy come true mothatrucka! I mothatruckin use this app 24/7 365 and mothatruckin  Facebook and mothatruckin Instagram don't even come close to the mothatruckin bossness of this mothatruckin app!!!!!!! Juicy out.
Love love love Twitter! Best app ever for keeping up with current events and trends!
I’m not getting any push notifications despite me having turned on in the app and in my phone settings. I have to go to the app just to see my mentions and stuff. It’s disappointing.
I love destroying social justice warriors and triggered Hillary Clinton voters.
First time I ever used twitter, everything was going fine setting up my account but then once I'm done a few minutes pass by while I'm looking at a video and I'm locked out of my account! I got frustrated so I did the, are you a robot? Test and then it asked me to put in my phone number which I don't have. I don't have a phone I got twitter on my iPad. So I logged out and started another account and then, not ten minutes pass by and I get locked out again while I was reading some tweets! I am not willing to make another account have the same darn thing happen again. Please fix this Twitter or let me back into my account.                From,                          Yolis 
I would really like to be able to unretweet old retweets and unlike old likes... I don't understand why that's impossible to do. Please please make it possible!!!
They let an orange colored excrement smear feces all over the place and don't have the decency to at least clean it up. Now it's all smelly and nasty.
i've been using twitter for a lil less than a decade. when i hear some news, twitter is the first place i check. i love twitter. i'm not on it as heavy, i still check daily just not ALLLL day like the younger me. can't wait to see the app continue to prosper.
Ever since the most recent two updates the app has become super slow and frequently doesn’t respond to touch. It’s very frustrating to use. Images are particularly problematic- if I try to scroll down and an image or link is in the frame it won’t respond to touch gestures properly.
No matter what, it always shows as I have new notifications after I stop using it for some hours. That's just spam and forcing the user to open it. TOO ANNOYING.
Nice app 👍🏽♥️❤️
every time I try to go into my drafts the app crashes :/
There’s an issue with the profile photo. It’s adding a black border to the right and bottom of image. Seen the same exact thing on multiple profiles
Twitter won’t let people unlike certain tweets after they have already liked them, please make a update & fix it. thank you.
Notification badges don’t clear after I open the app and check them.  I have to open and close the app a second Time on iPhone 8 Plus.  Also I am pretty sure my time line is not chronological any more even though I told it to be.  —— I am pretty sick of the notifications not working exactly.  I still use the original Twitter app because the notifications are easier to figure than Hootesuite's, but... Most of the time I have to sort through the accounts I manage just to fine what account notified me.  And even then, I find nothing.   Since I am not sure they know about this I will contact them. 
IVE BEEN LOCKED FROM MY ACCOUNT FOR No reason
I use many phones in one day. And when i save some tweets in drafts in my first phone. After i use my other phone to tweet i can't find the tweets i have saved in drafts. They are not there. And we need a bookmark for save tweets only us can watch it.   Thank u for ur concern. 
While the msm can no longer be trusted on their report, at least I can go to the source to get the real reports. Thanks a bunch
For months I haven’t been able to use the search feature on my Twitter app. My husband doesn’t have this problem on his phone. It always says “internet connection appears to be offline”, but I can use the rest of the app
Web links stop working please fix
Upside; ability to sound off & learn issues & my ability to contribute ideas & news.  Downside NSA & other spies to know about everything about you.
It is super annoying in the Trending Moments that if you click on a picture to hopefully zoom on it or open the underlying tweet, you end up “liking it” possibly without noticing. Please make the trending moments consistent with these regular Newsfeed in this regard, not consistent with Instagram. It’s misleading.
Great best humor if heard in a while
Twitter has kicked me off both of my accounts numerous times throughout this week alone, causing me to constantly verify my account, change my passwords, etc. This NEEDS to be fixed NOW!
Twitter connected people in a way no other social media can, which surprised me. They all have their specialties but Twitter is unique. Made even better with an increased character limit of 280. It is less topically restrictive and very responsive to malicious activity.  Nothing but love ❤️! I need Twitter stock too. 
I’ve been using Twitter since it first came out and I was so amazed at house much I could learn about what’s going on around the world in real time. It was a game changer back then and it still is now. Every social platform has bugs from time to time, ALL of them. That’s just how technology works. But I’ll say Twitter has the best response time in regards to anything, not limited to fixing bugs in such a quick manner. It’s also the only social media platform that TRULY allows you free speech. They don’t take down offensive posts nearly as often as Instagram and Facebook, only if they cross a verrrryyyyy big line. Not saying that’s the type of Tweeter I am, I am all for equality and Twitter also has one of the most diverse users. Long story short 😂😂😂 give this a try, it’s not what you’re used to, but it’s equally as awesome. 🤪🤓🙌
A recent update seems to have broken touch scrolling. Every other touch chokes up while scrolling. Sometimes tapping to select tweets also freezes momentarily. This is on iPhone X so not a hardware issue.
it literally wont show the tweets ive liked im annoyed
All the muted words still show up as if i didnt mute them
@jack and company continue to do nothing about accounts that promote violence and hate speech because ad revenue is more important than doing what’s right and decent.
Love the new 280 characters, but would love an edit button!!!! Will 2018 be the year!?
There is a video issue where I can’t see the videos in any page. Please fix this!
Twitter is a place where creative, negative, crazy, intelligent, motivated, positive, and collective minds can come together.
There’s a weird bug when you watch a video and it replays but with no audio and it’s imposible to make it sound normal anymore. And then it replays but with no audio again or it plays with audio but no video. FIX THIS please I feel like I’m using an android when this happens. Smh
I really wish that they would add a feature were I can edit my tweets after I tweet them. Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, and every other social media app allows you to edit. Please add this feature. -@christianz12344
Easy App to use, twitter just needs an edit button  honestly but no complaints with the native app.
Love Twitter!
I really enjoyed myself on this fine social media website and continue doing the most excellent job... 😁✌🏾👍🏾
Why can’t we use Twitter on Apple Watch? We spend a lot of money on these Apple Watches and only after purchasing them we discovered that we can’t do Twitter this really is disappointing!!!
I’ve successively trying most Twitter clients out there and I got most of those installed on my iOS devices but eventually I keep coming back to this official app. Sleek, simple and straightforward, that works for me.
Twitter is getting better at understanding the job that their users are trying to accomplish. I have two complains, though. First, why can't I edit my tweets after I've posted them?? Sure, covfefe will forever live in infamy, but come on!! Second is my frustration with not saving. When I get on Twitter, I'm looking for a quick fix. 5ish minutes of scrolling through my feed then back to work. If I see an article that I want to read and I don't have the time right now, there's literally no way for me to return to it. Half the time I can't remember who posts the story in the first place. As a user, this would help SO much when my job is to hire Twitter for getting news rather than hiring Twitter to just get a mental break.
A great application, just videos the basic problem 😢
Always happy with Twitter, fast and easy to understand. However I’m asking that you please make it so we can click to read what people say when they quote someone’s tweet. No complaints other than that! ☺️
Love the app and how it works.
Whenever I play video the sound cuts out and resumes near the end
Twitter keeps locking me out of my account and I’m tired of it my old Twitter got locked out and now my new one did. Is this happening to everyone else or just me?
No matter what I make my profile picture, there’s always a really noticeable black border around it, even if the photo ITSELF doesn’t have it. Please fix this issue...
I’ve grown more and more angry with this app. It seems like every time I get into it, I have to select the images with “street signs” or something like that. I know this happens when your account features are limited but there’s times I don’t even get on mine for a couple days and it makes me do that still.
Love it
Twitter is a joke. I’m finished with their obsessive spamming.
It shows the iCloud icon so I can download it again but it won’t let me re-download it. And trust me. I pressed it and nothing happens... please fix this. I want to have Twitter again. Thanks
Twitter has become a superior social media platform to Facebook because Twitter generates a user experience which is more toward the original intent of the user, as opposed to Facebook which tries much harder to steer the user and socially engineer the users.  The difference has not been lost on those paying attention.
It’d be very helpful and means happier users, because you have to delete the tweet then edit the tweet, then tweet it again. It can be frustrating and time consuming. Please add an ‘edit tweet’ option!
This app allows u to stay in touch with the world. Be the first to hear news from the world and ur friends. I LUV THIS APP!!
Although Twitter has lately made tremendous strides to improve the user experience, trolling and infiltration by Russian bots, accounts that actively promote discrimination, hate and even violence against racial minorities, LGBTQIA people, and Black women especially, and continued misogyny and sexual harassment weaken the platform. Until these issues, which have constantly been reported by users but largely ignored, are aggressively addressed and uniformly handled (and certain prominent, offending verified accounts are suspended for violating Twitter’s TOS), my rating will stand at two stars.
My account locks up, won’t load/open all the time.  I am getting tired and bored with Twitter.  Plus, Trump’s obsession with Tweeting has made the whole thing just stupid and unappealing...  bye, Felicia!
I use this platform to educate and also to speak out on social issues across the world. This platform has help me to expand my reach on audience I would reach on my own
Trying to open a notification for a new tweet from someone you follow from the iPhone lock screen doesn’t consistently work. Threads with many replies are permanently hidden and can’t expand.
Twitter basically turned into Facebook. Facebook is trash
iPhone 8 Plus. Latest build has major issues on touch events. Latest tweets and clicking the home button rarely register anymore.
The newest update makes the UI nearly unresponsive
The mod team is heavily biased. I was banned and wasn’t even given a reason, while other people literally call for assassinations and get verified. 🖕
The 280 character limit is extremely obnoxious and prevents the platform for being a useful outlet for discussion or expression. Extremely frustrating and limiting.
Love Twitter and tweeting!! Keep it up!! 😍☺️☺️👌🏻👌🏻👏🏻👍🏻
The racist hate on Twitter is massive and tolerated by Twitter management. As is the vulgarity and pornography. Twitter claims it is against hate, but allows such hate directed against whites. It also allows pornography as well as publication of personal information.
twitter keeps freezing and foreclosing please fix
Great app but there's room for improvement!  Keep on improving. 👍
I am an iOS user and very happy with performance.
تطبيق امكم النايم اللي كله جهله وصغار عقول
Good but my cat didn’t like it and peed on my sisters bike
Where is the reading mode in the safari in app view? Can have it?
Why is it so hard to delete my own account why can it be so simple like Ex: do u want to detete your own account Yes or No.  that’s it easy as 123
So, my Twitter app, has been flagged for being automated twice, and I finally get all this fixed. And now my twitter will not let me follow anyone, DM, favorite or tweet... it has been a week. Why do all my tweets go straight to saved drafts? HELP ME!
I don’t know if it’s my phone (iPhone 7+) but the app runs so slow most of the time. Lags every time I try to do anything (open a tweet, mute someone, etc). The only thing that is quick is retweeting or favoriting a tweet. It’s annoying. I didn’t have this problem when I had my iPhone SE 😒
Twitter helps me keep up with what is happening around the USA and the world. Politics, sports, current events. All sides and all opinions. Love it!!!!!
Good work
Okay hear me out. Edit button. Chronological timeline.
I admit I don’t know much about using Twitter. I only want to follow one person and it annoys the hell out of me that I rarely see that person‘s tweets and see nothing but weather and other people that aren’t related to the one I want to follow. I am bombarded with tweets I don’t want to see! I have deleted Twitter and am going to re-install it just trying to follow that one person and see if that helps. If anyone knows what I’m doing wrong I’d appreciate any helpful suggestions.
It’s so annoying if I sign out from an account and sign back in i stop getting notifications I have to delete the app and reinstall then sign in again to make the notifications work again :)
I suppose if a world run by empty-headed, lazy, unaccomplished 15-year-old social justice warriors was the goal, then Twitter is great.
Good
Yes we can get them tomorrow and I will can get him a car line and pick you guys off if you’re not going out tomorrow morning I will I just want you know I have to go
Best app to express myself
Can you please make the app compatible with the apple watch
Yeah, so, my account was locked last year due to the fact they mixed my account in with spam accounts and locked it.   When contacting support they even noticed their mistake, then went on and lied about unlocking my account. Definitely was NOT the case and my account was still locked.    The support is HORRIBLE, it’s just an automated system that offers no help at all.   I’m definitely owed my account back, but sadly the human capital used for user support is horrible. 
Literally everything about this act is great. All its missing is an edit option. There are so many tweets people would want to change, but can’t so they are forced to delete it. This occurs alot in threads, which gets people to have to start all over again for maybe one error or one thing they need to change/update. The day the edit option is added, is the day Twitter becomes the best social media.
This should be in the middle of the screen so that tweets can be refreshed whilst holding the device with one hand. Currently, left handers need to bend thumb and right handers need to stretch thumb on larger devices
I love this app 👑👑👑
I love the idea of Twitter, but the reality is just something I end up scrolling through for 30 minutes looking at things I don’t care about in order to find the one thing I do — a modern search for a needle in a haystack. The app is wonderful, but Twitter is by itself kind of annoying to me, so it gets ping’ed one star.
This app is amazing, you get to see what people post and if you miss something is shows you what you missed and what is new.!
I deleted and uninstalled. I can’t read any of the comments on the posts when I could before. Tried to get help and no response. Gave up.
Great app everything works fine. Only issues I have are video play back. Often not clear and buggy. Also I wish there was a the app would save your position in the TL because sometimes after some time it will take back to the top before I’ve seen everything. Also, EDIT TWEETS!!
Love it
Over 104mb
Let’s talk about battery usage. FB is a battery hog, Twitter is not. I deleted my FB app and installed Twitter, no battery drainage. Less condescending remarks  I will be using Twitter going forward 
It’s that simple.
The latest version constantly causes my iPad running iOS 11.2.1 to lose its WiFi connection. I suspected the Twitter app and subsequently troubleshooted the problem only to confirm my suspicion.
Been using twitter since September if 2009 when my grandmother of all people recommended I check “tweeter”. Been super happy ever since
Me parece una buena aplicación donde se puede expresar los malos y buenos momentos de la vida
When you type @ in a tweet and type a couple letters, twitter usually pops up a list of possible usernames. Same for search.
Twitter has been my “go-to” tool to create my Professional Learning Network.  Connecting with Educators from all over the world, we’ve been able to share amazing ideas that have improved the quality of learning for students.  Twitter is the force behind this movement.
This is one of my favorite apps, I use it daily, but WE WANT TO EDIT TWEETS! Gracias!
I added like to some tweets to read later and when removed the like it came back in like section. I feels boring from removing like and just like nothing happens. How silly is that.
Twitter robots and annoying trump people are the worst, but twitter is beautiful. I think management and the employees working on the front line too for twitter are beautiful minds. Don’t read the haters, you all are offering a great product and you all should be proud. Cheers.
It works slow and crashes
Twitter keeps unliking and retweeting everything. I can’t even like tweets bc as soon as I scroll away it unlikes. This is so annoying fix it already.
this the funniest app ever, you can go from crying your eyes out to dying of laughter in a matter of swipes
This app is cool. Don't make it harder than it is, if you don't like it i guess use your browser.
Censorship
Twitter is great for socializing, but every time politics come into the picture they are very liberal. Twitter always puts the top news stories as liberal-sided and blocks conservative ideas from entering our timelines. I strongly disagree with the obvious bias that twitter has shown in the political world, and I have continued to stop using twitter on a daily basis as of today.
It’s a handy way to follow US politics on both sides of the aisle by following a variety of people and groups. One-stop shopping instead of having to go to multiple apps and websites. Also great way to follow sports and just about any topic you want. Even the ads aren’t too annoying - that’s actually a compliment. 
I absolutely hate Twitter now. I’ve had my account suspended more than once. I’m now suspended for 2 weeks with no real answer as to why. I’ve been on all other social media outlets & never had these problems. Twitter is outrageous. Twitter does not believe in FREE SPEECH.
Keeps me up to date
I like the older version, this one is OK but there’s so much that’s being repeated from the same news I would like news updates faster.
I don’t know what your problem is.   All I did was download and select some stuff to be notified about.  And now I’m locked out for some stupid reason.  Don’t even know what I did wrong, never even posted on it.   Well, you can keep it , I deleted it .   Not worth the trouble , your loss not mine and I’ll tell all I know to notbother getting it.  Thank you for nothing.no stars but I have to hit one to send this.  Joke
No matter what race, gender, political party, if a tweet is offensive for one person to say but not for another person, that's not equality.
Okay so I got Twitter a while ago and until now everything was fine. Sometimes, when I would click on the comments, it would bring me to reply instead. But then it stopped. Now it's back and I can't figure out how to get to comments and just read what people wrote??
I have a iPhone 6s. This latest release of the App performs incredibly sluggish on my iPhone. What happened? I used to love this app now completely unusable, with issues of not being able to like something without it taking a second for the like to show up to not being able to scroll through my timeline without a jerky experience.
My account was hacked in the worse possible way. My profile pic was changed along with my name. The person had the gall to use my USER ID and phone number so now after 7 emails to Twitter I am still suspended. I have deleted my account and have spread the word to my friends and family as to what happened. They know me and my character. I would give 0 stars if that was an option. Your customer service is seriously lacking.
Great app
Why can’t I️ read comments now?
Twitter clearly gives preference to left winged celebrities allowing them to virtually say anything they like without repercussions while twitter shuts down conservatives etc. can’t wait for someone to compete to switch to another ave ur of communication
Unacceptable
Can y'all please change the tweets back to chronological order. I'm tired of scrolling through tweets from 1hr 5 hr 2 hr 5 hr 1hr 10 min 1min back to 1 min. Keep it chronological order. We want to scroll to find tweets not tweets find us!
This is a really good app. Great for quickly catching up on some news and at the same time checking in with friends. Little things like the night mode and the code scanner made Twitter even better. The new facelift and moments were great too! The only thing that I would like to see from Twitter now is an edit button so we could easily go back and fix small errors.
ممتاز
A lovely application 🕊💙
Twitter does not support the right of its users to post content that twitter disagrees with.
The latest update does not let me use iOS text replacement. It transmits the shortcut despite showing the phrase on the outgoing tweet.
They keep making changes no one wants instead of banning nazis.
The app is fine, but one MAJOR flaw is that you aren't able to see responses to your profile from profiles that are private. How are you supposed to respond, or even know who to follow, if you can't see the response or who said something? If your name is "@'d" in something, you should be able to see and respond to it. Period.
Works really well
I love this app!
I find everything I need!
Very very gud
The title says it all
This version is really buggy. Also, get rid of the LOAD MORE thing in notifications. It loads them in the wrong direction and why wouldn’t i want to see ALL of my notifications ALL the time. I’m missing tweets because of this garbage
Jack et al have intentionally behaved unethically in the enforcement of their own terms of service. As a nearly 10yr user of the platform, it’s disheartening to see an utter disregard for their responsibility as both a company and social-media platform.
I made my account earlier today and I retweeted a cat video, followed a couple people, and then went about my day.  My account- which I’ve had for basically all of six hours- is locked for supposedly ‘violating the guidelines,’ and I’m gonna have to prove I’m not a robot to get it back.  My robot self has decided to find cat videos elsewhere. 
So since the last update (which I stupidly did yesterday 12/26) I cant see any comments. When I click on the bubble for comments, it pops up “reply to”. Ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don’t like the black background!!!!  It’s too hard on the eyes!!!  Please change it back to white...or give me an option to choose!
Better, but still needs some work. Make it easier to bulk delete direct messages. Work on notifications, I miss receiving notifications for new followers at times.
Excellent and good
What’s up with this ‘Content not available’ stuff. I play like 3 videos and then I have to completely close the app to watch more because after 3 videos it doesn’t allow me to play anymore.
اريد ان أوثق حسابي :(
I mean Twitter is amazing, but the bad thing is you cant make an account that has more than 15 letter which is really hard because some people need way more than 15 letters.
بديش اينه تو ايران فيلتره ولي با وي پي ان ميشه استفاده كرد .من فقط واسه پيگيري بعضي اخبارهاي فوتبالي استفاده ميكنم خوب راظي ام
Great app. I love it!
The best thing about Twitter is being able to skim thru news, and selecting what to read further into. Full Parsimony. Anything else would make it to close to FB.
I have verified account and u close without reason, i send email but just they said your case has been closed!  Just let us know what we do, try to give us penalties first not direct close  Thx @zahriabbas2 
I like the opportunity to quickly check news and information. The only thing that could make it better would be the ability to schedule tweets within the app instead of using a third party.
Sometimes there are not enough updates for this app and when there is and then I delete and download this app 2-3 times a day every 4-5 days.
Twitter use to be live it’s not boring but it’s not as good as it was three years ago could use some improvements
This app is good and I’ve been using it since about 2012. Only things I want to happen are: - There should be a hide tweet option. Not entirely like privatizing a twitter account wholly, but an option to where you can hide a tweet from public eye. Make it so you can only see the single tweet.   - Make twitter more anonymous. Make it so a person can’t be found via twitter. For example, google search, links, etc.  I don’t want my tweets nor my twitter found through a google search or anything of that nature.  - Make it more of a secure place.   - Make it so that my tweets can’t be found easily. My account is private. I don’t want people searching up my tweets on google and finding me. I also have deleted tweets, I don’t want those coming up easier.   - just make it overall difficult if not impossible for google searchers or searchers not on twitter to find me. Especially when I’m on private. 
Can we get the profile tab back at the bottom of the screen it makes it a LOT more easier to get to your page
Since last update I have not been able to read comments on tweets.  When opening the comments link it will only show the blank reply box.
The home tab which is the main tab - often has zero no little tweets
I love Twitter, but I just got an Apple Watch and found there’s no app extension for it! I hope one can be created in the near future!
The profile picture has a problem with it.
Please add support for the Google Authenticator app! There are times I can use the Internet but not send or receive text messages on any of my devices, including my iPhone 6s! It will be a big help for me and go a long way in making logging in a more seamless process while I enjoy the added security of two-factor authentication on Twitter! Snapchat and Facebook have it!
I have phantom notifications! The app on my homescreen has the notification icon, but I go to the app and there's nothing there! Please fix this
Twitter is all about silencing information and opinions. It’s garbage. Get on GAB.ai
I love you and your family and your grandma and your family and family for
I wish they haven’t change the algorithm and I could see things in order and not see what other people liked, but her is being years since I have it and is my favorite social media after all
My own account and fire tweets boosts the rating up a whole star. Donald Trump ruined twitter. Follow me at c_prenk0ca7
I’m no longer able to search people or topics! Always asking if I’m a robot! Please fix
Been using twitter since it was first introduced but now it’s starting to get annoying, for the last couple of weeks I have been dealing with what you guys call “twitter rules” so I have to go through the process of claiming I’m not a robot then checking the pictures that follows it’s just really annoying when I go through it pretty much every time i make a tweet it seems like. But thing is I don’t understand why through when half the time I mostly quote tweets really
My timeline won’t load from the spot I left it. It goes back hours sometimes instead of right where I just left it seconds ago.
Since updating Twitter on my IPhone 6S, I cannot see the thread responses to tweets. I can only respond to the original tweet. I have reported it and gotten no response. Can you please fix this? It was fine until the update. Very frustrating.
شكراً Twitter
Twitter in the past few months has become so Biased against republicans/conservatives. Where’s freedom of speech??!
I AM SICK AND TIRED THAT YOU NEED TO HAVE A PHONE NUMBER. DONT YOU KNOW SOME PEOPLE HAVE IPODS AND STUFF F*CK YOU TWITTER
One of the best sites to keep up with our great President and staff to finally have back a true patriot a conservative in office. President Trump is our CEO of America GOD BLESS AMERICA AND ALL OUR HEROES IN UNIFORM
التحديثات القديمة افضل من التحديثات الجديده تويتر من اروع برامج التواصل الاجتماعي يرجى تحسين التحديثات او استرجاع التحديثات و النضام القديم لانه افضل بكثير من التحديث الجديد وشكراً 
I absolutely love Twitter- I prefer it to any other source on social media- love the suggestions & up to date news-
Please do a better job off kicking off the overt racists and obvious bot accounts. Those accounts greatly negatively affect the overall twitter experience.
Ok I understand you guys are protesting us but when ever I log in there this notifications saying security and I something worry I would get banned and I don’t want that. So here my question there are numbers of 18+ account and i understand what you are doing but for those who aren’t they shouldn’t be involved because they aren’t sending any SMEXing request nor and SMEX wanting all I’m asking to be more cautious on other account than those aren’t involved with the program
What’s most annoying about this app is that it doesn’t remember the last viewed tweet!
Difficult to find my own comments relative to subject. Would like to see a way to archive postings to which I’ve responded. Hard to delete annoying postings in a thread. I know Twitter is not really a communication/discussion network I would love. It’s too often just a podium for pontification. Too many don’t want to think, just put a half baked response out there. Anonymity removes accountability AND breeds freedom to use language that just reflects ignorance or plain stupidity. Other than that....
Updated and list app! Thanks
Not sure if this is just my app. But my timeline seems to forget where I last left off when I close the app. It’ll start back to an earlier time and I have to scroll for a while until I get to where I left off.
It’s pretty lit my dude
Fix issue with your likes not showing up on your profile
It's a way to talk to friends and meet new people!!!!
Love this APP!
Twitter has been one of the greatest apps I have ever downloaded on my phone it has literally bought so much laughter and happiness to my life. I have met the love of my life on this app and also made new friends and learned new facts. Twitter is most def one app for the books, it is a place for opinions and rebuttals good or bad. Twitter ranges from pee yourself funny to some pretty dark humor that to some may be funny. It’s asked me to make a review for this app for almost 4 years now and now since all this net neutrality has come up I feel it is important to say how much of an awesome app this has been to me and how important it, is. Not just because it is social media but more so an outlet for so much.
Would give 5 stars if advertising had not been added. About every 10th tweet is a tweet trying to get me to follow a sponsored account
I have only been using it for a month. But I was able to get some answers from a company that was quick and easy. Thx Twitter. I just love Twitter
I love the service but they allow that bully to keep his account while suspending others for lesser things. ev and biz are the worst.
Not bad. Good way to keep up with instant news.
Can’t see the replies from others now after the previous update
تطبيق مميز جداً
Its alright
I live in Vallejo California yet it shows near by tweets of Spain, Texas and every where else
I like Twitter but it will be better if I can hide replies from my profile page because it looks ugly
Whenever you see that “essentials” logo under an app it calls forth scrutiny as what really is essential to an iPhone.  However I believe that twitter truly is one of the most essential social media platforms on the AppStore. It has the community of Facebook, sharibility of instagram, and all of the world leaders who could destroy us upon a tap of the finger, occasionally tweet out funny things (a different tap of the finger if you will). Twitter is a stream of consciousness journal for some, barring the rise of finstas, a revolutionary platform to others, and a place to laugh for most. Anyone with even a modicum of something interesting to say can say it here. So that’s why twitter truly is the essential app; because it is the essence of the internet
#MAGA
This app is essential and I've had Twitter for many years but hate hate hate the new update 👎🏼
The latest version of your app is (still) taking and AGONIZINGLY long time to download. All of the other updates uploaded in an ordinary amount of time on the App Store.  And when will you allow people to be able to edit their tweets for crying out loud!? Whenever there is a mistake on my tweet, I have to delete it and do the tweet all over again! Other people have complained about this too. PLEASE ALLOW EDITING OF TWEETS! FACEBOOK HAS NO PROBLEM WITH EDITING, WHY DO YOU?! 
Now hitting 50% battery drain in less than 30 minutes with app open. Constantly see Safari WebKit error messages. Constantly killing app because it cycles trying to open url and story. Absolutely horrid experience.  Good news, I’ll probably be reading twitter less on iPhone over holidays. Bad news, their engineers blew this update. A sack of coal in this update’s stocking. 
Editing moment and crashes. 😑
Twitter is amazing! It’s fun and free and I use it all day everyday. I use Twitter more then Instagram
Pls add scheduled tweets, better search engine, increase integrity by cracking down on fake accounts. Thx
Great tool to follow and see what our President Trump has to say.  Beyond that? Awful app with silly censor rules.  Trying to come up with a model program before certain political parties rule in the future and tax you to poverty and heavily limit your rights.
Seems that that on twitter people like Rosie O’Donnell can say whatever vulgar things they want and nothing is done about it. If a man had said what she did, twitter would have shut them down. Twitter isn’t stopping the problem, they are the problem.
This app opens and says its loading but hasn’t changed in 2 days. Having to delete and re download.
Good
Many times now, when opening the app, the feed gets stuck with the same stories of days passed. The only way to get this to stop is to delete the app and reinstall. How would you like it if every time you opened the app, you saw a story from a week ago? This time around, for some odd reason, it got stuck on a story of someone’s remains found. I’ve refreshed and closed the app multiple times a day and it’s the same thing EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. 
Love to use twitter!!!! STILL NEED AN EDIT BUTTON !!!! But thanks !!!
I can’t believe twitter has such bias double standards. They let the extremely foul mouthed LEFT tweet anything and I mean illegal anything agenda wise against the right. When the right punches back they get flagged and shut down. Twitter is 100% biased against the right. Fake twitter
Video quality is terrible no matter how good my WiFi/LTE is (or where I am)
Your App was enjoyable but now is intolerable! Each time it is opened, the App reverts to previous tweets that I’ve seen. I must scroll through week old tweets just to see the new ones. DON’T waste your time with trying to adjust settings or reporting the problem, neither help. BEST ADVICE, find a different App!
I mean it's Twitter
Nice
I’m fairly new to Twitter. I find it interesting and fun with the many thoughts and opinions. I’m still learning and not understanding how to participate in many of the contests.  I would also like to know how to add video to my Twitter response. Also is there a Way to delete my response after I post something with an error? I’m really enjoying using Twitter.
Don’t download this app kept blocking me when I made a account
If you are a Republican your tweets are slinced.
Will there be an update so we can edit post if we make a mistake on accident?
hitting the drafts button freezes the app
Everyone here shares the same groupthink its the perfect hugbox if anyone hurts your fee fee’s with mean words they will be banished. Don’t worry about dissenting thought or ideology outside what you got off tumblr and reddit we all read 1984 hatespeech will be culled on this platform. Support ant-ifa comrades. Stop the nazi oppressing trump regime
Follow me 🤙🏼 @h_beeg
Every time I click to look to see who likes a tweet nothing appears regardless of the amount of likes
Normally I Love Twitter But For The Last Hour Or So I Haven’t Been A Big Fan. I Don’t Like The Fact And It’s Probably Not Apple’s Falldown But Twitter’s I HATE The Cell Phone Number Verification.!!! It’s So Annoying Because What If You Have No Access To That Phone Number Such A Hassle To Try And Unlock Your Account Please Twitter Or Apple FIX This .!!!!!
THIS APP IS AMAZING.
Do not feel fair visibility exists for conservative accounts, therefore limiting their audience and desire to utilize the app.  Also, verified & non verified accounts have TOS violations addressed inequitably. Verification process is subjective and unfair.
iOS app no longer has autocomplete working. Searching for a user? Trying to tag someone in a tweet? Better know their exact handle.   Multiple reinstalls, multiple devices. Doesn’t matter. App is borderline useless without autocomplete. Send a tweet to Twitter Support and you’ll never get a response. Yet, the app will ask you to rate it. So here’s a rating - 1 Star.   Fix it. 
The app does not stop crashing lately. I can’t even open my drafts without it instantly crashing. Please fix whatever bug or glitch is causing this.
I don’t like how you the new tweets don’t show up. I don’t like how you see tweets from 20 hrs ago. I wanna see tweets as soon as someone tweets. To me you have hurt twitter with all of the updates. Very poor.
But now can’t follow discussions. Some have a “show this thread” link but most don’t so can read discussion.
i get suspended almost everyday
I love Twitter because it helps get subs on YouTube THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS APP!!!
Please bring back your app for the Apple Watch! I actually used it everyday. 😞
1) Porn...everywhere. 2) Excessive censorship of right wing accounts. 3) Profile button needs to return to the bottom. 
It's maybe been happening for the past month or two, but the app frequently goes completely unresponsive for about 5 seconds at a time.
احبه بيتي الثاني
I absolutely love Twitter, BUT occasionally tweets that I’ve retweeted in the past are “unretweeted” and I don’t know why. I’m not able to get ahold of Twitter support which makes it even worse😡
What’s up? I can no longer read other comments on Twitter??
After the update I lost the auto fill feature when I tag people, it’s so frustrating especially when I’m tagging in lists!
Certainly I appreciate a civilized society and I do appreciate Twitter’s efforts to Encourage such. However, there’s a difference between encouragement and Force. Currently, Twitter enjoy dominance in this type of platform. Yet, once the public has a reasonable choice, the authoritarian and abusive behavior of Twitter will be rejected!!!
Recent censorship concerns for conservatives are being monitored, please be an entity that provides fair service. Politics should not be a measure of Any sort in this venue of thought sharing .
The latest version freezes all the time.  I deleted it out of frustration.  Another quirk is the iPhone version shows me old tweets over and over.  It’s even more of a waste of time than it was when it worked properly. 
First, I love that Twitter now gives us more characters. I just wish there was an edit feature as with FB and LinkedIn, so that when you make a typo, you can simply edit instead of deleting the whole post and resubmitting. Also, large tweeters like FOX News tweet the same thing over and over. More policing is needed. But love Twitter overall.
Easy UI and convenient to use
Back when it didn't have all the outspoken racists mixed with ads every other tweet
I use twitter to find news.  I do not have a tv.  It is my go to source as things happen.
tarable
Best App Ever, We Just Want The Edit Button And Then That’s It 🙌🏾🙌🏾
Censoring liberal trash.
Used to love Twitter. Now you can get locked out for no reason. I have three accounts for diff reasons and they lock one account everyday for “unusual activity.” Annoying.
Direct message isn’t working, please fix!
Twitter censors nowadays. Got to tip toe around if you aren’t politically progressive.
Thank you so much for everything you do for us. Twitter it’s my best place that Make me feel happy. 
App is great. Been using for 6+ years BUT there’s one little bug that every time on someone’s page and i tap open a picture/video or a quoted tweet it tends to bring me back to the top of their page when i go back to it. Please fix
I enjoy reading comments on news tweets but am now unable to do so on my iPad. I can create a comment but there is no way to scroll down to see other comments like there used to be.  Please fix it!
I love Twitter and the main thing I love you removed on the last update. Why can’t I see any replies/comments to any tweets? Before if one would hit the comment bubble that marks 10 comments before I would be able to see others comments and then I could either comment on the original tweet or on the comment itself. Please change back.
The latest update made it slow and almost unusable, even scrolling in the app is delayed. I don’t care for the “show this thread” link that takes you away from your timeline to see any subsequent tweet in a thread by anyone who isn’t verified.   Also there’s still a bunch of nazis what’s that about? If you say f*ck your tweet is hidden away where you have to click view more tweets twice before it shows you but people can still threaten people’s lives and freely discuss white supremacy 
I think this latest version has added a cell fade animation after popping back to the main feed view. The result is you have to wait for that whole thing to finish before you can scroll. Constantly I’m trying to scroll but cannot.
Put the goddamn square profile pictures back goddamn it
That’s Twitter is awesome
I’ve noticed a lag in time between when I like a feed and when the heart actually turns red. I have to press it a couple of times before it shows up. Retweet’s are showing the same lag time. Scrolling pauses and then resumes much slower as well. Please fix.
Download for bias news.
I open Twitter, can't scroll. I click a tweet. Lag going back to timeline. I open Twitter. Lag in scrolling. Seems as though every time it access Twitter for data, lag occurs. LTE, WiFi, doesn't matter.   Noticed since the most recent update and completely ruins what used to be a smooth experience.
The latest update has rendered the app unusable on my iPhone 7. It’s slow and unresponsive. I don’t have this problem with any other app.
Recent update won’t let me tag anyone, you hit the @ sign and names appear blank. FIX!!!!!
Twitter only punishes people with conservative views. They’ll block you from tweeting for 12-24 hours. Disgusting violation of FREE SPEECH!!!
BRING MY IMPORTANT LIKES BACK
In America Freedom of Speech is Important. Twitter silences those who don’t have the same views their creators share and does not allow users the  grace of context. Welcome to the new self policing society.
i️ just want you all to add an edit button
I wish there was a report a problem feature because this app has so many problems, I can’t even remember all of them
Mamaguevo TODOS
Twitter is a very good app and it’s where I learn a lot of things and make new friends the only thing I would add is more characters and I know they added more but just do unlimited
I hate the new thread system. It’s so awfully confusing and unnecessary to read something that is already compressed in one tweet. So pliss pliss fix that😭 and when I touch on notifications in that appear on my lock screen and tap and then opens the app doesn’t do nothing.
Can’t read comments anymore, how is that better?
Please get rid of the ugly background that shows up behind pictures and videos.
I want to see more of my likes
Slow. Try to retweet it gags and has done this for the last two updates. All my other apps are fine so it’s not my phone. Try to like a post it gags. Horrible app. But then again the Russians invested in Twitter
I hate getting notifications about someone I follow following another user. It's annoying and I don't understand why I am being notified. I wish the tweet button was back in the bottom right corner instead of now at the top. I feel like twitter never listens to the users complaints, usually it gets worse with each update.
Keeps locking me out of my account and asking for my password over and over again and i don’t even use Twitter frequently for it to be doing that .. needs to be fixed because it is irritating ..
The newest update allowed for you to made your threads in entirety before posting them, which is awesome.  BUT! Now you can't be running any music app and open Twitter at the same time. IT STOPS THE MUSIC! STOP THAT TWITTER, GET BACK IN YOUR LANE! 
In addition to providing a platform for people who blatantly breach the terms of service and allowing thousands of bots to infiltrate and manipulate follower counts, the app also runs terribly on my iPhone 6+. It constantly doesn’t load media and I have to go back through days of tweets to get to where I last was in my feed.  Don’t get me wrong, I love Twitter and the content it provides. But while these issues continually go unchanged, I have to give it this rating. Not that this will make any difference whatsoever but I figured more ratings like this could cause Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey to take a serious look at these issues and how we can solve them. 
I just hope to see personal tweets in a section separated from retweets so that one can easily go back to old tweets.
In the most recent version, scrolling the feed on an iPhone X is jumpy or non-responsive after a while. Force quitting the app and relaunching fixes the problem temporarily, but this is definitely a regression from previous versions.
Okay so the thing that I hate is that you have s limit to characters. Like when I want to type a message and it’s a little long I can post like 10 words in total. Maybe you should change it to word count not letter count. But the rest I have no problem with.
Please let us control whether or not to see other people’s ‘likes’ in our timeline.
extremely biased towards helping the progressive agenda.
Like the app with one exception....PROMOTED tweets.  Please give an option to disable them from our feed.  I know it’s about money bottom line, but I don’t want to see them.   Thanks for your time...
I’ve been on twitter for about 7 years and have witnessed the growth first hand. Innovative would be the best word to describe twitter. For years they have arranged the app to the users liking, making It more enjoyable. Twitter is where I get my news , I interact with friends , & it enables me to keep up with the latest trends and happenings in real time. I love it!
I guess it's good. It works decently. A little laggy sometimes. I don't know if it's the app or if it's my wifi connection. But I did just recently get an iPhone 8 and switched to sprint so I don’t know if it’s the app but more my cell phone carrier service nowadays, though. Plus it always accuses me of being a “robot” when I’ve retweeted more than 3 Tweets in a couple minutes too and that was a little irritating.
Why do you not ban accounts that post racist tweets calling for the death of white people?
So I just downloaded the app and I was happy but later it said your acount has bean Locked I just was tweeting Dantdm not bad things good things I was so confused you probably locked the wrong person plz fix this i also hate Twitter because of this fix it and I will love Twitter bye 😭👿☠️
La aplicación funciona muy bien.
Twitter is trying to be some all inclusive Facebook. They say they have “rules” you get banned for but everyone knows that’s not applied equally or a certain president would have there account banned. Go to a startup as Twitter is a politically correct hell hole now.
I see no benefits in this. I wanna millions of Twitter supporters.
The constant stream of fixes are much appreciated
new app stops your music or audio when using
Highlights is off but I keep getting useless highlight notifications. I’ll end up deleting this app...
Simply put, one of the best app for social media. I use it frequently
Since the last update, I am not able to view other users tweets.
Application is good but Still has much needed room 4 improvements, such as hate or disagree button. Not every1 always agrees with EveryBody.
Great app
Too many nazis on the app
Twitter is the definition of Big Tech gone wild, the censorship on this platform is something the Nazi’s would be jealous of.
Twitter supports pedophiles, white genocide, and death threats to potus.
We don’t need this “add another tweet” crap that you’ve added and we really didn’t need 280 characters either. Can we just get an edit button already? At least that would be useful.
I didn't like the very latest update, Bring back the old version, Please..
This is a good app. I love everything about it. I use it everyday. I have made friends on here. I have a suggestion for a future update. It would be very cool if you could make individual tweets viewable to only followers. Sometimes I don’t want to share everything to the whole world. I think this would benefit a lot of users. What do you think Twitter?
Everything is moving really slowly and is freezing up a lot.  Didn’t do this until the update yesterday
We hate the new font when your compose a tweet. It’s atrocious. The entire body is indented for some stupid reason, the font is teeny and it’s bold and it’s just a PITA to have to look at. Please fix it because it’s broken. I don’t want the same format from when I’m viewing tweets as when I’m composing one. This is such a design failure.
The new layout when you want to tweet/reply/quote tweet is HORRIBLE! what idiot thought putting the “tweet” and “reply” buttons on the top was a good idea? Did they forget phones are really big now and your average person will have issues stretching their thumb up to hit those buttons. One handed tweeting is now dead. FIX IT! FIX IT! FIX IT!
When I compose a tweet, the font is extremely small suddenly. The font size everywhere else is normal. Overall, the updates have been getting progressively worse for about six months. The app closes every time I minimize it, and it re-launches every single freaking time I open it. It’s awfullllll
Why do you move SEND button to top? It's difficult to touch. The multiple tweet button is not used as frequently as the SEND button. Please move it back.
First the icons got round, now threading is garbage. Still lays out uselessly on iPad. Known Nazis (blocked in Germany!) participate freely. Can’t turn off seeing “liked posts” from people I follow. I want just posts from people I follow, in the order that they were posted. Way too hard for Twitter, somehow.
For a few months I haven't been able to search my old tweets from years ago . It only shows results from around 5 months ago . Pleeaassee help me fix this
I create twitter
I have used twitter app for long time and never had such problem like this one in last 6 years. After the last update of the app when i write a tweet it will stuck in sending mode and when I close and reopen the app it automatically sends it! I’m not sure if it is a problem with the app or not, but some other friends of mine experiencing this problem after update! Thanks 
I’ve been using the app in its various (updated) looks for around a decade & this version works for me. Fast loading. Hasn’t crashed or locked up. Just plain cool
Gr8
Twitter only allows tweets supporting their ultra liberal- Marxist agenda. Any tweet or user not conforming to their political fee will be  blocked. Anti-American.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Give us an #EDIT option! We’ve been asking for this since Twitter started! As you know, more people are using Twitter than some other SM!! Also, please respond to reports of user’s violating Twitter Rules! I know 2 people that were/are being Targeted Harassment and so far nothing has been done and its continuing!! I enjoy using Twitter and the many options you do have available to use!! EDIT EDIT EDIT EDIT PLEASE
ممتاز
The only reason Twitter still exists is because no viable replacement has been made to match it, which shouldnt be all that hard to do.  It has VERY bad logic to threads, they manipulate numbers for their “trending” #hashtags, and what’s far more concerning is that SAUDI ARABIA owns the largest share of Twitter... what influence might they have over the free speech of citizens 🤗  In fact, they already terminate accounts (even high-profile personalities) for so-called “hate speech” merely for criticizing talking heads at large corporate media networks, or political figures.  Twitter stock has been tumbling for quite a while and the reason is clear — This app, which increasingly crushes the spirited voices of many takes the false pretense of being an unhindered platform for free speech but many are finding out Twitter is being used to silence, bully, and intimidate people whose opinion differ.  Bad on you, Twitter.  You have printed yourselves on a very dark page in the tomes of world history.  They could have been great.  Imho.  -User 
For some reason since the last update it keeps saying that my Twitter was hacked because of unusual activity? I haven’t done anything unusual on my account and this is the first time it’s said that so I’m just confused as to what’s going on.
Every single new addition makes it worse.  Every.  Single.  One.  Simplify, man. 
Please keep twitter free. I love Twitter
theres no twitter for apple watch，pls bring back the app of Apple Watch ths
I keep getting the whole “Are you a robot?” and getting temporarily disabled. Are you trying to tell me something? I have done nothing wrong.
Ever sincs the new update, pictures and videos take forever to load and I'm on a steady connection. Please fix this
When I type in the first letter of an account I often look at, it no longer pops up. In fact, nothing pops up. Please go back to the way it was.
new bug where i cannot retweet anything just quote
واحد من عجائب هذا الزمان ..!
Some person from another country hacked and stole my account years ago . I was never able to fix the situation with zero help from Twitter. The account was suspended and now my email can't be connected to an account. I tried to call but got hung up on. I'm mad to say the least !
I like learning/reading other people’s opinions and occasionally debating an issue. I don’t like that Twitter evidently blocks or bans content they disagree with. Prime example: I can no longer share devotionals & bible verses from my Tecarta app. The pro-2A politician from TN they booted... they seem to only value free-speech when they agree with the speakers’ ideology. Lame.
I never want to see my timeline out of order.
All the news right here!! 🤙🏼
Replying from Moments freezes and the app blows up.  Lots of lag and performance issues.  Twitters infrastructure can’t seem to handle the traffic.  Ran by over censoring and politically bias and motivated to always project a liberal point of view.  They censor opposing viewpoint accounts faster than pedophiles or terrorists using their network.  They’ve managed to block any competition(Gab) with the help of Apple by not allowing it on the store.
The app functionality is just OK. Twitter itself is a liberal propaganda tool. There is no free speech on Twitter.  Twitter’ bleeding hearts penalize middle of the road to conservative Tweets.    After running afoul of some Twitter snowflake with a Tweet that called out a C list celebrity, subsequently deleting said Tweet the pettiness & political prejudice showed through with a Crystal like clarity.  I deleted the app. Social media is the bane of humanity.  Wouldn’t use any of them as each is manipulative, biased & imposing values & morals of a handful of techie virgins, trolls & non binary identifying beings. 
I love twitter it just needs to be optimized for the iphone 10 it looks and works like crap on my phone lol.
I made an acc to just follow some people and I told it not to notify anyone about it next thing I know it notifies everyone in my contacts... lame
This app doesn’t work correctly. I’m not getting any notifications for when people comment on my tweets. I’ve tried resetting the app and reinstall it and it still doesn’t work right. They need to divulge what’s in the update and why they are updating it. Seems like every day they keep sending an updated for the app.
I have had a twitter account since the very beginning of twitter. I use the app everyday, several times a day. Over the last month, I have been locked out of my account several times. I have been asked to reverify due to “suspicious behavior” on my account. Please fix them ASAP!
I love this app but for some reason lately it’s not letting me post videos
Please go back to the previous way of retweeting and quoting. Also, the tweet and retweet buttons are too far up at the top of the screen. It makes it harder to tweet and retweet effortlessly.
I Use To Love Using Twitter Till I Got Warn Big Time By Twitter Support For Saying That People Need To Assassinate Other People, Now I Just Like Using Twitter.
Ever since the update I’ve been having major problems with my touchscreen. I deleted the app and the problems went away. Then a few hours later I reinstalled and the touchscreen wouldn’t work again. Deleted the app and the touchscreen is fine again. Also noticed the app draining my battery extremely fast. What’s going on over there?
Recently the retweet option only lets you quote instead of retweet. I can’t stand it now.
iPhone SE on the latest release of iOS 11.2.1. Tried restarting to no avail.  The ‘return’ button has disappeared from the Twitter compose & edit keyboard. The attach image to the far left does nothing. 
Twitter helps giving every single person a voice! And if that voice lets evil know that it sees what evil is doing and will stop it, that is better for everyone!
Stop promoting crap we don't need. Need edit button. 102mb on an iPad already short of storage space is painful and u have some nerve calling something that large "minor."
I love this app, it’s like my favorite of all the apps that I have, but Twitter blocked my account for no reason and I’m trying to unlock it but they are not helpful at all. They supposed to send a verification code to unlock my account but the code never arrives and they don’t give me another way so they can send that verification code. Very disappointed of the Twitter staff :(
great app besides for notifications. occasionally, people won’t get notifications when i follow, retweet, favorite and it gets a bit frustrating at times and it’s other users too. looking into it, i found this has been an issue as far back as 2014.   also, a trending category when picking gif’s at the compose tweet screen would be a great addition. not to mention saving gifs from other users posts. 
Continued censorship prevails of Twatter.  Not the things that are social norms deserving censorship. Instead, if you are conservative, don’t waste your time.  The app filters thoughts to and from you.
I don't know what is happening
Twitter is awesome and has come so far!
It has no sense at all how you’re showing the timeline. I follow what I want to read, I don’t want to miss anything andI want it in order! Stop showing suggestions and the likes that others do. Seriously, now it’s painful and I’m missing more than I want. 
It keep taking back to old same tweet after closing the app.
Best place to get news and unfiltered content. News apps give their opinionated content. Twitters content is unfiltered and I can follow feeds of whomever I please.
10 yr user across devices and platforms. This version takes too long to load, is constantly crashing and drafts won’t open. Frustrating.
I really don’t like the rounded corners on the photos now. I don’t know why you guys changed it, but it’s just a small detail I don’t like. Other than that, it’s great!
It keep asking me if I’m a robot everyday I don’t feel like going through that 🤬🤦🏾‍♂️
i absolutely LOVE Twitter
The Twitter app works quite well. One of the very best apps in general.   However, two odd things.   In voice dictate, if you insert two hyphens (that is speak “hyphen hyphen”) The app crashes. Every time. It does not crash if you only voice dictate one hyphen.    I am interested in the new “threads” feature but cannot find the “+“ symbol that controls it anywhere? 
It’s buggy, does its own thing.   Worse still it only works on some phones.  I have the iPhone 6S Plus and it is hit or miss. Touch one part of the screen and it will react as if you have touched another part of the screen! I also have an iPhone X and the problems don’t occur.  It was so bad that Apple tried a replacement iPhone 6S plus because they thought it was a hardware screen issue turns out it’s this awful app from a company that doesn’t listen to all their users.  Even on the iPhone X it will randomly react as if I decided to not finish a tweet and it will vanish.  Twitter seem to not care about issues with its none existent support.  Maybe it’s time to quit Twitter and just get depressed using Facebook instead. 
Antes no usaba Twitter, me parecía difícil usarlo, pero desde que abrí una cuenta m siento muy cómodo con la app, sinceramente me gusta mas que Facebook. Muchas gracias Twitter y sigan mejoran la app.
I'm so thankful that Twitter exists. Without it, I wouldn't be able to connect with the producers / artist that I do. I wouldn't be about to know what's trending in the industry, and when there's something going on, Twitter always has it first.   I can't wait until I'm a more established artist so that Twitter can finally verify me though! I gave it four stars because my Twitter for business won't work for some odd reasons. I'm not sure what's wrong with it, but either way I'm really thankful Twitter exists.   Thank you, creators!!!   @JNeelWTD (Rap, R&B, Popstyle Artist) 
Love twitter and how it connects people
hi, I updated Twitter but I can’t seem to retweet tweets so I was wondering if you could fix that. I did everything to try and make it work but it still does not let me retweet anything. If you guys could make a patch or something that would be great, and thanks.
Nough said
PUT THE TWEET BUTTON BACK ON THE BOTTOM CRAZIES!!!!!
I lost all but one of my favorited tweets and more annoyingly, it can’t seem to remember where I left off on my feed.
you didn’t need to make this “update”. twitter was fine before and now all my last threads are ruined. if you guys want people to be happy and not complain maybe you guys should run a poll on your account and see what the majority wants or at least give a preview of it.
Been glitching a lot lately. Won’t let me retweet anything. Can’t edit my display name. Etc. Please fix.  A concerned viral tweet maker. 
Enabled the dumb-down of all human interactions. Created a one sided view of opinions by not providing a “dislike” option on tweets. Grow up to provide a fair platform for social interactions.
Ads/suggestions
Garbage site that will shadowban you for the most innocuous thing.
The app is fantastic, I’m a young person who’s addicted to the internet so obviously I like this app. Unfortunately their support services are not helpful. I’ve had an issue with a basic function on the app (retweeting) and have reached out to their automated support services, @twittersupport, twice about the issue, and it takes basic info about the problem but I never receive any response. The automated responses give very vague and unhelpful tips that just direct me to an FAQ page, which does not help me solve this glitch-type issue. Would be great to receive ACTUAL SUPPORT from their support system instead of just redirection to their FAQs
Twitter was invaluable tool to remain informed during the ever-changing winds and direction of the Thomas fire. Vital information provided between the numerous agencies coordinating firefighting activities and the residents and business owners first-hand accounts, our Ojai friends were able to find a pathway to evacuate safely to our home. Twitter has been our go-to for up-to-the-minute fire information; and will remain our go-to as cleanup and recovery efforts ensue.
Twitter always been a 5 star but recently the retweets aren’t working once I try to retweet all it does is go straight to quote tweets
I enjoy the concept of Twitter very much but constantly having to verify my account or getting locked out for no reason is extremely frustrating  Also limiting how many people you can follow is annoying especially when you’re new  The rules on what can and can’t be shared seem somewhat biased and I feel like even this review will land me in Twitter jail  ☹️ 
Ever since I updated the app to the new version I am having an error with retweeting tweets. As soon as I click on the button, it takes me straight to quoting the tweet and says “Add a comment”. This isn’t because the profile is set to “tweets protected”. I’ve been using Twitter for years I know what’s what. Please fix. The Retweet button is still shown perfectly clear, just doesn’t retweet.
For a week Im unable to retweet without having to delete app and reload 20-30 times a day in order to RT for 5mins then get handcuffed again. FIX IT!
I frequently have lock screen issues with multiple Twitter notifications appear. The voiceover stutters and the notifications reappear after I tap the power button.
One of the best appst know whats going with your favorite Star wether it be in the  world of Hollywood or Television or even whats going on with your favorite YouTube personality. A very personal app that allows you to follow and know round the clock info on the favorite person, great notification system even an awesome Trending page. I know all that i use this app for is just a small portion of the other so many things Twitter can do and also developers are always updating and adding great new features and optimizing it to its full-potential more and more everday.
Love the variety of devotions, inspirations, and motivational topics. It's my early morning go to.
تطبيق ممتاز جدا للتواصل الاجتماعي الرسمي والغير رسمي ويعتبر نافذة للمعرفة من خلال متابعة الحسابات العلمية والثقافية انصحكم باستخدامه بشدة
Thanx
There is no freedom of speech on this app, either agree with twitters opinions or get your account permanently suspended. You choose. 0/5 stars. The people over at twitter are nothing but sensitive little b¡tches and ban anyone for anything it will get to the point where they have NO USERS. Twitter employees are incompetent. TRASH
Please go back to the old way of retweeting something. I don't always want to have my whole video stopped just because I wanted to do a simple retweet. The app was fine as is, don't make it difficult
Twitter’s never ending fight to shove more content down your throat has made the app a chore to use. “In Case You Missed It” will still show up on occasion, even if you have your timeline set to chronological and even if you dismiss it every time it comes up. It ignores your desire for a chronological timeline and pulls random tweets up to the top.   Timelines are filled with tweets from people you don’t follow because someone you do follow “liked” the tweet. You’ll even get notifications when two people you follow like the same tweet. There’s no way to turn this off and all it does is clutter your timeline with stuff you don’t want to see.   In the past it was nice that you could turn off retweets so you only ever saw tweets from the person you follow. Turning off retweets should also turn off the “liked” tweets that appear in your timeline.   Finally, ads are now pausing my music which is absolutely infuriating. At some point, using Twitter simply won’t be worth it anymore. 
I have Twitter on all my devices and I have never had any issues with it.  My only complaint is how easy it is to get lost and lose time there (said with lots of sarcasm).  If they would block people who have admitted to sexual abuse, i.e., drump trump I would love the app even more.  Just because you hold a high office does not, or should not give you a free pass to expressing yourself where children, our most precious resource, are exposed to you.  He admitted it for all the world to hear, therefore he should not have an account. Other than that, great app.
Instead of a character count, there is a circle and my posts may or may not post with no warning.  It’s irritating to think a post went though when it didn’t, even if that silly circle doesn’t close. Bring back the character count and just truncate the post if you exceed the character count...don’t just NOT post it without warning.
I love Twitter. The only social media I use but lately it keeps logging me out every day and asking me to verify. It wanted me to add a phone number by force to log in. When I did I started get text notifications which I did not want. No setting to stop or turn off. This will lead me to maybe stop using the app.
I love this app so much but one thing i’d really prefer is if the likes were in order of when you like them, not in order of when they were tweeted.
Good app and then they update it and you have to scroll backwards thru your feed - so annoying!
So, I have given it a 4 star, mainly because when I reload the app, like pull down and let go, a noise extremely loud appears. If you see this, please fix this. I have reset my iPod Touch various times, and even reinstalled its operating system, please fix?! Over all good app, and great build quality!
Freedom of speech is always taken away. Republican controls pushed constantly. Twitter blocks you from speaking your mind. Phony media. Russian Agents controlling you media. Corrupt
I’m finding out I have a hacked Twitter account from lack of use ... the account says suspended because I logged in and just thought oh well i will follow rules to get open again but today i noticed that the pic was faked and it was so small .... just Twitter wants more info. and i can’t even deactivate the account... this person was in Venezuela, me in Texas.  How much info. of mine is being used. Twitter watch the acct.  because now i am warning you. You won’t let me change my info. and now You are informed just as I was ... keep acct blocked because you are SUSPENDED! 
I wish we could edit our tweets. That would be perfect. I hope we are able to keep Net Neutrality as is. Twitter is a great site to network and seeing the freedom taken away and restricted would be a sad day.
Anytime I go into my page and scroll through my likes and retweets, they don’t all show up. Have they disappeared or is it something else? The same thing applies to the media sections of those I’m following. There needs to be an update to fix this issue.
FIX CURIOUS CAT!
Twitter has been good to me especially between 2012-2014 but I feel like after that it got overrun with fake accounts and spam.  The political twitter makes me laugh though I enjoy that. Stop the spam and fake followers. A big issue I have is finding new people on twitter I get suggestions of famous people all the time. Chances are they don't have time to talk, how about someone I can relate to?
Notifications are no longer blank when you click on them. Thanks
I haven’t really had any issues with the app. I do wish there was an edit option.
Ola vusco nobia grasias
اكثر من رائع برنامجي الاول على الاطلاق 👍🏼 
Ever since the last update some of my likes have disappeared, I like some tweets to save them so I can read the articles later, and now I’ve noticed some are gone, doesn’t matter what I do, they still won’t appear, what the hell... fix that please
I hope that in a future update, videos that are 3-5 minutes long can be uploaded
periscope videos when I pause a video then press X. The video exits but goes back to playing automatically Fix it please.  I see twitter post that don't even know the persons or businesses and when go to profile  says I'm following them so I unfollow them please fix the before I delete my twitter account this not ok. 
Love, Love, Love the New Updates. I able to make longer Tweets and communicate better with Fans, Followers and those I follow.
I think the app is functional enough, I’m more concerned with the tweet-shaping that Twitter does for what they deem newsworthy or not. It’s not a Democrat or Republican thing, it’s Twitter censoring any content that bothers me.
It’s a good app, but the twitter support is absolutely terrible. I’ve been having trouble being able to retweet ANYTHING for the past 3 weeks, and when I try and get help from support they won’t/can’t help me. It’s a very good app but if the support team doesn’t help then it’s not very worthwhile.
STOP asking me if I’m a robot every other day! STOP telling me to change my password every other week! I am a VERY frequent user. My account is logged in on ONE device and never anything else. I am not going to keep changing my password! This is really crappy and extremely annoying!!! You’re making Twitter no fun to use!
It’s a great place to keep up to date on the news and connect with friends and people we admire-I think it’s easy to use
That’s said. Blacks👨🏿👨🏿👨🏿👨🏿👨🏿
A different user on this platform told Michelle Obama to ‘go back up her tree’ and I disagreed. My post was removed and my account was suspended while the racist post and user are free to continue to spread racist filth. That’s what you get with this platform and app.
I probably have to type some words here for the review to take. If it went away; I wouldn't miss it.
Hateful mean people find other hateful people to gang up on
I love this app,, I never have any bugs and I love the layout!
Getting pretty boring. I think we need to change the whole social media apps and create new ones because they have been around too long.
Only real issue is that Twitter won’t let me set my birth year as my birth year for whatever reason. When I try to set it, it automatically scrolls back to 1995 and changes my birthday to May 22, then won’t let me fix it. Also, it says I can’t have the 💠 emoji in my bio...which I don’t understand. Twitter, fix this please.
Currently still learning this app. UX is pleasant and intuitive but ima pay attn to changes in the next revision. Gives me plenty to think about.
Twitter is a wonderful community if you’d like to be accosted by unchecked modern-day nazi aggression.
Dope app. Bring back the profile column my finger isn't that long to have to swipe to see my profile
I liked it when you could just retweet automatically please revert back to the old twitter
I love twitter but the recent update that tells you to add a comment before retweeting is annoying😒
*spams abort button*
The app is reliable and robust - almost perfect! Well done girls and boys! #muchlove
As an advocate for bipartisan free speech, I am appalled at twitters recent actions as a company. Along with not only spying on their users, cracking down on and/or censoring any voice they don’t like. Which is kind of ironic when you think about it, as a platform built on free speech. even though twitter has the right to do this as they are a private entity, its still pretty messed up. And if you don’t want to accumulate followers only to be taken behind closed doors and “vaporized” as george Orwell put it, then stay off of this sight.  I rate three stars because this is an app review, not a moral one. Its hard to outline your political views -or any view for that matter- in 140 characters 
Um yeah, can ya update because every time I get on it shows me the same post from a day ago or a few days ago and I want to see what’s new every time and I even refresh and it still does it.
For the pass three days since twitter update I have not been able to post tweets twitter keeps having me do a test to make sure I’m not a robot. I’m not sure what’s going on but it say I’m following 0 people now. I’m just wondering what’s going on and if you can help me fix the problem please
Again I tried to get on so I did but I posted a pic of cat called it violence how in the world is a kitten in the pic a violence this is BS the need to fix it.🤬🤬🤬
YO PLS HELP ME still can't RT or quote my own tweets, and also cannot open my drafts without the app glitching and crashing, fix for better rating
Okay hands down this is my all time favorite social media app. I use it ALL day long and I’ve always loved the concept of Twitter. And that is why I had to give this app all five ⭐️  however recently in the past few days I want to say this past week and a half I’ve been interrupted with a page that says my page has been limited because of a violation of the Twitter Rules. Now I don’t tweet anything vulgar or anything that falls under the rules. I have had to say I’m not a robot and go through an ordeal of clicking all the pictures of  “cars” “street signs” and “store fronts” in order to continue back into Twitter. This is very annoying and unnecessary when I have never violated any rules. Not sure if anything triggers it in particular but if I’m not using anyone’s name or brand, posting abusive, hateful or sexual content then I don’t see why I’m being stopped to verify at random every other day sometimes twice in a day. I hope this is corrected or fixed I’ve seen other users complain about the same thing.
Every time I try to retweet someone it pops up for me to submit a quote tweet. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but that only fixes it temporarily. Please fix this.
Please fix this I can not see any teeets i have wrtten when using the app.
The app has a little number at the top indicating I have a notification but when I open the app there isn’t a notification to check. Yet the number stays there after I close the app. So that’s annoying. Also I strongly dislike the new way of retweeting something. I like the pop up option before where you could choose to quote-tweet something or simply retweet it. It was closer to my thumb. But now if I tap the retweet icon and I don’t mean to, I have to tap the top right corner THEN choose if I want to save or discard as a draft. I, the lazy people of Twitter, am not happy :(
Sorry but upscaling the old iPhone app and calling it an iPad app won't cut it. Take advantage of all the screen real estate and optimize for the interactions on iPad.
A great place to find links to news item that are happening in real time
I love this that
As soon as we can get his face out of mine.
For some weird reason I can’t retweet anything. For example, instead of giving the option to retweet or quote it automatically sends me to the quote and it’s annoying.
truly one of the best social media apps, though i AM confused as to why this is advertised as a news app since it's more of a networking site.   if i can make a suggestion, though, you should get rid of the blue accent color and use the theme color that users picked on desktop mode. also, allow users to change their theme color on mobile. 
Why would y’all remove that feature? Was it an error or something? What is going on??
Why did you guys change the way people retweet things?!?!?! Some things should be left alone and that’s one of them!!!!!
Every body I see on twitter just hates white people. Very racist
Whole lotta Gang sh*t on here!
When I click the retweet button it automatically assumes I want to quote it and tweet something with it. This is false and until this is fixed the app is trash.
I love Twitter but recently I can’t simply retweet a tweet, it acts as if I have to quote tweet everything.
Would be a much better app if you stopped allowing white supremacists to use it as a platform.
Every time i try to retweet something it only lets me quote the tweet and not just retweet to my timeline. so annoying please fix
PLEASE FIX THIS IM UPSET
Twitter is a great social media, over 5 million people use it, but it needs something. An edit button. Lots of people make typos, or spell words incorrectly. They often have to reply, correcting themselves, or just leave it incorrect. I would like to change that. I also think we should be able to make our tweets as long as we want, to put all of our thought into a single tweet, and not make a tweet chain. That is all I want from Twitter, 2 things and I will give it 5 stars.
I’m trying to retweet something & the little pop up thing that says “retweet” & “quote tweet” won’t show up and just takes me to the quote tweet.
We should be able to edit our tweets if we made a typo... thank you
It's great app for getting and sharing info soon and on time. But I couldn’t access to 280 characters yet.
I enjoy Twitter. I wish there was a way I could view my post others reply to. I also wish the violation rules applied to the President.
Too much porn and it isn’t often marked sensitive. Why should it be allowed period?   Twitter does not apply their rules equally and has an obvious political agenda.
Twitter is my favorite app and the first thing I go to check every morning for funny tweets/vids and news updates.  Unfortunately , for the past week, I have had trouble opening the app because a screen saying that there is suspicious activity on my account pops up almost EVERY DAY.  It is literally the most irritating thing ever and it’s driving me insane.  Please fix it bc I’m tired of doing the reCAPTCHA challenge every single time I’d like to use twitter because it thinks I’m a robot.    @aishanicholee  (Shameless plug lol) 
I would give it 5 stars if there weren’t so many ad promotions.  I see ads promoted as often as 1 in 7 tweets. Not only is that very annoying, but it is also a lot of mobile data eaten up by ads.  I could not find a setting to disable this, so now I block anything and everything promoted. Others probably do the same.  I am new to iPhone, but none of the clients I used on Android promoted ads.  The ads have to be a client thing.  I do not mind paying for an ad free version.
@jack favors certain trolls over others and is lenient when it comes to a lot of gross material  becoming a very polluted platform
Awesome 😊
I like it.  Just needs an ‘edit’ option rather than having to delete an entire post and re-post it.  Also photos should auto crop in the timeline preview of it (sort of like a thumbnail previewing the whole thing) then have the option to blow up to full size on click. If your photo is large, a person’s head may look cut off or the full image doesn’t appear, etc. ...others will have to click on it to see the whole photo.  I’ve spent lots of time “cropping” just for Twitter perfection. 
I like the app, but it’s a little difficult to use, but then u can accustom and enjoy!!
Logs you out of your account. I was thinking about if I wanted to quit Twitter. Here's my sign! Already ditched Facebook, goodbye Twitter! Data freedom!
Everytime i open my likes i see only a few recent ones and none of the previous ones
I have 156 likes and sometimes I like going back to them bc I think they’re funny. Well something happened since this last update and it’s only letting me see TWO of my likes and I have WAY more than that. Please fix this problem.
Much preferred the limitation.  Forced posters to be much more concise and not blather on .... especially the twitter-in-chief
- copy paste should work throughout - shouldnt lock out users at random - shounldnt require phone number 
You are rendering your app useless for business owners when you shadow ban. It’s beyond frustrating and I know it’s your goal to push the riffraff out but you’re delusional if you think you can remove it all. You’re just hurting tons of people in the process.
The huffington post of social media.
Im not very happy with twitter lately. Ill just be scrolling through my feed and out of no where twitter will locked me out of my account because of “suspicious activity and violations.” It will make me change my password over until i can get back on my account. This has happened about 5 times in the last month. Please do something to fix this.
I can’t upload none of my tweets.... Everything says loading tweets like I have bad service or something, but every other social media app works just fine
love it!!
Me parece que la aplicación a veces no se actualiza rápido, todo lo demás está bien!
Would be better if the people who run the site didn’t tiptoe around the Nazis on there. Beware of propaganda and lies.
Why was the Apple Watch app removed? This was a nice way to browse my feed.  Please consider bringing it back.
In my opinion, Twitter is the best social media site because you can post pics AND text. It’s nice to see what’s happening in the world, and what people are up too. Amazing.
Good
Every since I updated twitter been locking my account for no reason. I think I'm done with them. They doing to much
Enough said. Just the essential.
Excellent
I absolutely adore Twitter but now all the tweets I’ve liked are mysteriously gone. I’ve uninstalled and reinstalled. Same result. Go figure...
Keeps trying to verify my email address and now the app won’t let me do anything without verifying my phone number. First, why do you think you’re entitled to my phone number? Second, if you already have my phone number, why do you keep asking me to verify it?  On top of that, sends annoying “highlights” notifications that are trash solicitations to go on Twitter more often. Nope, you don’t need to notify me that Trump tweeted again, and no, that’s not a highlight. 
Twitter is for #LIBERALs only! I defended my President and Sandra Sanders from lewd comments of Chelsea Handler! I was booted! Not giving you more informations to access my account! My email is good enough!
Everything's fine but need an edit tweet button
onto a link and a side column opens up,  see new tweets thing disappears 
I cannot see all my likes/favorites. This is frustrating please fix this ASAP! I have an Apple iPhone 7.
I know that Twitter is an amazing app but I only downloaded it so I can save screenshots and videos of gameplay. I only actually interact with people on Instagram and I can post my screenshots because I can just save them, but I can’t even save my videos, and third party apps don’t work because of IOS 11 (another reason why I wish I could just get a Samsung). It would be nice if Twitter actually did something about this
Slightly better than mobile site, be sure to turn off background updates and notifications. Otherwise it’s a noisy mess.
I am using Twitter a little more now than in the past. I love the format and still learning how to navigate this social media. I love the life like pictures on Twitter.
Following my favorite news and sports is easy with Twitter.
Love it, clear, simple, likable. Great app
I’m waiting.
I have always found Twitter to be a lot faster on having the latest, most up to the minute news. I love that!  What I don’t love is your targeting of conservatives. Your flagrant disregard of those on the left, and their harassment.  I’m extremely concerned about the changes coming on the 18th, and while this will probably make you happy, I don’t think I’ll be continuing after that time, as I won’t want your tracking of me, when I’m off Twitter. 
Hace varios meses que la app me funciona mal. Se me cierra, se congela, me abre en cosas viejas. Manejo varias cuentas y me abre en la que le da la gana. Es un desastre. Muy mal. Estoy a punto de usar otra.
I like the rounded corners on pictures, but with this update, all of my favorites are gone. I had 200+, now I only have 2. PLEASE fix this. I’ve had my account for years and looking back at my favorites is a nice way to remember stuff.
Excellent
the best apps and bery easy to use  🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 
Twitter has become not only an excellent way to communicate with people and to reach out into your community, it has become a vital conduit for information in much the way newspapers and other traditional media of the past have been. It's an interactive communal forum and global information network that works better the more people participate.
I love what you’ve done with the app it’s so innovative!!!
I was reluctant to used Twitter in the past, now I cannot stop using it to express my opinions, Twitter helps to make the World a better place. Kudos!!! 
Update: I’ve always loved this app. Now. Few things....I want the profile button back at the bottom. I want access to my profile page as well as my lists with one hit of the button not five. Second. Trending. I don’t want things in my trending to be completely local. Or completely national. Why? Bc it’s not always relevant. A few tweets about something local... is neither trending news nor unusual...we know there\'s a hawks game....okay? Nor (I guess third and lastly) do I want meaningless fluff. Like moments of celebs. That’s not news either.  First review: I\'d like better filtering especially for all political words please ;) Also a big deal for me...is the hoops I’ve got to jump through just to get back to my profile. It’s my most used key. I’d like it back on the bottom dashboard. It’s ridiculous that it is so many back pages away to get to my main page. Definitely impedes my experience. 
Two suggestions.  1. Please stop censoring Conservative political tweets. Shadowbanning etc. 2. The share tweet to group~DM message to tray - please keep people in the tray lined up in order and not switching around after a tweet is shared with a person/group.  As far as 1. I’ve seen threats of bodily harm, death wishes of political figures, races, and political affiliations go unpunished, but anything remotely conservative, or a meme about liberals, someone gets “triggered” or “offended” and it’s automatically punished with a ban, and forced removal of “offending” tweet. Twitter as a company should not be in the business of censoring or being politically biased, but then again, the people responsible for monitoring tweets are of a “certain” political/gender fluid/ affiliation.  As far as 2. It’s extremely annoying when you go to share a tweet with certain groups, and/or people, and the icon for the person/group gets moved around after every share causing double posts in some rooms/DM’s.. 
Twitter handles not coming up when I want to add them to a tweet. Have to search name or subject in order to find the handle. Just did an app update, was hoping that would fix it, but it’s still not working correctly.
can we please get more than 160 characters in our bios please
What is going on? No videos are playable on iPhone 8.
The details of what changes in each update
dear Twitter  when u do updates please . Keep the way it use to be , u could mute certain hashtag ...now when. U say something bots attack ur page ..I have over 2000 follower I need to be verify , before I give u a good review ! please make it more user friendly ...I miss when this app was amazing now it's just annoying and get rid of President trump 
I use to like Twitter with my iPhone 7 plus because it rotated to landscape. Now that I have the iPhone X it doesn’t rotate any more. Please fix it soon!
Twitter won't allow me to tweet, or reply to DMS nor will Twitter allow my feed to refresh.
We are growing and receiving many verified people which really makes it legit. Thanks Twitter for doing what you do!
twitter bugs are taking over and scrolls to the top … by itself? Sometimes it even cuts iff my music? PLEASE DONT TAX THE APP , it will leave the girls shook. thanks
People need to chill. It’s just social media.
Seriously tho, I wish most humans were on twitter.
cool app
Brown people are ugly and disgusting.  I don’t want to see your ugly effing skin keep your shirt on.  -A very straight gay male 
Twitter needs to have entertainment like instagram
THE APP WON’T LET ME SIGN UP !!!
So annoying. Remove that search prompt please.
When return to the previous page the app freezes.
Love tweeting.
Or at the very least a setting that allows me to put my feed in chronological order. Every time I open up the app I have to scroll through the same tweets I’ve been seeing for three straight days. I don’t want to see tweets in whatever order YoU have decided for me.
There is always something w this app either pages won’t load and now when you click on a video it won’t play the sound ridiculous I’m so sick of it
Probably my most used app. However, I am noticing some weird behavior with push notifications. Even when I view my notifications in the app, the push notification doesn’t go away. It’s VERY annoying. But other than that, I love the UI, and this app is extremely reliable!
Twitter keeps locking my account for no reason, and now it’s suspended.
Open in Safari does not work
Great fun
I love this app!
Never have I been more irritated. This is the 3rd time this week it’s asking me for certain things to do in order for me to get back into my twitter. I have a new number and twitter keeps asking me to send them the code it sent to my old phone. I CANT EVEN CHANGE MY NUMBER BECAUSE IT KEEPS SAYING TWITTER IS TOO SLOW TO LOAD THEN BRINGS ME BACK TO THE SAME DAM PLACE ASKING ME TO GIVE THEM THE CODE. HELP ME IM SO FUSTRATED.
I’ve had a twitter account for so many years now. I love twitter; I’m on it half of my day: building my brand, advertising my YouTube. and promoting myself. but now I’m gonna delete it. Why because my account keeps getting locked. For no reason. I’m following the twitter rules like I’ve always been. I’m not doing anything different than what I was doing last month but now all this month i Have gotten locked out of my account or given limited access like 12 times now. Every other day. Twice a day. This keeps happening to me. To get my account back I have to go through these series of questions to make sure I’m not a robot. How many times do I have to keep going through this. The twitter support bot is no help because he doesn’t understand my questions. I’ve tweeted to twitter and twitter support many of times - No response. I even emailed some twitter email- and still no response. Please fix my problem, but until then I will be deleting the app. ✌🏻 if you want to get in touch with me @ItsShakiraMarie  Or email me twitter cause I’m sure you can see who has posted what. 
App has started being completely unresponsive for 10-15 seconds when launched after waking the phone.  Dunno what it’s doing in the background but it’s obnoxious.  About to delete it and just use the mobile website.  Worth exactly what you pay for it:  nothing. 
The best social media app. around!!
Twitter is a hate chamber. Be prepared for vitriol and the worst of humanity.
You guys have improved this app so much and it keeps getting better! Even when I'm high and stupid and can't remember anything I can navigate this app. Thanks for making this so easy!
So many ads and suggestions I don’t even know who I follow anymore. I can still remember not long ago when Twitter was actually useful app, best to look 