I'm disappointed that they don't let us see customer pictures. I'll stick with the website version.
I can’t search nor can I purchase items on the app now.! Please fix this problem. 😡
You can no longer view buyer/seller messages, or other messages for that matter. I just went through every menu item and there are nowhere to be found! How stupid is that? Argh!! Bring it back!!!
Yesterday I changed my password from my computer. Since then I have not been able to sign back in on the iPhone app. I signed out and tried multiple times to log in and couldn’t even get to a screen where I was asked to enter my username/password. I went as far as to delete and reinstall the app, but still no luck. Tested on multiple working WiFi networks and on cellular network, makes no difference. No other apps have issues, but every time I attempt to sign in, I’m greeted with a “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again” message. Stick to using the mobile version of the site or a full browser version.
Keep getting error message when I check on the order
Very quickly becoming more of a pain in the butt than a convenience.  Causes more frustration than anything.  My packages lately have either not been delivered at all or beaten up so badly that the items inside are damaged. Skip Amazon.
Just upgraded and now I always get an error message when I try to add items to my cart. Come on amazon.
Since the latest update the app won't let you proceed to checkout!  How can we make a purchase if the app won't let us?  This is extremely frustrating because now I have to use a PC to purchase items and not my iPhone!
I can not see the photos of the reviews that people do in Amazon, I can see it from my phone, but not from my iPad, fix that please.
How the hell do I check out a Kindle version of a book?! the option to add to cart disappears!
New update- now I can’t see the top of the page. The search bar, cart, the < button etc. pls fix
How come on this app most of the items won’t inform me if it fits my vehicle like dash screens
Everytime I try & buy something it errors out & says “unable to load to cart”
I love using Amazon Prime... but I keep getting notified about a part that is already delivered. I never had this issue before the last update.
Everything I add something to cart, I get error message saying to try again later. This just started after the update today. I have rebooted app and phone, still same problem
When I was buying a portable charger everything was going fine until I got to the checkout and it wouldn’t actually let me buy it. I thought it was a glitch at First or my iPad wasn’t working properly, but then I tried to buy a 1.00$ item and it still wouldn’t work.( the first item was eligible for free shipping but even when I selected the free shipping option it would not work) I do like the app but it stopped working and needs to be fixed.
Under Menu I see nothing about seeing all programs ot a treasure truck.
Am I the only one experiencing problems with the app? It’s not loading pictures or it’s always telling me their always telling me “Amazon encountered an error. Please try again shortly” and it crashes. Makes online shopping a hassle 🙄
There is an error when trying to view Orders. Please fix this bug!
After the update, it consistently says that something went wrong, and I can no longer purchase anything .
Will not accept any passwords or load any data. Always asks for a touchscreen fingerprint and never works. I know for a fact it does when I unlock my IPhone 6s with the same method moments before trying this worthless amazon app. No customer support, do not recommend at all! EBAY is the way to go!!
I used to love this app! I used it daily and it was wonderful for purchasing things on the go – I didn’t have to remember to buy things when I got home because I could simply purchase them via the app with one click while out and about.   In the last several months, however, I have had significant problems functionally using this app. I can still use this app to browse products, add things to my cart, check out reviews, etc. However, when I go to check out or look at my order history, the app gets stuck on the login process – after I put in my password, I get an error message: “sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.“  This is so odd because I can successfully add things to my cart - which must be linked to my account, because when I get home and check out on my computer, the items that I added via the app are there. I just can’t check out via the app and this has been going on for months. It is endlessly frustrating. I have all of the latest updates on my phone. My husband has the same problem and he has an older Version of iOS.  Amazon, please fix! 
Mine won’t even work with the latest update. Just keeps saying try again. I can log in fine on the same device, on safari. Please fix!!
I like Amazon and I like what they are doing with Amazon Smile, but I wish Amazon Smile was available on the app.
Try to open my orders and it pops up an error. Same with account info. Congrats developers you have made the biggest web presence in the world useless.
Issue with trying to sort by Recent reviews vs Top reviews.  Tap the button to change to recent and screen goes grayed/highlighted but no option window comes up.
As off right now I’m on WiFi at home. Tried to go on lightning deals half of the page the items of pictures loaded, but as you scroll further, just blank thumbnails. Clicked on the item and it says still loading... all this happened after I updated the app.
Prior to the last update, my app opened and loaded immediately. Since the update it often fails to load, offering up a message stating there’s a problem on their end. It happens too frequently. The search filter is limited, also. These problems are a deterrent for me to continue using Amazon to make purchases. That leaves me considering other merchants for my needs if Amazon continues with these issues.(And, yes, I am 100% positive the problem isn’t with my mobile device.)
People have been asking for in-app Amazon Smile functionally for a while now. I haven’t seen any response from Amazon. I would use Amazon for many many more purchases if I didn’t have to do a clunky work around to use both the functionality of the app, and Smile at the same time.
Please update for iPhoneX - Face ID does not work and no longer allows the app to sync with your account.
Well the app hasn’t worked right on my iPhone 7plus in months. Always has an error, something went wrong or still loading. Great when it worked. Please fix!!
The Amazon app is not working for me since the last update. It times out or gives errors for almost every search I do. If I navigate from my browser, it will open a search result but then I can’t save it to a lost or buy it without getting an error. When I DO get search results, I can’t navigate to any of them without getting an error message. Uninstalled and reinstalled, no change.
Using the app to make purchases has always been very convenient and useful. Lately though? Not at all. I have to use the website on my desktop to actually place any orders because I can’t sign in. Touch ID doesn’t work, and when I type in the same password I use on the actual website it gives me the same message every time. “Something went wrong, try again later.” Every single time I try to buy anything or even just apply a gift card to my balance. Why do I even have the app still?
2/14 Update: Still can’t search by just Prime or just Prime Pantry options, you have to look through both even if you’re only interested in one of the options. I also take issue with the horrible search sorting – sorting by anything other than “Relevance” yields significantly fewer results, and sorting “Low to High” is inaccurate. However, the biggest problem for me right now are the shopping cart glitches – where are my saved items? I keep having to close out and re-start just to complete simple purchases. Amazon, stahhhhp!  Can't sort by Prime (it won't load any products even if the first item listed was Prime), items aren't loading on search, the whole thing is just super glitchy. Please fix it, Amazon! And fix the Kindle app too, while you're at it. 
Every time I try log in, I get an error saying “Something went wrong.” I emailed Amazon support and never received a reply.
Come on- just get the app steady and functional! It would be fantastic if the list function actually worked. It would be great if deleting and adding and creating new lists actually worked.
The new update wont let me to sign in. It became useless for shopping unless i sign in from the browser
If you have an iPhoneX, don’t get this: It launches and immediately displays a message “Please check your internet connection and try again” Amazing that one of the largest tech giants can’t make a functioning app with one of the most popular current phones 
Amazon, you rock. Amazon Prime rocks. It all rocks. Even the app. But ever since the update a few days ago I’ve been having issues. I can’t apply for the Amazon Visa card, I can’t see my order history, the update has made the app basically useless for me. And since I do most of my Amazon shopping via my phone, this is a big problem for me. Please fix this, Amazon!
Can no longer check order status or place an order in app. I have to login through an browser to do either of these things. I have tried on different devices with Touch ID and with Face ID neither works. This is a basic important function that needs to be corrected.
I really like this app, but prefer to use amazon smile.. hope soon this will be an option with the app.
Until the most recent update I never had an issue on my iPad. I updated and now, even though I. Logged in, when I try to view my wishlist, it asks me to log in, with my fingerprint and 10 tries later I’m still getting the same error “something is wrong. Please try later”.  I can’t even type my password in
On my mobile phone it is going very slow and won't let me search what I want I can't even press the cart or anything else
every time i try to order something from my amazon app, i hit the “proceed to checkout” button and it says “oops something went wrong, try again later”. well i haven’t been able to order anything on my amazon app now for awhile and i’m ready for y’all to fix the problem!!!!
Every time I try to order something, my order gets cancelled. I love amazon, but this is making me very mad.
This app used to work flawlessly. Recently, the app began saying “Something Went Wrong” every time it asks for a password, which is WHENEVER I want to buy something. I have to close out of the app and log in via browser and finish the purchase there. Why even have an app at that point?
They added Face ID and now I can't log into my account.
Hardly ever works, hardly ever shows pictures when searching, can never access My Lists, half the time won’t let me change sizes, add to cart, change colors, leave feedback....works less than 30% of the time
Different screens will not load. I have reinstalled the app a few times and it still doesn’t work right. Especially when I try to view orders. This is only a problem on my IPhone the app works fine on my Android phone.
The best thing put the dash button in the home page. The only thing that they need to improve it when i do and order to asked for my fingerprints to complete the purchase thanks
This isn’t the 1st time I’ve had an issue with Amazon & not getting my products. They have changed to protecting their sellers more than their customers! Think before you buy anymore.
11.3.0 crashes when opened. Remove & uninstall fails by crashing when try to log in. Unusable
Everything was fine until the Feb 8, 2018 update.  Now the app closes a second after it opens on my iPhone 8.  Please fix this ASAP.
Hey Devs...latest update crashes the app. IPhone 6 64GB latest version of iOS 11.2.5. Can’t use app any longer. Prime member as well.
Can’t even run the app. It crashes!!!! Please fix!
Downloaded the latest update.  When I open the app and try to get to lists (on iPhone), the app crashes.  Sometimes it just crashes after a few seconds of just being open.
Update is crashing on my iPhone X. Please fix.
Please fix. App crashes every time I open it.
App is crashing immediately after startup. Just started. Love Amazon!  Need to fix this!!!
Version 11.3.0 keeps crashing on my iPhoneX. It opens, goes to the homepage and immediately crashed before I can even click the search bar. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but it continues to happen. Please fix!
Just updated my app and now it won’t let me on the app. Every time I open the app it just takes me back to my home screen.
I use this app all the time and absolutely love it! However after the update the app closes instantly
Can’t do anything the app is crashing in about 20 seconds every. Single. Time.
The app wont let me see my order history. As soon as i click on Order History, it will ask for ny password and after entering the correct password it will just keep loafing. I will have to click on some other tab and then back on Order history to see the list but as soon as i click on any past order, i will throw me back to Password screen and same thing will happen that it will just keep loading after the correct password entry. I also can’t change shipping method/speed through the app, if i click on the shipping tab, it will just take me back to my cart. It is so annoying. I have just started using the mobile web browser version instead.
After the latest update the app doesn’t let me open my orders tab or filter search results by price range like it did before.  Please correct this. 
I ordered a book on Amazon it’s still coming in but I can’t order anything else. I will select a size on an item but it keeps saying select a size when I click add to cart. I do not know how to fix it.
Updated Amazon and was going to make a purchase and app defaulted to main screen and I couldn’t return to my previous page. This has never happened on my iPhone. Very Buggy app ***UPDATE*** So far I’ve looked at two more items to buy and looked at the reviews and everything was wrong——the reviews were for different items.   DONT UPDATE THIS APP - ITS CRAP!!! 
I love using the amazon app to buy things and browse through products. I am also a huge fan of audiobooks and Audible. I wish that this app would allow me to buy my audiobooks, or use my Audible, free book a month, token. The app works amazing and is easy to use, but I just wish they would fix this.
Amazon app on iPhone X is extremely buggy. While scrolling through deals section pictures of listed items show briefly then disappear. Also when you click on an item in deals section and then go back, it takes you back to the top of the deals list. Super annoying! Please fix!!
I haven’t been able to login from the app for about 2 month every time I attempt to login I receive a message that says “sorry something went wrong, try again” with both username and password as well as Touch ID, I can’t make a purchase from the app anymore please address
I’ve been using the app for ages seamlessly. But now when I try to check on my orders it says “Oops. Something has gone wrong.” Every time. I came here to contact them and the button just ok me to information about the app on Amazon’s website. That’s not super helpful either.
New update won’t let me search, my “save for later” is gone, everything in the left-hand menus says “sorry, something went wrong. Please try again...”.
With the new app update I am unable to purchase through the app I have to log into a browser. It keeps telling me something unexpected happened. If I have to keep logging in through a browser there is no point in having the app.
I find most anything I look for at Amazon and exclusively use this app with no problems. Making, changing and even cancelling orders is a snap—as well as returning items bought. No complaints whatsoever. 👍
Amazon is horrible to not let me and others cancel their orders before it even ship shame on you amazon shame on you!
For the past week I’ve been very frustrated with the app. Whenever I try to view my orders or make a purchase and I have to put my password in, a little box pops up that says it encountered a problem. I use amazon on my laptop and my desktop with no problems and I know I’m using the correct password. I want to be able to view my orders and make purchases on my phone because it’s the most convenient. Can you fix this please?? It’s SO annoying!!
It has been ages since the update that prevents you from actually ordering anything or checking on your orders. It just puts you in an endless loop of trying to sign in and being told something is wrong. And more bad news if you use Amazon to sign into your good reads account well that's broken too.
The app works fine. Not great. It’s still easier to go to the mobile site than trying to do anything with my account in the app. Entering my password never works the first time, and I usually have to refresh to get to my orders. It has some wrinkles that need to be smoothed, and until then, I’ll just go to the mobile site for anything account-sensitive.
When searched today deals and looking into an individual product's page. You lose your place and have to filter all over again. I just use a browser so I can look at many products and use the app to track packages.
Since the new update, I am asked to login anytime I want to do anything within my account other than browsing. Great. No problem. I’m glad my information is secure... but then I get a notice saying, “Sorry. Something went wrong. Try back later.” I can only purchase items from my desktop which makes having the app on my phone worthless.
Login causes some error and not able to make a purchase.
I want to continue searching as I’ve not found what I’m looking for and this amazon app just stops showing me items. Like here witch, these were good enough. If I have to open up a computer? I’ll order from Walmart
Top part of app overlaps with time on phone battery etc. makes it harder to tap on the back arrow and other things atop the app.
Hi there a strange behavior on Amazon app when I want to view the shipping thing information some normal select and not normal view and there a video demo that have problem when I click play arrow and went back to home view and I keep try click and it went back to original home on app weird behavior please fix that situation ASAP thanks
a) why can i only use this if i'm on wifi? b) the add to wish list option is text and not styled as button.  please fix these problems. 
This app tells me “oops, something went wrong” anytime I try to do anything besides browse. Or it just keeps taking me back to my cart after I choose my delivery address. I end up having to use safari to order anything.
I was done with my selections, but it would not let me buy it Scrolling down, I saw one ad after another loading. Five minutes later, I gave up and used Safari! After I placed  My order in Safari, I went back to the Amazon Ap, and it was still loading ads!  Search is real slow!  It doesn’t use my charity Amazon version! I can’t find reviews!  I had to use safari to get the specifications.   I’m probably deleting this soon, I’ll give it one more update! 
App is fine for browsing & adding things to your cart, but if I ever try to check out, I get asked to log in followed by an error message “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” I don’t think I’ve ever successfully checked out through the app.
This app used to be really good, but lately it is horrible. I can’t actually buy anything from the app. It just doesn’t respond when I click the order button. I have to use my desktop computer to complete.  And now, whenever I try to add something to the cart, I keep getting pop ups saying that something went wrong and it cannot complete the request. Also, sometimes it will not allow me to select other options for a particular product. I’ve tried uninstalling the app and reinstalling, but still have the same problems. You’d think as big as Amazon is, they’d have someone capable of developing a workable app.
App goes into an endless loop when I try to check out. Perfect way to stop me from buying anything, ever!!!!!!!!!!
The latest update on this app is not good.  While looking at an item, I can’t pick a different color or and quantities to purchase. There is an arrow for selecting the color or quantity but it doesn’t work. I have to go to the online store (not the app) to select color or quantity.  I really hope they fix this.
Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again.
I continuously get “sorry, something went wrong”. Can’t order, have to use the mobile site. The app doesn’t load most of the time, and always asks for my password over and over. Frustrating, haven’t used it to order in quite some time. When I do the update and go into it, nothing has been fixed.
It has been a while that I couldn’t submit orders using app. It kept sending error message after I typed in login info. After put items in cart it looked ok until I clicked “submit order”. It came back to the same page without submitting the order. I sent feedback to amazon and was told they were aware of this issue, but it has been weeks and I still face this problem. I just deleted this app.
Ever since the previous 2 updates, when I try to log in, it’s says “oops something went wrong” and then is stuck on the “still loading....” page. I know I’m using the correct password cause I can login on the website. I can’t order or track an order from the app, I have to go to the website to do both. Very frustrating.
Let me start by saying I used to absolutely ADORE this app. However, in the last few updates everything has gone to hell in a hand basket. Adding items to the cart? Works just fine. Purchasing said items in cart? Nope. No can do. Every time I click on the place order button, it acts like it’s processing the order then just reverts back to my cart with the items still in it. The only way I can purchase anything is if I use the one click option. Also, the app will randomly ask me for my password when I have been logged in and using the app for some time and then tell me its wrong. Yet nothing changes except I have to force close the app and start all over because it\'s stuck in this stupid password glitch. Same thing happens whenever I try to look at anything with my account. It will ask for a password and tell me it’s wrong or that an error occurred and make me force close.
Please calibrate customer service chat for iPhone X. It was very frustrating trying to send a message, but needing to click above the box for it to actually work. Other than that, the app is great!
My parents and I each have separate amazon accounts and I frequently need to sign them in to theirs to help use gift cards or order household items. The process of signing in and out is a bit tedious. I don’t think the sign out button should be hidden under a second, separate settings menu. It should be the first option in the menu. It would also help me to avoid buying something with the wrong account.
App won’t let you click on and use your reward money after update happened
Current app doesn’t support fingerprint access on iPhone 8plus. Every time I try to sign in or check out, and I’m prompted to submit my fingerprint, I receive and error code that something went wrong. I’ve uninstalled this app 3 times. It’s terrible. I fix needs to come soon. I’m an avid amazon shopper. The ease of this app is necessary.
Was great app, but it would not let you browse more than one page at a time; when looking at a certain sellers products.
Ever since your last update whenever I sign into your app on my phone I get a message that says something went wrong and to try again later. I am writing this here because I couldn’t find anyplace to submit feedback on it.
Works like the Amazon website except for problems with notifications.   I keep getting messages that my parcel will delivered after it was delivered.   In addition on both my iPhone and my iPad touch ID simply does not work therefore I can only add items to my shopping cart and then I have to log into my PC to actually complete the order. 
Since the last update my ability to log on with the fingerprint reader has stopped working. I cannot get it to work anymore. I am deleting the app and just using the website to access Amazon. Worthless.
Very difficult to follow what you have ordered in this latest version. I doubled ordered, because it wasn’t clear that the order had been placed. A orders pending on the app would be helpful.
The last update was a nightmare, can’t sign in. Always getting an error that reads something went wrong. Stop trying to fix what was never broken!
So as you are reading this review keep in mind that I love Amazon. I have prime and I use it regularly. I love the app for my iPhone. However The app for iPad ...... needs some serious help. You cant add items to registries easily. When I opened it I felt like I had my old bar phone trying to look at a website 7 years ago. I’m going to be deleting it and just using the browser from here on out. Please Please PLEASE work on it. Thanks.
After the latest update, I can no longer use the fingerprint reader to sign in.   Also ... when are you going to create an app for Amazon Smile. 
Can’t check on my order status. Whenever I click to go to my orders I get an unknown error.
I keep on trying to place an order but the screen just goes back to the cart page. Iphone x can't place an order
Every time I click on a video for a product, it takes me back to home page. Have to restart my search.
I love amazon, and this app is great it has everything you need all in this app
I can no longer look at my previous orders! Everytime it asks for my password and says and error has occurred and won’t let me view anything!
The app disappears off my iPhone 7. I have to download the app every single time I want to use it. A little bit inconvenient. I’ve tried everything including calling Amazon but they couldn’t help me.
‘Swipe Right’ [to go back to the previous page in the app] does not work after you drill down into ‘Description’ or ‘Features & details’ sections of a product page. It seems to correctly on from other pages.  Please fix this issue on these pages.  Also it would be great if you could swipe down on the enlarged product photos to return to the main product page; similar to how swiping down on a photo in the iOS Photos app allows you to return to the Album View. 
My mobile app stopped working in December after I reached out to support I’ve been told that it’s a known issue and they are working on a problem. No update since then. The app crushes every time I’m prompted to enter my password.
I can't sign in since the new update, had to use the web browser to complete my most recent transaction. Please fix soon!
Keeps asking me to log in. States there’s an error when I hit “place my order”.  But I can change my credit card info and add to cart. I have to log in to web page to place order
I am a professional software developer and I just spent the last five minutes (literally) trying to find out how to log out of this app.  Still haven't found it - permanent log in?  What the heck amazon?
After the last update I can no longer sign in to my account using the app. I can sign in using a browser just fine, but not the app.
I have installed and uninstalled this app multiple times and it will not load. Says to check internet connection
Every time I use the app to check my orders it tells me something went wrong and then says still loading. Please fix this.
I used to be able to use this app before Christmas, but now it doesn’t allow me to select cards and even typing in the Password and will error out. 1 Star for messing up your app. Fix it ASAP!!
Please fix this mess!!!!! Some new updates was done to iOS and it’s causing issues with the app, I can’t no longer look at old purchases nor buy anything from the app , I have to go to the website. Amazon please fix this! I buy from amazon VERY frequently and this is very inconvenient
I can’t sign in and I can’t view my orders. It just says something went wrong and to try again later. I’ve tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it doesn’t work
Freezes all the time when I try to hit back button. Opens when I try to use safari to search amazon. Really annoying.
Won’t let me proceed to checkout
Please do another update. This update does not enable lists on iPad app
no touch id. won’t save password. forces you to constantly re-enter password. huge time waster.
Every time I want to do anything it asks for my password, then it says “something went wrong” I’m sick of it. Having to go to a browser to place orders now because they doesn’t want to work. I haven’t been able to complete an order on this app for so many months I don’t remember. I’ll just order less or not at all.
I try to change my payment to not use my gift card balance and it just takes me back to the order page.  Also when I log in it always gives an error message although it seemed to work.  I expect more from Amazon. 
Might be the new IOS update but the app for my iPhone 7+ just shows a flashing blank screen. Let’s get an update Amazon and quick.
This app keeps using up substantial chunks of my my battery with background activity, even though I have background app refresh turned off for this app. Checked with Apple support and they said it absolutely should not be doing that.  What’s up with that??
This has been a garbage and completely useless app on iPhone for over 6 months. Impossibly to check out of cart, it just keeps kicking back to “proceed to checkout” after selecting where I want my items shipping. So inconvenient to have to open safari, log in to amazon again, then checkout, and then inevitably have to type some info in that should have been saved.
Used to use it all the time, but in recent weeks it keeps bouncing back to the cart when Im trying to check out. After years of using Amazon, it’s time to find another source! Disappointed!
iPhone app not working. After update the app will not successfully complete an order.
This app constantly makes me sign in. Then I'm in and then I start to scroll and I have to sign in again. I've rebooted and I've download a newer version and still the same. I constantly get a "something went wrong" error message.
I can’t use the app without getting that message. I can’t check my last orders or place new orders. You can buy Whole Foods but have a shaky app?!?
Every time I open the app it tells me my internet connection is poor. But people will open the app right next to me on their phones and it’s fine. WiFi, data, nothing works. I want to be able to use the app, but no update fixes it. Not sure what’s up but please fix it
The back button is in a terrible spot. Please fix.
There are many issues with the app not loading correctly or buttons not responding to touch. Especially in the top area where the time is.   The most annoying issue is, if you make a purchase and then try to make another purchase minutes after, the app just will crash after you click on “checkout”.  You have to go to the website to actually go through checkout. 
I can’t view the product pages using the app. When I click on the links, I get nothing but a flashing white page that never loads. I have to remember to open the amazon.com site in Safari to view product pages. I keep hoping they’ll fix this, but it’s been ages now. I have an iPhone 6s and am current on all updates.
When you scroll down the deals, images disappear for a moment and reappear after some 3-4 sec. That continuously happens as long as you scroll! Not an expect from Amazon! 
Get rid of the one click purchase. I’ve bought things on accident 3 times now.
It has been telling me for over a week now to check my internet connection and try again. I have checked and been on WiFi, everything on my phone works but this app. 😡
It would really help to have another app open for reference while shopping. Product detail and descriptions aren't always the best on amazon. Seems like a straightforward update.
I don’t know what the deal is but any time I try and view my order history, account or even try and sign out I just get a pop up saying that sorry something has gone wrong please try again. Been doing this for at least a week now. Not sure if it’s related to Touch ID but every time I go to a screen that wants my fingerprint, after doing so I get the error.
add support for smart invert colors.
App used to work great. But the last two updates broke it all over the place. Touch ID no longer works. Can’t change shipping options. Can’t even CHECK OUT!  I’m using the browser version. 
Update:  still broken. "Still loading" and "something went wrong", the two most common phrases you'll see when trying futilely to use this app.  I just make purchases elsewhere when using my iPad because amazon has the most resource intensive website that is almost unusable on mobile devices.  ------- The widget stopped working and the app freezes when you do things like try to check S&S or just browse. 
Updated app 5 days ago and now cannot view lists. Might as well not have the app! App tells me to update to view lists - DUH!
After the latest software update, the app no longer works properly. I can search for things but I can’t view orders, place orders or add things to my cart or wishlist. And today it won’t allow me to sign in. I keep getting a message that says “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”
Still no back button once you click Amazon at the top! The arrow disappears. You can’t go back to your previous page if you accidentally click Amazon. It will bring you to the homepage without any way to go back to previous page. BIG FLAW! Please fix this.
Ok. I really love shopping on amazon but one thing really irritates me. When your looking for something you can only go one way and if you lose the page your on you have to start over. Why don’t you have a right arrow ?  I’m using the app on my iPhone am I missing something.
App works for browsing. Saving to lists. Adding to cart.  Will Not Work For Final Checkout.  Weird that Amazon would not like to complete purchase from app.   What’s up with fingerprint login??  Ever going to show up? 
When I use the app on my iPad and select my orders, it prompts me for the Touch ID and then I get an error saying, “sorry something went wrong. Please try again.”  And then the screen says “still loading”and it never comes up. This does not happen on iPhone app, just on iPad.  ☹️
Tried several times no response from app.  Tried several days later same thing happened.  Had to go to desktop to order
Amazon is my favorite place to shop. I often browse for deals and gift ideas when I have nothing better to do. However since this new update, it’s IMPOSSIBLE for me to check out. I get the error “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” Repeatedly. First it was just signing in. Which I already was because my wish list was loading and I was able to add something to my Kindle via Kindle Unlimited yesterday. After about 3 tries, I finally was able to log in. Thought it was a fluke. Then it took another 5 tried to verify shipping address because when I clicked to choose the address, it would crash the pop up and go back to my cart. When it came time to choose shipping method since my order qualifies for free shipping.... let’s just say I gave up after 5 tries.
Ever since I got my iPhone X ap stopped working. It scans my face then say something went wrong please try again later been doing that for the last 3 days straight
This last update killed my Amazon iPad app. It does not work now. I only get an error message. It works fine on my iPhone, but app no longer works on my iPad. Please fix ASAP!!  UPDATE: Two days after latest update and still can’t use my iPad app. FIX THIS...PATCH REQUIRED‼️ 
Some sort of glitch when I go to my shopping cart to purchase my items, it makes me long in again, then tells me there is a problem and to try again later 😡 so frustrating!
I get an error that says something went wrong. Please try again.
Right now I’m pretty disappointed I can’t access anything on my account through the app but as soon as I go through the safari it works. Please fix it or I’m going to delete it. It shows up an error any time I try to order anything or go into see my previous orders.
Been using this app for a while now and I think it deserves a 5 star, but recently it’s been freezing on the opening frame and I have to close out of it.
Great product worked well as predicted  Video was very helpful to put together! Thank you 
I’ve been using this app for a long time now I cannot load the app to place an order and it asks for my password every two seconds and then says there’s way an error and when I use it I’ve been hacked I was not sure if it was my phone so I rebooted it call customer service they cannot figure it out after I rebooted my phone I had no problem and then the app started glitching and waiting my password over and over again and now I’m hacked again ugh very frustrating
I legit can not open my Amazon app. I have deleted it and re-downloaded it. I keep getting this “please check your internet connection and try again” (CS1) on the screen and no matter what I do I am unable to use on my phone. If there is anyone else going thru this what can I do to fix this issue.
You guys are simply amazing! The app is so user friendly! I couldn’t ask for a better shopping experience! Thank you! This app runs great on the X!
I cant view my orders or buy anything without the app telling me something went wrong. So im not sure what this app is really for at this point.
Every time I’m redirected to login to view my account it says “Sorry there has been an error”. Every time. Started before Christmas and had to do all online shopping at a desktop. App isn’t great
Suddenly this is terrible - error logging in. Buttons not working in app. Fix did not fix anything......
Keep getting an error every time I try to log in. Never had this before but a quick update or fix would be nice
(1) For the first few minutes after installing the present app (for a second time!), I could press "Your Other Lists" and view my Shopping List. Then, it's stuck in Wish List.   (2) I often press the "Return". Nothing happens.   Never had these problems before the app was changed. 
I’ve tried to make purchases but keep getting the “something went wrong” error when I try to complete the transaction. If I try to make changes, like picking a different card, it sends me back to the shopping cart. I also have similar problems when checking out order history after I go through a login prompt.
Kudos to the Amazon app folks. They did an update and immediately there was a problem with the toolbar. But within a couple of days they had it fixed and the app is working great. It’s really a great app (again)
Months after the iPhone X is released Amazon cannot get its act together to fix the Face ID problem their app has. Train wreck! Failure! Cannot view orders, place them, etc.
I used to have no problem with this app. Now, recently, I have tried to make several orders and when I press “place order” it brings me back to lproceed to checkout” very frustrating and renders the app completely useless. Please fix this issue.
My app updated to the latest version which was supposed to fix the upper tool bar functionality. It didn’t; it’s just gotten worse. The app now crashes after the toolbar stops responding. I could not find an easy way to contact the developers to report this issue. I would have rather sent a message, not call or have to rate the app. I haven’t had trouble with the app before this issue.
Haven’t been able to complete a purchase in the app for weeks. Super buggy checkout funnel.
App freezes and some buttons no longer work with the new update.
Why not a version that works with your Amazon Smile account?  I won't use the app until it supports Amazon Smile
I have a new iPhone X so it’s not my software, the new amazon app does not let me tap anything on the top 1/4 of the screen (wishlist, cart, orders button, nothing). Fix this!!!!
App is awesome again, thanks for fixing top navigation bar!
EDIT: increased to 2 Stars after the last update corrected the upper tool bar issue. The Refine Search issue hasn’t been resolved.   Last updated 1-13-18 on iPhone 7 IOS 11.2.2. “Back” arrow quit working & the refine filter that specifies Verified Purchases Only often doesn’t provide a check box. 
Every time I try to search for a product I can search only one time then the back and search buttons stop working and I have to close the app and start it again.
Latest app update will not let me go back from the description page. No matter what I click on, I can’t escape the product description. Also, the “Back” button appears to be broken now, so it doesn’t work when I click on it from pretty much any screen. I have to exit to home, close the app, and hen open it again.
I love shopping on Amazon but two fixes are needed. They need to stop charging my credit card for prime when I don’t even sign up for prime and every time I try and look at an existing order, I enter my password, and it always says an error has occurred. Then I have to use the web version of amazon. Please fix this error message and allow us to use TouchID for our password.
Latest version disables the entire top bar on the iPhone 7 after switching in and out of the app. Must restart app to get it to work again. This is a significant bug that reflects very poorly on the app’s QA process.  Update: while this bug is fixed in the current release, no information is available regarding the status of the associated QA processes. 
can you guys please add an archive option for your amazon app on mobile
Newest update fixed the search issue. Thank you!
I LOVE Amazon!!! But my app keeps getting stuck the last few days!!! It is so frustrating!!!  Please fix it ASAP!!!
Can’t push the back button, search function, Amazon main page button or cart. Please fix!
I’ve been using this app to purchase items from amazon for years with no problem.  But as of recently I can’t view orders, purchase orders as I get the “something went wrong” error.  Used to love this app as it worked flawlessly but it’s a shame it’s not working anymore.
Very disappointed.   Since the last update the buttons don’t work /freeze up.  Cannot go back a page or cart when browsing .  Have to close app and reopen. This is on my iPhone 7. I do a lot of shopping on Amazon and this is so frustrating and wastes time.  Please fix ASAP
I was trying to report this issue on a support page, but didn’t find where to do it. I ended writing here.  Latest version 11.1.2 instead to fix a toolbar menu fix, introduced it. I have 11.2.2 on Iphone 7 plus. Is annoying not being able to return to previous page. 
Still having issues with the top navigation bar even after the update! Ugh!!!! So frustrating!
Lately the buttons at the top of the screen, ie., search and menu, have stopped being responsive.  This happens when I switch to the home screen or another app and then switch back to Amazon.  They start working again after force closing and reopening.  Not a screen issue.   Other than that, I really enjoy the function of the app. 
Freezes when I try to search, and then I have to completely restart the app.  How annoying.
Constantly freezes after last update. Have to shut app down and reload to fix
Latest update is broken, nav bar becomes unresponsive quickly, I have to constantly force quit and restart the app to use it.
The app is completely useless if the top bar functions are not usable!  Love Amazon, but I hate their App.  When I click on the top bar there is no response.  I cannot even go back... stuck at the product or page!
Buttons on top of the screen,.. back, search, menu, etc. intermittently won’t work with new update on iPhone 8.
The last update that purportedly addressed an issue regarding unresponsive tool bar and navigation functions, but has instead disabled these things instead of fixed them.  When I surf around looking at product pages, I am unable to get the back arrow at the top of the pages to respond. This was not an issue prior to this update. Please fix ASAP. It makes navigating the app impossible. 
The app does not work.  Non responsive screen all most all the time useless since last update.
The last update screwed something up. Half the time, the app works fine. The other half, I can't tap on anything in the upper 1/4 of the screen. This is where the search bar, back, cart, etc are located. That's kind of a big deal if I'm supposed to use this to look at or buy anything. I close the app and everything in the background and other apps work perfectly. It's definitely the Amazon app.
The last couple of days I’ve had this bug where sometimes from the search bar up I can’t click anything making it impossible to navigate. This seems like a very serious bug. Otherwise I love the app.
Amazon is always my go to but recently the icons on the top of the app don’t work on my phone the search my orders it once I open but once I press one the icons they all stop working
Issues, buggy. What is happening to this Amazon app?  Use to be good but has been crap lately.
Recently updated and now I can’t use the search bar or camera search from the homepage. Also, pulled up the “more information” on an item and now the ‘back’ button doesn’t work. Useless.   Also, can you PLEASE get rid of that Wish List tray?!!! 
I use this app often. Since the latest update, when I am looking at an item. If I touch the back arrow, nothing happens. Most times nothing in the top toolbar works. Sometimes I can get to my cart. But not BACK. Like back to my search or list from viewing an item.  I usually have to force close the app. Then start my search again. Please fix!!! 
Just installed the latest version of this app.  After a few mins of browsing items I try and hit the back button or any icon in the top menu bar and it does not respond.  I have to close down the app and then it works for a few mins and then does the same thing.  I cleared my cache via settings and reopened the app but the problem still persists.  This did not happen in previous version.  Amazon you need to fix this. Using a iPhone 7+  Updated to 5 stars.  11.01.2 is much better!  Thank you Amazon! 
So frustrating. The top 10% of the screen, which includes the back button and the search bar, and the main menu, doesn’t work on my iPhone X. If I force close the app and restart it, it works for maybe one or two clicks, and then it’s dead again. This is the only app I have issues with and it’s SO ANNOYING PLEASE FIX!!!!!
Unable to check the option to use points. Happened after the last update.
Hello. The app is great but with this version there is a bug where i cant go back or search after i select a product and be on the product details screen. Im running the latest iOS version on iPhoneX. Can provide more details if needed.
Once I select an item to look at the details and reviews the back button no longer works. I need to close the app and relaunch and search for the product all over again. This is a very disruptive bug. It is fairly new as I use the app very often and just began seeing the issue today. Using a iPhone 7 iOS 11.1.2.
New iPhone update won’t let me click anything on the top menu bar once I click on an item. I can’t go back, click menu, search or go to my cart.
Review not for company nor products as that can be done elsewhere - App alone.  Had issues today with certain functionalities not being compatible with recent iOS updates. Amazon chat function within app allowed me to report this issue. Update was available within hours to correct. That’s exactly how updates and bug fixes should be done.   A+ 
Want to hit the back button? Go ahead, but nothing will happen. This version is crazy buggy. It hangs and freezes up.
I love amazon I shop there daily and an update has made the app unusable, the top row of items don’t respond to touch in the app, they work in every other app so it’s not my phone it’s an app error.
Since the last update I can’t use the go back arrow, search or check my lists... I can use the search if I close the app and reopen. This is ANNOYING
Can't cancel order through app. I have to log online through my computer to cancel an order. Please fix this. It's been three updates and this still hasn't been fixed.
I love amazon and I love the app, at least I did love their app. For the past few days however it has been very very slow. Now it never loads. When it does load it doesn’t display everything, half the pictures are missing. In the off chance everything displays as it should, the app freezes and you can’t go back or select anything. You have to close the app and then restart it, then you’re back to square one. I’m writing this review to make amazon aware, so they fix their app. Thank you!
The top bar with menu, arrow, search, cart... doesn’t work anymore! And please make the app stop vibrating when I add something to the cart!
iPhone 6 with iOS 11.2.1. When looking at an item, top ribbon isn’t functional. You can’t go back, chose the menu, search or go to cart. Bad bug that makes app worthless.
After update, current version is slow and freezes. Not responsive to touch until like the tenth time you try to select something.
Top menu keeps freezing and have to close out the app to use again
This is an app I use almost daily, to check prices and/or purchase items. Been an app user since it came out. But recently, the app just becomes unusable at times.   Not sure if this is a bug on iOS 11, the iPhone X or just in recent app versions. I will search for an item, and then go to the details of the item. Everything works fine, and I can purchase the item or follow links to other suggested items. BUT, the top bar with the search and back buttons completely becomes disabled. So, I can’t go back to the list of items in my original search (or search again) without closing the app completely (swipe up, hold, swipe away) and re-launching it.  Such an annoying bug.... Makes searching for the right item time-consuming and frustrating - which leads to me not buying from Amazon. 
Back button and menu but keep stopping responding. Have to kill and restart app each time I look at a product
I like most things with this app however the newest update will not let me hit the back button to go back to my search results. Restarted the app and my phone multiple times and no luck. Also wish I could disable wish list on the bottom of the screen it takes up space and I don’t need to view it constantly.
Can’t use the back button anymore! App keeps getting stuck (iPhone). Once it’s stuck, only shutting it down and restarting it lends to recovery. Until you try to use the back button again. Come on amazon, I’ve been a customer since you started but this has to be worst app update ever!!!
Back arrow doesnt work. I constantly have reopen app. 😣
Never had a problem but lately the app keep freezing and now it won’t let me use the search bar at all. Not a fan of the wish tray either it’s just in the way.
1/12 update: The search bar does not always work!  Screen is locking up as well 
App now freezes on iPhone. After looking at an item it completely freezes and have to shut app down and restart. It happens repeatedly since last iOS update. Please help!
I used to love this app, but now it’s really hard to navigate thru. Things I do like using the back button, or clicking on basket just doesn’t doe anything. Thought it was my phone touch screen was being unresponsive, but I’m only having issues on Amazon.
Is it just me or when you do a search, get search results, tap into an interesting item, then click one of the photos, you can’t get back to your search?!!  The <- back arrow just doesn’t respond.  Very annoying.  2 stars  update 1/13/17: Wow that was fast.  Seems the issue was fixed with latest release!  5 stars! 
Does not work after the latest iOS update. Programmers need to update this ASAP.
I love Amazon but there is a glitch that won’t let me click certain options! I have to close the app and try again just so I can search for something, but it ends up doing the same thing again. It’s very aggravating.
Touch actions are off for different sections of the app. Won’t open menu, search windows, etc.
The latest update a few days ago broke the app. It is constantly freezing and requires a hard close of the app and then reopen to get it working again. Temporarily. Until it freezes again. Hope they issue a quick fix.  Edit: they just updated again. Will see what happens. Release notes didn’t change so I imagine it’s a bug fix. 
Can no longer navigate ‘back’ a page on iPhone X, after the recent update (13-Jan-2018). Please fix asap.
I love Amazon, but I can't use it now with the update!! Please fix! The buttons at the top don't work.
My amazon app is glitching out! The top bar with the search button and the back button won’t work... Those are kind of essential parts of the app. I keep closing the app and reopening it hoping for better results, but it hasn’t helped yet.
The search bar hasn’t been working for me since this last update. Please fix.
Reported an issue with an update recently ok installed and a new version was available within 4 hours fixing the bug!
Love the app but I think the recent update broke the very top bar after moving in and out of a few items and shopping cart. I have to force close the app and then finish my shopping. Otherwise stellar app and compliments the amazon lifestyle well
Need to fix the problem for the iPhone X where the top menu buttons don’t work. I can’t click on my cart, or go back or anything.
Top app buttons on iPhone X doesn’t work, can’t blackout can’t search, the app is useless.
I’ve had to force quit and restart countless times. Please fix!
After a search,  buttons at top, back, menu etc become unusable.  Restart required
Can’t use the top toolbar to search, go back, or view my cart. Please fix
On the mobile app, when I go to look at an item and I want to go back, the back button doesn’t do anything. I have to close out of the app and go back to what I was doing. Just started doing this today. I tried restarting my phone but that’s not the problem cuz it’s still doing it
Ever since the last update, the app keeps freezing. I can’t use the search or back buttons after a few minutes being on the app. Very Frustrating...I have to close the app and then go back in.
After yesterday’s update the app now doesn’t quite read when I tap anything on the top bar of the app ex. “See all Lists”, the back arrow, and the shopping cart.
What was once a great app is now garbage! Got an iPhone X app doesn’t work anymore.Can’t search for items can do anything with the top of the app.
I love it but recently I haven’t been able to search anything in the search bar or click on much of anything. Please help. Thank you.
Nice going Amazon, after updating 2 days ago the back button no longer works...how frustrating. I purchase SO many things off Amazon and now this app is pretty useless because after I look at one item I have to force close the app to look at another item since the back button stopped working.   The app used to be great until the latest update but now it's nothing but a constant frustration. 
Every time I open the app I see my profile pic, so I know I’m signed in. I go to ‘my orders’ and it has me sign in every time and every time it displays an error msg saying something went wrong...should I reinstall he app?
This update/App is a mess. It doesn’t allow me to type in the search area, it doesn’t let me click on certain areas. When I click on reviews, the screen just goes dark grey. Just awful.
I can no longer click in the top search bar.
The app update caused the app to glitch. The search button and the top bar is stuck. It doesn’t work. Please fix.
The back arrow doesn’t respond sometimes causing you to close the app. Very annoying!
With the latest update it freezes and can’t search and order items effectively, needs a fix asap
It was working flawlessly but the recent update missed it up. I can no longer press to search i can only scroll down. Plz fix it
I can’t press back, search or the cart. The entire top of the app does not work now.
App simple stops working. Please fix the problem ASAP.
The hamburger menu, back arrow, etc. periodically don't work. Everything below and above them do. Then it'll spontaneously resolve. Help? Otherwise Amazon is the best
This just started today, once I’m looking at an item, the top bar stops responding. I can’t go back, view the menu or search..
Please update again, with this version the back arrow and search button stopped working.
Amazon buttons are not working. I try to click on the top buttons, such as go back (arrow) and the three lines and to go to my registry and they aren’t working!! App needs and update or an update fix!!
After the latest update it’s not working correctly you can I go back it get stuck trying to order need fixing 👎🏿
Checking out and actually buying things is impossible in this version. It continuously asks for your password, and every time says that something went wrong.  Please fix.
I’m having an issue with the top of the app, menu etc... freezing on iPhone X
The current app freezes and won’t let you back space or tap the menu. It needs a patch fast!
The top control features do not respond. The left error or back button does not respond on iPhone X after the latest update. Also the search field that brings up the keyboard does not always respond after the update. You have to close the app and restart to get it to work, then only works for a few clicks. Needs a bug fix ASAP for iPhone X
Version that updated a few days ago causes major issues when searching. Primarily trying to use the back button on my IPhone X. Otherwise would get four stars.
App updated yesterday and now the menu/search back arrow etc. are unresponsive. They work only the first time the app is loaded then after that they do not respond to any touch input! I have to force shut down the app then reload it for it to work.... for one input command then unresponsive again. The rest of the app below the menu work just fine. Using iPhone X.
I have never had any problems with the amazon app until today, whenever I open it it will let me look up just a few things before it stops letting me use the “back” key or any of the other options at the top of the screen. I have restarted my phone re-downloaded the app and it is still the same. I really loved amazon but now I cannot even use it at all on my phone. :( 
The app just updated yesterday and now the top navigation bar does not work. No search, no back button, no home... only option is to close out the app and relaunch it.
Since the update yesterday the app constantly freezes up.
I have never had a problem with this app until this last update. Now the top ribbon is chronically unresponsive. I can’t get the back arrow to work, access the menu or select my cart from the top. Please fix!
I LOVED the app...until the latest update. Now all it does is freeze and is virtually Un-usable. Thinking about deleting it unless it gets fixed.
Please fix the “back” button, which isn’t working correctly since the app’s last update.
Seems to be a new issue when going into a product description, or a list, and wanting to use back button for last page, arrow is not responding. Reboot did not solve.  I can close app from background and go back in, but it only helps temporarily and I have to continue doing this in order to use the app. It’s making it borderline unusable.  Strange bug that has never been a problem.  Not the only use having this problem.  Looking forward to it being fixed. 
Cannot use top menu bar at all. You add something to your cart and you cannot checkout.
None of the top navigation buttons are working. I can’t search check my wish list or orders.  This problem just started happening.
Love Amazon but after my latest upgrade the app freezes!
All of a sudden after looking at items and descriptions it freezes and does not go back to previous page or cart or any icons that you press. Have to force close and reopen app
There’s an issue where I can’t press the buttons on the top banner after a while. They just don’t respond. Back button, cart, etc. very annoying. Have to restart the app. Clicking on something else appears to re-activate it too.
The other day the app automatically updated and now everything on the top bar is very buggy. The search bar in particular will not work at all - VERY inconvenient. Please fix!
After a few moments of use, the top portion of the screen where the “back arrow” and “shopping cart” are, become nonresponsive. I have to restart the app in order to get through purchases. This is a new problem is very annoying!!!
Love amazon but search function not working.. Can’t really use the app without it
the top bar with the back arrow and the hamburger menu doesn’t respond to touch! this is on multiple iphones. How the heck did amazon release this?
I’ll be browsing and the nav buttons will suddenly become unresponsive. So I can’t go back or open the hamburger menu or anything.   Only way to fix it is to force quit the app, which is extremely frustrating when you’re like pages deep in search results and have to lose your place in order to use the app. 
Since the last update tapping on the top portion where search, cart, etc frequently gets disabled and only solution is to either exit and reopen the app or force it to close and relaunch it. Makes searching such a pain and I’ve just quit using the app whenever I run into this problem.
The amazon app has always need good, but after the last OS update, and amazon app update, its quit responding to me. When I touch search or the drop down for my account or the back button in app to return to the previous page, it does nothing. This happens when I newly start the app and even restarting the app or phone doesn’t help. I tried to find a way to report this to amazon but there was nothing here or on their site or at the amazon help page. I hope this gets fixed soon!
Normally the app works great, but I’m having trouble with the latest version.  After using the app for a while, it starts to develop “dead zones” in certain parts of the screen, particularly at the top bar.  I have to fully lose out of the app and restart it on my device to get it working again.
I’ve used this app for several years with no problems. This latest update is a problem. It won’t respond when I try to search for an item. It’s like it’s frozen. I have to close the app and then reopen for it to respond. Once I do that, it’ll work for one search item and then it’ll freeze again. Please fix!
App just updated & now I can’t use the back arrow up top. I have to force close & try again. It still doesn’t work....
App keeps on hanging if i go to cart every time i use this app. It has become practically impossible to use this on phone anymore! This is after the latest update.
Never had one bit of problem with this app and now the top menu freezes all the time!  Horrible update!
The last update was horrible. My app freezes as soon as I open a product and I can’t get out of it. Needs a fix and soon. I’ve never had a problem until now and it makes me want to scream in frustration!
I’ve been using this app for years with no issues. Yesterday’s update makes it so the back button and menu button are unresponsive. Have tested this on 3 different iPhones. It’s a shame because I use this app everyday
Are use Amazon regularly to shop. The new version has me constantly restarting. Every time I click on a product, I cannot return back because the top toolbar does not work. Please fix this.
Back button stopped working under iOs 11.2.2 Update needed...iPhone freezes in App requiring page removal or restart to use App 
This used to be one of the most reliable apps.  Now the developers are breaking basic functionality.  This new version will lockup the top navigation bar to the point that the app becomes useless.  Takes 3-4 restarts of the app just to buy a couple of things.
Once I do a product search, I have difficulty getting back to a search or main menu as the menus are unresponsive to touch.  On occasion they work perfectly fine.  Close and reopen the app in order to fix, but then I lose my results list.
Ever since this new update I have been having problems with the Amazon tool bar at the top. I can't search or got back. I have to close the app and open it back up. It will only work that one time you do something with it but after that you have to close it and do the same thing over again.
Recently, every time I search for a product I can’t go back or search something new. I have to close the app in order to do a new search. I read online that there are other users experiencing the same problem. The app support option isn’t helpful in terms of submitting this report. Hope there’s a fix coming soon
Yesterday’s update broke the app. After looking at a products pictures the back arrow no longer works and you have to get out of the app and re-search to get back to the search list. Please fix!
I use this app almost daily or every other day. Today once I click on an item to view it, the back button no longer works. Neither does the menu or any of the other buttons across the top. I think whatever new version they did yesterday is what is screwing this up. Please fix. The only option I have is to close the app down and try to start over every time I want to view an item. I’m on an iPhone 7 Plus.
iPhone X cannot use back button, cannot type in search.  Useless until fixed !
It just updated. On my iPhone 7, the options on the top menu won't work. I tap the search or the back arrow, etc., and after the first time it won't work. I close it all the way down and I get one chance. Mistakes happen. Please fix it.
Since the last update, I cannot use the back button to go back to the list after viewing a product! I have to close the entire app, then go back into it, and start search again, scroll through list to find where I left off. EXTREMELY INFURIATING! PLEASE FIX ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not sure what happened!  This app was pretty much the only app that consistently worked without question.  Then the most recent update appears to have caused issues with the top row menu links (back, search, etc). They freeze and no longer respond. Very annoying!  Get on it Bezos!
When you search and click on an item within the search results, the back button from the product detail page doesn’t work half the time. You can still scroll and click on other links on the product detail page, it’s just the upper left corner of the screen that’s stopped working. Only way to get back to the search results is by swiping left to right. Please fix.
I love this app but since the last update I have trouble with the back button. It’s so frustrating.
Since the latest update I can not click the search bar to search for items!! Please this as the app is useless if I can’t search for what I need. Thanks
Latest update has an issue with the “back” arrow.   Can’t go back.  Only way to exit is to close app and double tap home button to completely close out app.  Very frustrating.
It’s constantly acting frozen.  I try closing it out, turning off and on my phone, still acts that way. Only having this issue since the latest iPhone update.  I can’t get it to search or go back... it just acts unresponsive to lots of my directions.
I don’t know what happened with this latest update, but the toolbar at the top often stops working on my 6s and I need to close and reopen the app to make it work again. App is basically useless when you can’t even get to your shopping cart to check out.
After going to the wish list, the top horizontal menu doesn’t work. Such as Back or Search feature. After phone reboot it works again.   After looking at item, cannot go back. But the app recovers if I reboot just the app. So I look at item then cannot go back. I reboot app and re-search.  Rather time consuming.   I consider this a catastrophic issue for such a large generally competent company like Amazon. 
New bug in latest version where the back and menu button DO NOT work. Please fix. Otherwise love the app.
When trying to click on the back arrow or on search nothing happens.
The app won’t let me update anything! After trying to checkout 50 times, when I finally get to the checkout I can’t update shipping, point preferences etc. When checking out it asks for my password then I receive a “something went wrong error” but if I keep trying it finally lets me checkout. Then in checkout it won’t let me change to free shipping or choose to use my points or not. It glitches and throws me back to my cart. Seriously the most frustrating app ever. I’d rather go to the store and buy what I need than have to mess with this dang app!
I keep having to force close the app in order to get it to be touch responsive. Please fix. iPhone 7 11.2.2
Hell there is some weird issue with amazon on the iPhone X. I am in able to use the top button (back, cart) I usually have close out the app then re open it but that’s kinda unfortunate. Please fix thank you
Just after upgrade to latest amazon app the top bar back arrow and search functions freeze up with no response. Not good as I do plenty of purchases from my iPhone. Amazon fix this issue!
Latest update appears to have broken basic navigation. Once I click to view an item, back button (and other buttons in menu bar) stops working on an iPhone X running 11.2.2. Makes app unusable. 
Latest update broke the navigation buttons on iPhone X. Have to quit and relaunch app frequently to make it responsive.
When viewing an item, no icons in the top blue area work on iPhone X. Please fix this. Thank you.
the “back” arrow doesn’t work. you have to close the app and reopen so it’s too annoying to use.
Needs a new update. Back arrow button and menu box not working.
The latest update did not help. I can no longer use the buttons for search, back, cart, etc. ALL the buttons in the top blue search bar do not work. Please please fix this! I use this app ALL THE TIME!!
I have been using the Amazon app for years.  Worked well until after last update. Now it freezes up often.  I have to restart the app.  Scrolling still works.  Just cannot press on anything.
After clicking on a product from search results, the back arrow and hamburger menu are non-responsive. You have to force close the app, re-open, search again, select a product, repeat. It’s painful. Please fix!!!
When the app updated on 1/12/2018 the navigation bar on the top stops working after a while. I can’t go back, search, or open my shopping cart. I gave to close and reopen the app to get it to navigate. Then it stops after a few seconds. Also very hard to get support for the app. I wanted them to help resolve this issue before I posted a negative review.  FIX IT PLEASE! 
New version is not responding to touch screen on iPhoneX. Tapping search bar to type is not responding. Have to go online to order.
I downloaded an update this week and the app stops allowing me to use any of the fields or buttons on the top of the screen (back, search, menu, cart). I have to completely exit the app and go back in to get it working again, but it doesn’t last and I have to that over and over. Shopping is almost impossible!! FIX THIS PLEASE!!!!
I’ve used the app for a while, but in the last few days the in app back arrow does not work. If you click on a product description and try to go back to your search the back button freezes. I then had to close the app and start my search all over. VERY FRUSTRATING!! Please Fix ASAP!!!
The top area of my app to arrow Back, search, and go to main page freezes or is non responsive after several moments. I have deleted appt and reset phone and this is still happening for about a week now.
Latest update has bugs, back page doesn't work
I used to love this app, but since the latest update, it freezes and I can’t use the back button or access any of the top level menu. Very frustrating! I deleted and reinstall app, that did nothing. Do better, Amazon!
In the latest version, the “back” button will randomly stop working. The only way to fix it is to completely shut off the app, not just background it. Also the “search function is now not working, and I can not find any way to report these bugs on Amazon’s site!
The top navigation doesn’t respond after this update!!!!!!!!👿👿👿👿Last update app has been slow  Please optimize the loading of items in cart and home screen page I like the app just needs improvements to have all website features/options  Buggy can’t click on my cart now 
Worked fine until latest update. Freezes at the top in the search bar and back button. Have to force quit the app to get it to work. Deleted the app and reinstalled, didn’t fix, rebooted phone, still didn’t fix
I love the amazon app, make almost all my orders directly from the app. Unfortunately after the latest update the app freezes all the time not allowing to tap on anything. I have to close and open it again and again but it continues to happen, really frustrating. Never happened prior to this last update. Please fix.
So after the latest update all seemed well. I got on like normal and searched up something I was thinking of buying. Clicked on an item to read about it and decided I wanted to read about another one before deciding. WRONG! I wasn’t able to use the top navigation bar. I tried clicking on the search bar, back arrow, cart, menu and the amazon button that takes you back to the main page. But it was as if I was clicking on nothing. I was still able to scroll up and down the page though.  Closed the app and tried again but this time I clicked on my cart first. Same thing happened and the top bar got disabled. 
Can’t click on the search bar.  Using iPhone X. Amazon please fix. Now I just use Amazon website instead of app.
The top bar of the app doesn’t work most of the time. I loved this app but it’s infuriating that I can’t hit the back button or or menu or search or cart.
App works fine. Fix your back button. It stops working after I click on an item. I shouldn't have to close the app and restart it to make a new search.
Please fix bugs. I enjoy Amazon app, but NOT happy about this last update. I can’t contact app support about it either because it reroutes me to app purchases. I’m having problems with search tools bar. I can’t click on search bar or back arrow after viewing a product. Unsure of what else could be wrong, since I can’t get past these malfunctions.
Miss latest update screwed up the top menu bar them. It responds one time, but after that, no response, and I have to force quit the app for it to work again.
When shopping around and navigating through various products, the top menu bar (back arrow, menu, search bar, checkout, etc.) occasionally becomes unresponsive. I’ve found that the only way to fix this is to restart the app, which is really frustrating and causes me to lose where I was. This is extremely annoying when trying to cross-shop multiple products.
Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Downloaded the latest IOS update 1/11/18. Updated Amazon Mobile App 1/12/18. Can’t select the back arrow, search bar,  or shopping cart. Can only scroll up and down screen. This has been happening all day. I force quit the app several times and restarted my phone several times. No luck. Please please fix.
The navigation bar is unresponsive much of the time. Can’t tap on search or menu or back.
The Amazon app continuously freezes on me after the latest update.  Please fix ASAP!
Please fix app. Keep lockup when looking at products. It won’t back out. Have closed app Thank you 
What has happened to this app since the newest update? I’ll search for an item, click on it, then all of a sudden the back arrow or anything on the top bar doesn’t work! Sometimes on the home page I can’t search items because it doesn’t allow me to click in the search bar! It’s awful now! And it’s not my phone as my screen works in that area once out of this app.
After selecting an item to look at more closely the IPhone version will not let you back out to the searched items also cannot access the search window and other items along the top menu. Couldn’t find any other location to make a bug report except for this comment section.
Just notice today open amazon its not working ill force quit re open haha good day
One would think that the “richest person in the world” would employ people who could develop an application that would work properly. This last update seems to freeze the app and when I tap to go back or search for another product, nothing happens. The app evidently has some bugs and response issues at the API level.
Touch input is frequently not registering on my iPhone X when using the app. This app is the only one causing issues. I frequently have to force close the app and open it again for touch to work.
Noticed this in the last couple of days - top Nav bar stops responding to touch. Everything else still works but all of the sudden I’m unable to go from product view back to search results, tap on cart, etc. Not sure if it happens after few minutes or after looking at numerous search items but that’s when I notice it. At that point, I have to shut down the app and start over again 😔
So glitchy lately.  I search, check an item out then I'm stuck.  Can't go back, can't click on my cart can't do anything.  Nothing is registering.  Have to close out the app completely and start all over again each time I want to look at something.
Love this app, but the nav bar at the top stopped working consistently. 5 stars once this is fixed.
I’ve used the app for years and never had an issue. The recent update makes the app freeze. I have not been able to search, add to cart, or look at my account.
The toolbar at the top stops working after I view a product, meaning I can’t use the back button or the menu button. If I want to look up another product, I have to force quit the app and start all over. Never had this issue before, and it’s terrible!
Ever since the update, the top bar where the back button and search button are becomes unresponsive once you click on a item to view. I have to close out the app then relaunch it just to continuing browsing
Every time I want to access orders it wants my Touch ID and when I put my fingerprint on it says that something went wrong...
Since the latest update I can’t use the back arrow to return to the product list after I click on an item to view the details about 80% of the time. This makes it really hard to shop and makes me reluctant to click on anything as I have to force close the app sometimes to return to the previous screens
The whole top half of app is unresponsive to touch. None of the buttons work. Can’t go home, to your cart, search, etc.
Wow, latest version has a lot of bugs with the tap recognition in the top banner / blue part of the app. I have to force quit and relaunch the app to get it to recognize taps...but after viewing one product page, the tap recognition stops working again. Can’t even make a purchase with the app.
The latest update has rendered the search bar unusable. The entire app routinely freezes when I tap the search bar or simply won’t respond at all. Please fix this!!
The back arrow will not work now that I updated my app. I need to keep closing the app each time I want to continue my shopping. Please fix ASAP! Thanks! Otherwise, love this app.
I tap the search field and nothing happens.  Tried restarting app and still doesn’t work.
I love amazon but the app keeps freezing, won’t let me search anything after the new update. I have to completely restart the app in order to search for new items. Wish list items are showing up as duplicates when the wish list tray is not hidden. Please fix these bugs
I can’t select the search area or the Alexa button without closing the entire app and reopening it
The app won’t allow me to search after the last update.
Will update review once it's working again after another update  UPDATE 1/12: recent update still made this app unusable. Not you’re making my phone look like it has touch disease or something. Please fix ASAP 
Just updated the app that’s always worked perfectly for years and now my search bar and back button don’t work! There’s no way to type in what you’re looking for! Help amazon!
App all of sudden is not allowing me to write in the search engines and not go backwards. Have never had issues before I’ve had to shut the app off and on to be able to navigate.
I’ve loved the amazon app and use it often, until the update I took yesterday. The toolbar (arrows and search mostly) keeps freezing/is not responsive, and you have to close and restart the app. Driving me nuts. Please fix it!
I don’t know what happened with this update but the search and back button on the top bar got buggy. Sometimes they work and sometimes not, multiple restarts of the app, and restarting of the phone, sometimes help. Some times not. So this was a crappy update if you ask me!
What the hell is going on with your app today.  Keeps freezing.
Used to work fine but since update can’t click on cart or back arrow half the time. Wish I could get the original version back.
Top navigation bar becomes unresponsive. Have to constantly force quit app. Please fix
The menu bar (back button, search button, etc) are frozen in latest update of both the amazon app and iPhone iOS update. Please fix
Firstly. I have to force close the app on iPhone X in order for the search field to work. secondly. I keep accidentally making orders with the virtual dash buttons. This app was fine the way it was. Don’t fix something that ain’t broken.
The back arrow, menu, and search buttons no long work on the mobile app. Better go back to the drawing board!!
Have to force quit out of the app to exit out of a product. Please fix.
The latest update is horrible! I can’t click on the search bar or shopping cart without issue.
I get an error message stating, “Sorry something went wrong, Please try again.” as of lately everytime I attempt to checkout, update subscribe and save, review orders etc....  That seems to be the only thing the app can do. 
After I look at something the whole top bar stops working can’t go back can’t search and go to cart for check out these bugs need fixed
After viewing an item I am unable to click the search button or my cart or anything. I have to close and reopen, then repeat, very frustrating. Please fix this since I use this app daily
Amazon —- please make sure this app works properly? Not thrilled since I constantly shop on Amazon app and for the first time in years this app is simply acting up. There’s a bug of some sort I think. My iPhone works perfectly with all my other apps - no problem with them at all. So, when I click My Orders with this app, I can view only one item and then all freezes up. I cannot go back or forward or do search or even try to contact Amazon. I have to literally shut down my iPhone and once it reboots, then I can go back to Amazon and again attempt to do more than one thing and hope I’ll be stuck again. I cannot search or check my orders after my first try and the same old thing happens repeatedly after I reboot my phone. Well, I decided to delete the app entirely, in the hopes that once I reinstall it it, it will work perfectly normal prior to the past 48 hours of pure constantly freezing madness! Not a happy prime member. Fix bugs ASAP. Apple said it’s Amazon. So there!
When clicking on certain links in the app such as trying to change wish lists the app won’t even respond.
I can’t choose to check my cart or search or even my account tab
I have an iPhone and absolutely love the app, use it ALL THE TIME BUT....the last day or two I’ve had an issue. I can search but once I click on something I can’t got back. I hit the back arrow and it does nothing. I have to “kill” the app and go back into it. So annoying please fix!
I have issues with the app not responding when I try to type in the search field or use the back button. I tap and tap, but nothing happens. I then have to close/restart the app to get it to work. I never had any of the issues in previous versions over the past few years.
With the last iOS update, my Amazon App is freezing up. I cannot go back, click on the menu, or search. It's completely frozen. I have to close out the app and begin my search over. Which, if I'm searching for something specific, is a pain in the butt.
I love amazon and I love being a prime member. But the app gets worse and worse every time I update it. Wish list bar, ten different steps just to purchase something. And now that I updated it today, I can’t click on anything. I click on a product, I can no longer hit back, buy, click on my cart. Nothing. I have to force close my app and then I get the same problem two seconds later. Please fix before I delete the app and discontinue use.
I can’t click anything on the top of the screen!! Back arrow, my notifications, search or my cart etc. I have to keep closing the app and opening it again, and starting over. This started happing after the most recent update today. Annoying.
It only lets me tap on things for so long until it just completely stops working and I cannot backspace, browse or anything. Pretty much anything I click on won’t work and I have to completely get out of the app! This hasn’t ever happened until the most recent update. Please fix!!!!!
This app has been great until the latest update. Now the menu bar is non-responsive leaving the app useless.
The newest update has frozen the back button when browsing. please fix this!!
I'm an avid Amazon shopper and use this app regularly. Unfortunately the newest update has rendered the app completely useless. Once you view an item and either delve into the description or the reviews, the menu bar completely stops working. That menu bar also includes the back button/arrow so you cannot get out of the screen you are in. You have to complete shut don the app, not just exit, to get the bar functionality back. Then it happens all over again when you view another item. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, and the problem persists. The app is now completely useless.
Unable to tap search or type in search. Sluggish performance overall. Unable to go back within results. Restarted app 3 times so far.
The new update is awful. The back button stops working and can’t get into the cart or use the search bar.
The app was working just fine until the last couple updates came along!! Now I can’t use the app to purchase anything. I can add to my cart but can’t check out. Fix please!
For some reason, after tapping to view a product, I can’t get the back arrow to work to go back to my search to view other products. It just gets stuck on that first viewed product.  (iPhone 6S Plus) 
Latest update will not allow to search in the search bar in iPhone X
I have never had a problem with this app. In fact, it was always great as far as I was concerned. Since the latest update today, however, it constantly freezes. You have to shut it down and reopen to get to another screen. Very annoying!
Every time I look at a product now I can’t go back to my search results or even prime home page. The app was fine the way it was guys, not sure what happened.
The new update is terrible! Freezes up and you have to get completely out of the app to unfreeze it. Please fix this as it is terribly inconvenient.
After updating now when I search I can’t use the back button or close out the search
Here’s an “Amazon Review!” The top portion of the latest app is not working with the latest version of iOS!!!!
After looking at a page or two he app freezes and won’t navigate to any other page.  Won’t go back... won’t do anything.  I have to close the app and try all over again and same thing.  Please fix bug and I will switch back to five stars.
The top bar, including search bar are sometimes unresponsive to touch since the new update.
With the latest Amazon IOS update for my 7+, came a huge bug I’ve never experienced in all the years of problem free Amazon app use. Now when I open any item to view it, clicking on the left arrow to back out, completely freezes up the app. It stays stuck on the item I was viewing. The only way I can fix this is to exit the app entirely, and then remove it from running in the background and then restarting it. If this bug isn’t fixed soon, I’ll assuming Amazon only wants me to look at items without buying them. Please fix for frustration free shopping?
Idk what they did but with this most recent update I can’t click on my lists, the search bar, the back button. Pretty much made the app useless for me now.
The back arrow (to search results), cart icon, and the list icon keep freezing! I have to close the app and reopen it constantly. Please fix!!!!!!
Many touch features do not work now, like the SEARCH bar! Fix it
I love this app it is great for what it has been made for. But  I always get please check your network connection. I get that quite often. (CS1). Can you please get this problem fix. Or  tell me what causes this problem. I have full service on my cell phone when I am getting this problem.  Thanks.
Last update rendered the navigation bar and some other features completely useless. Running latest iOS on iPhone X. Anyone else having this issue?
Please fix this last update. I updated and now my search window or back buttons do not work!!!! I use Amazon a lot so this update stinks!!! Needs fixed.
Last update freezes the app within a couple seconds of use. Please fix!
When I search for an item I am unable to use the arrow on the top left of the app to go back to where I was. I have to exit the app and restart constantly...please fix this!!
With the new update I’m unable to click on the arrow to go back or stacked lines, or click to see all wishlists. It seems stuck sometimes.
This version of the app broke the back button beyond one level - i.e.:  go to a product and hit the back button (works) go to a product and then click on the product’s picture (beyond one level back) and then hit the back button (broken) - it won’t respond, not even the menu button.  I have to kill the app and can reproduce the pattern (iOS/iPhone 7).  Please fix - ThX! 
The navigation bar at the top (search, cart, back) ceases to function after a couple of minutes of using the app. It appears that the latest update broke it.
After the new update I can't search can't scroll back lot of features don't work
Not working to full capacity. Product may scroll up and down but the upper strip(back arrow, menu, check out cart, etc) doesn’t work, have to refresh iPhone to get it working again.
Since the update it keeps locking up and I have to shut it down. Reopen and it works fora bit then freezes again.
With your last update the touch areas at the top of the app like search and menu are not working. You try to engage them in the app and they don’t open or work.
This app really needs an update again. Half the time it either crashes or it will just straight up freeze but only the search/go back button and cart. I have had to reset the app 4 times in the last 20 minutes. I used to love this app
I love amazon. I’m a prime user. But I just did the update and now the “back” button doesn’t work. I have to force out of the app then go back in and that’s seriously annoying and needs to be fixed
It's been working well with no issues until lately.  Every time I go to purchase something, I get a something went wrong error.  Doesn't matter what I do.  I spent an hour trying to make it work to buy a little $10 present for my wife. Please fix it.  In the mean time I won't be buying anything from Amazon.  It's NOT worth the hassle. 
Ever since early December the app shuts  off then crashes on iOS and you can’t even access your wish list without it freezing up on you.  often times it doesn’t allow you to use the back button to go back to a page you looking at something is going on with this app.  not being fixed and good luck trying to find any customer service person or even a Technical . Support person to reported to ,the site keeps telling you go to the message boards , go to contact customer Service. Please fix this.
Search function is completely disabled and app freezes every single time it is opened now. Fix quickly please!! Need to place orders!
It takes between 30-240 seconds for the bar across the top of the screen (back, menu, etc.) to stop working and effectively freeze you onto the screen you are viewing.
with the new update when you click on a item you can not back out from that page with the arrow button on the top left you keep tapping the back arrow and it dont work you have to close out the app and go back into the app and sometimes it works and other times you have to keep closing the app to make it work
Latest Ver has issues with top blue/green bar on iPhone 6. Tap in area but nothing happens. Please fix. 
I have a couple of complaints.  First a month and a half ago I purchased something for my husband’s company through Amazon using his company card.  All of a sudden it changed that card to my primary card even though I did not do that and I had a bunch on charges on that card.  I had to delete that card off of my account of which I shouldn’t have had to do. Also all of a sudden the buttons at the top of the app are not working.  I press the arrow at the top and nothing happens.  Please fix. 
There seems to be a whole section of the screen I can’t tap in this version of the app. Unfortunately, it means I can’t search or hit the back button, making the app useless. What the crap?
Used to work. Reinstalled 4 times, still has random bugs. A different thing each time. First the password bug. Then the scrolling. Now the back button, menu and search buttons just completely stopped working. I’m done with it. 
App force closes every other use. I cant click any buttons after I search. I have to close the app and reopen it. Please fix because I use this everyday and the last update made this unusable.
Just updated and it freezes after and go back to previous page or search bar!!! WTH Amazon it was working fine!!! This is by far my most used app and now it’s broke! Fix it ASAP!!!!
Unfortunately, the app now locks up. I am able to search and add an item but after that there is some serious hang time before anything works. I have rebooted my iPhone multiple times which seems to help a little but has been quite frustrating when searching and adding previous orders. I am not sure if this has to do with the latest 11.2.2 iOS update or not but I now have to use my  computer to order anything on Amazon.
After updating anytime I go to a product I can’t go back to the previous page or even press the 3 lines next to the back button, only want I found to go back is tapping on pics of what I’m looking at then going back and it will then let me go back to the previous page of results please fix ASAP
I bought a golf cart off Amazon and now the app inundated me with “related” items to this purchase but all they show are more golf carts. If I just bought a golf cart from you, why would you push me to view more golf carts. Can’t disable this view either. So now I am stuck seeing golf carts when ever I go on the app.
This update is terrible. PLEASE BEWARE! Top bar always doesn’t work. Cannot return to last page. It cannot back to amazon homepage. I have to close this app and run again.
The most recent update broke the app. It freezes and crashes frequently. The screen becomes unresponsive when I attempt to click the search button and I can only close the app and open it again to get it to work again. App was working just fine before they released the update. Now it’s virtually unusable. Please fix. Also, why is there no easily accessible app developer contact info for this app so that people can report a problem?
I don’t know if it’s just my app, but nothing on the top bar is working at all. If I click the back arrow or the shopping cart or anything else up there it just won’t do ANYTHING and it’s extremely frustrating
Just updated.  Search field is inoperable.  No doubt they’ll fix that asap.
My app updated automatically but now I can’t use the search function, it’s completely unresponsive!
I LOVED this app until the latest update. I literally used this app several times a week and suddenly several hours after it updated, it started freezing constantly. I get on a page and then it freezes and won’t let me search, go back, go to my cart, or do anything! SOOO frustrating!! Why did they have to destroy a perfectly good thing?!?!
Trying to use this app now, who doesn’t love Amazon? lol but it’s very frustrating to use at the moment... please update ASAP!
On random products the top menu bar stops functioning:  you can’t go back, search for a new product, or go to your cart.  The Amazon app just became useless...
App worked fine in till recently. After a while if I want to go back to where I was or  try searching it does not register my tapping. My other apps and phone work fine. I have to exit out of the app and reload it every time I want to search now :(.
Look I’m not gonna lie this app gives me everything is need however with the last update the top part of my menu will not work after I exit out of my cart. Or if I’m trying to search and the app has been open for a small while It become unresponsive. I have to exit the app in order to regain functionality.
Now the back button in the app does not work on my IPhone 7 Plus and the app freezes!! Fix it!! Was working perfectly before the last update! I’m a prime customer and I like being able to shop from my iPhone!
Stupid thing wont respond when I tap any of the top bottoms! This is the only app I have problems with rn and I’m already stressed as it is!! Fix this or I’m going to EBay
Just updated Amazon app on my iPhone and I cannot get into the search bar at all whether I tapped it or not 😡! However, the new Amazon app update on my iPad works whenever I access the search bar. Very weird 🤔. Please fix this bug ASAP.
Latest update - 11 January - app keep freezing.  Won’t allow you to use the back arrow to continue search or finish perusing a product.  Please fix.
I have used for a couple of years with no issues ~~ but this latest update (today) the “Back” arrow/Button won’t back out of a product screen to the search list anymore. Have to close app completely and restart.... works well when it works, but this needs addressing ASAP. iOS 11.2.2 iPhone 8+ 
After this update, the back button and search function does not work. Restarted phone, but still doesn’t work.  App is worthless now.
Love the app but it’s just not functional on my iPhone X. I can’t access anything on the top of the app so can’t go back, access the cart, etc....
Cannot select to search for any items
Put the dang logout button where it can be found easily. Almost every app has this problem.
App opens but won’t load anything - keeps giving me an error message. I’ve restarted my phone, deleted and re-downloaded the app... nothing works. Such a shame.
Every time I try to go to my orders I have to enter my password and I get the error “something went wrong try again” but it never works! Both on my iPhone and iPad.
Great app, but I get the something went wrong when trying to login message so I have to make purchases through a browser interface. Tried deleting and reinstalling but still didn’t fix the issue. Help!
Latest update today causing app to freeze in iOS11.
New update today and I still can't login. I get the "Oops something went wrong" message that plagued the previous version.
Please fix, the app is lagging and the top section of the app, menu, search it doesn’t work!!!!!
Shopping cart glitch won’t let me finalize cart. It just keeps going to the same page over and over. What the heck. Deleted and reinstalled. Still doesn’t work. iPhone 7
Recent update contains a bug that gets rid of instant pickup. Avoid the recent update.
Every time I try to open the app to check my orders or look at my lists, it prompts me to login. When I put in the correct info it then says that a problem has occurred. It usually allows me to go on to the page I want anyway, but it continually asks me to sign in as I browse around. Yesterday I couldn’t complete my order online because it wouldn’t let me log in and I had to use a desktop to complete the order.
The touch login doesn’t work, rendering the app useless because it requires it instead of password login. My touch login works on other apps.
Can no longer view my orders without signing in several times and can’t place my order it force closes. Please fix! I love and need my Amz
The app is becoming ever more cluttered with useless information and recommendations. Between these and the obtrusive Dash buttons, it is cumbersome to work through the app and difficult to do so without inadvertently touching unnecessary links.  Please clean this up. Your customers are loyal enough that there is not a need to force feed them with unwanted information and images. 
The app stopped accepting my password. I keep getting some kind of error notice
Won’t let me see orders or anything on my account on my iPad. Just says “sorry something went wrong, try again” Nothing helpful at all. Fix please
I PREFER TO USE MY BRAIN AND NOT A.I.!!  PLEASE RESOLVE THE “WISH LIST ISSUE” I DON’T NEED IT TO FOLLOW ME OR REMAIN AVAILABLE EVEN AFTER I TRY TO DELETE IT. THANKS 
I’ve never had a problem with this app up until now. I’ve had to do my last three purchases via safari because it won’t let me go past the cart. When I add the items and try to edit my shipping information it keeps kicking me back out. I’ve tried updating the app and even deleting and re-downloading, very inconvenient.
I can almost never access My Orders or My Account from the app. It gives me an error message and says to try later. This also happens frequently when trying to purchase items. If I can buy items or see my orders from the app, there’s really no use in using it at all...
I have LOVED the Amazon app until recently. For about the past month, any time I try to log in, it wants my password. I put the password it and it flashes up a little box that says ‘sorry something went wrong. Try again.’ EVERY single time.  I have resorted to using my Safari browser to log into Amazon, but it’s kind of a pain when I have an app to do it. 
cant do anything with this update.  Its not loading. cant pull up my orders, pop up  says sorry something went wrong  try again later and it just keeps loading forever!!!!😠😖
This used to be a great app and how I did 99% of my Amazon shopping. Now, I can’t even use it. Forces me to login every time, Then tells me something went wrong. If I can make it past that loop, I have to re-login multiple times. I can’t ever get to checkout, I get stuck in another loop to select shipping address then back to my cart. Serves no purpose to my anymore which is a bummer because it used to be very convenient and 5 start quality.
Login error, empty shopping carts and unsuccessfully kindle downloads. That’s I all been there for the past few years of Kindle iOS. What’s more surprising is that this is a continuing trend that things does not work... hope for better
The iPhone amazon app has customer pictures but the iPad don’t! Very much needed
This app has so many issues. The most annoying is when you try to review one of your purchases and are denied because it allows only "verified purchases" reviews. And yet you're trying to submit it from your purchase!! Horrible app.
We use a long password of well more than 20 characters. The App does not allow sign in with that. Instead it says: “Something went wrong. Please try again later”
App won’t let you delete receiving recommendations, nor will it let you delete notifications on Today’s Truck ... very unfortunate.
It is not uncommon when navigating the app for it to be completely unresponsive. Usually it is the back button. Button visually shows that it is depressed but no change to the screen occurs and have to restart the app.
Amazon - please make an app for Smile !!!
👎 this product need more knowledge and work to it.  It needs more varieties of things also
Sometimes one LEGO set looks the same as another. And when I save it to a list I have to go through the list to see if it is one I already have on that list so it would be cool if you tried to save the same item you already saved a message or something will say you already saved it.
Mobile app on an iPhone 6s has become very buggy during the checkout process in the past few months of updates.   Right now I can’t even check out, no error messages. Just keeps going back to the cart after picking a shipping address. 
Always gives me an error when I sign in and now it won’t let me complete my order. Totally worthless! This has been a problem for months.
Love Amazon, but the app is the worst. Crashes constantly, makes me think Bree my password multiple times, and then always gives me the “something went wrong” screen. Always! Super buggy:
Amazon really needs to fix this issue now! I shouldn't have to double check every single order to make sure Amazon hasn't hasn't added extras of most of the products I am ordering!! It's a good way for Amazon to slip extra costs on the customers end though 😡
I love this app. I use it all the time. But the last couple of weeks I have had log in issues and trouble placing orders. I use an iPhone 7plus and have the same issues on my iPad. When it asks for my password I get a “sorry something went wrong” message and it won’t let me complete my order. The same thing happens when I check my past orders. I have to go to my computer to place an order.
I give this an overall score of 5 stars, this app is even better than the website because it easier to use without any interruptions!😍😻😻😻LOVE, LOVE,LOVE
I love amazon, and I’m a frequent buyer, but it’s so frustrating to me that when I want to look at the details of my order and I’m asked to put in my password, I get a message stating “something went wrong please try again” when I know I’ve entered it right. PLEASE FIX THIS!!!
No complaints. I’ll change to 5 stars if you come out with IOS Smart Invert (Dark Mode) support :)
Recently, I cannot checkout or see my previous orders using this app. When the app asks me to login and I do, there is an error message on the screen stating “sorry something went wrong”. When I get to the final step in the checkout process, it sends me back to my cart.
I have always used this app and never had issues. For a couple of weeks now, anytime I look at my cart, it says it’s empty and isn’t syncing to my account online. Also, if I go to my orders, it says “OOPS SOMETHING WENT WRONG” and won’t show me any info about them. I also am unable to make any purchases (via 1 click or otherwise).  Fix the app. Seriously. 
Just in time for  the holiday season, I have been unable to use the app to checkout for the past month or so. I can add items to my cart, but checkout no longer recognizes my Touch ID and won’t ask for my password, just shuts down. I then have to log in on the website and checkout from there. No update in sight!  Big inconvenience.
The app constantly crashes when I’m in the midst of adding items within Amazon Fresh
I can’t see my previous orders or check out and it’s infuriating. I’ve been battling to check out for 5 mins. I can’t even login on safari since it sends me straight to the app. I’m giving up and just deleting the app altogether.
I love the app. My only issue is that the past month or so I haven’t been able to look at my orders. It has me scan my fingerprint then says “something went wrong” I don’t know how to resolve this issue. Every time a new update comes out I hope it gets fixed but never does.
Idk what happened but recently every time i click on anything, it’ll ask me to reenter my password and the after i do “something went wrong!” will pop up and i cant move forward, i have to go back to the menu options. And its gotten so annoying that i have to leave a poor review. I love amazon and buy from them all the time. But when I'm being asked a literal 6 times to sign in/enter my password to do ANYTHING in the app, it gets freaking annoying. Id rather use walmart’s app. At least it doesn't harass me. Please for the love of god, fix this bug.
The app keeps saying the connect to the internet and/or that the Amazon network isn’t working but if I try on my computer or through safari on my phone Amazon works. I don’t know what’s wrong with the app on the iPhone 8 but it doesn’t work. This is completely bull sh*t.
When signing on (iPhone 6 and iPhone X) a message pops up the says “ Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” I’ve tried updating the Amazon app, iOS, uninstalling and reinstalling.
For a couple of months now I have been unable to access my orders on the app. I click on “orders” and get a “sorry something went wrong” error. Now, as of today (at least I discovered it today), I cannot log in to place an order. I put items in my cart while I was on my computer, then later went to buy them on the app. When it checks my face id to log me in my face is recognized but I get the same error message.  I’m not sure if this is an iphone x specific issue but it’s pretty annoying. 
I love amazon and the iPhone app is great. The iPad app however seems to be stuck in the dark ages. Really need an update to make it more inline with the iPhone app
Usually I would rate this app a 4 or a 5. But for the past two weeks when I attempt to see my recent orders...a window pops up and states there is an error.  I’ll click “OK” and it still won’t load. Hoping this will be fixed soon.
I’m sure Amazon thinks they have the market cornered and that we “Need” them and that justifies them not needing to fix their app. That’s alright, I’m sure things will change when they realize their sales could/would be better if they just maintained it. Don’t you hate it when apps don’t work properly? I wonder if they do, too?
For the past 3 weeks I have been having problems with this app. Just about every time I try to get on the app it tells me “uh-oh something went wrong with amazon go back to amazon Home” and I’ll click the amazon home button and it says “uh-oh something went wrong with the amazon app” and it won’t work. So I get off clear it out and try again and it says the same thing. I’m so sick of it. I order a lot of stuff off of here and I can’t now. I haven’t been able to in a while and when it does decide to let me look I add stuff to my cart and get off because I have something else to do and I try to go back and get on it later and I can’t. THIS NEEDS TO BE FIXED ASAP. Thanks
Amazons app is useless and unusable. How can a tech giant like amazon publish such a poor excuse for software? Do they not use it themselves? Like others I can’t sign in, can’t change payment method, can’t check out. I thought it must be just me but I see now it’s not. This app runs me around in circles. Worse than useless.
This app is basically useless. It won't let me add stuff to the cart half the time, and when it does it is never able to complete a purchase. It prompts you to pick an address and a payment and then back to the address and then payment...over and over again. The software is trash and needs to be debugged.
I have uninstalled and installed the app and the same issue pops up despite updated app. I can’t successfully order anything. It asks me to enter my password and then says there was an error in retrieving the app. It doesn’t merit one star   Hoping this bug gets fixed. It’s been like this for at 6 months.
This will not let me place an order. I have to do it through safari. What’s the point of this app now??  Update: I reinstalled the app and everything worked and orders work again. Thank You to the reviews which I should have looked at first. 
I can’t log into my account. I’ve called customer support several times and all they do is reset my password when I tell them that it’s been done before and I don’t want it. Please fix this issue. Not sure if it’s an app issue or website.
Scrolling in cart with lots of items doesn’t work - it rubber bands me back to the top. CAN NEVER SEE ALL ITMES IN MY CART. Pls fix!!! Thanks!!!!
Amazon’s app will never be truly great until  it supports touch id or face id features.
Please fix this annoying bug. I can't order anything or check out certain account details without it asking for my password, then a pop up window saying something's wrong try again, then going back to square one! I haven't ordered stuff I need in months and forgot about a Christmas present I wanted to buy because of this. This is pretty ridiculous.
Ever since updating to iOS 11, the app is giving me fits. No matter what you do 1 click checkout doesn’t work. And then when you click the proceed to checkout button while in your cart it takes you to someplace else in the app. Sometimes if you finally do purchase something it doesn’t confirm the purchase. More often than not I have to go to my desktop computer in order to use Amazon. I use an iPhone 6, and an iPad pro with iOS 11.2
Can’t place order.  It just returns user to proceed to checkout - looping forever.  When try to display orders it asks for the login again (even if I just logged in a minute ago).  The login completes  and then displays a pop up box saying  there was a problem try again. You click ok and the app hangs saying loading information  Minutes pass.  When you get tired of waiting and go back to the item, again you get into the same loop.  Sometimes you can get in on the 2nd or  3rd try, just did 8 try and still didn’t work.  This app used to work fully and now my am pretty useless - Been a month since this version was released and no fix in sight. 
Yo dude, I think the app updated and now it won’t log me back in, aka when I go to submit my order it tells me to enter my password then I put in the password and it says “ops something went wrong”  I’m trying to spend money but ops something went wrong 
The app is easy to use and visually appealing, but I’ve twice placed orders accidentally cause of the “Buy now with 1-Click” button that is purposely placed where the “add to cart” option is on the website. Obviously this is no accident by Amazon, and I find it quite frustrating and disappointing. I feel less inclined to use the app at this point.
Can't log in. Haven't been able to for quite some time. The regular website works fine. I get a message saying "error oops something wrong"
Just keeps saying error or no internet connection. I’ve tried deleting and redone loaded and it still doesn’t work.
Used to be a great app, but now the app doesn’t work for most things. Not sure what Amazon is doing, they have screwed it up so it doesn’t work. This will definitely affect my purchasing habits.  I cannot view past orders, cannot load gift cards, etc.  it keeps asking me to log in, I log in and then it says “...oops something went wrong try again later...”.   I guess I should try Walmart’s app.
After I changed the Amazon password from the browser, this app stopped working. If I place an order, or even try to log off (to log on again with new password) it gives an error message.
Update: I noticed another person was having the same problems as me. They deleted app and downloaded again. This fixed all my problems.  App wants my password, then says something went wrong. Then it goes to info anyway. I can't check out. App will unexpectedly quit. If I am looking at my orders it will suddenly go to enter password, and it all begins again. This is not the first order I have had a problem with. Last update needs some work. I am thoroughly frustrated!!!  I have no problem on Safari. 
The app will make you sign in, immediately say an error had occurred and then if you try to access that page again it will suddenly work? This bug is ridiculously annoying.
Screen once in a while glitches while clicking on a product , and continually flashes until you leave that screen. I don’t know if It has anything to do with Face ID but I’m guessing that may be the cause . Needs to be updated , stick with amazon.com for now
Login on the app has been broken for f***ing months. Fingerprint ain’t work. Typing pw errors you out. Get your sh*t together heifers.
Need to fix the authentication so we can actually order items and view history. This used to work but will not work now. It really limits what we need this app for. Always the “something went wrong error”
Every time I try to order, it says “something went wrong” and then sends me to a loading page that never loads
I used to use the app ALL the time to buy things but they updated it a little while ago and now I can’t even buy things it always says there’s an error. It also makes me log-in if I do anything on the app at l all which is really annoying and never did this before...can you please fix it and go back to the way it was?
My app doesn’t work most of the time. Then I will try to go to the Amazon website through safari and it takes me back to the app. Super annoying. 🙁
It worked fine until the last update. Now I can’t do anything without a screen popping up and asking for me to sign in despite the fact that I’m already signed in. Then it gives the message of oops something went wrong and I’m back where I started. Please fix this!
Good app just some bugs to fix.   One bug that is really annoying is the jumping bug. When I scroll through deals of the day my screen suddenly jumps down and I’d have to scroll up to see items that I missed. It happens every four or five rows I scroll through.   my stats iPhone 6 124gb iOS 11.2.1 
It used to be great but for months now it keeps making me put in my password every 10 seconds over and over and won’t let me process an order. Please update it so it works!
Can you please fix the shopping car in the iPhone app. When yo pull down to view your cart, the app jumps over items and you miss them.  I don’t need recommendations in my cart.  Thx 
I have loved shopping on Amazon since I was in college when I still had a student discount. Up till recently I have not encountered a problem with the app on my phone or even on my iPad, but since a couple updates ago I am having trouble logging in to my account. I have to login from my computer to actually be able to see past orders or even to make a purchase. The app on my iPad and on my iPhone says something along the lines of“sorry an error has occurred” whenever I try to login
Lately I am unable to order anything via my app. It keeps telling me something went wrong. It’s incredibly frustrating to have to log onto my laptop or desktop to buy simple items when I could have done it in under 5 minutes on my phone. Please fix!
I love shopping on amazon but everytime I open my app now and for the past month or two, it says for me to please check my internet(something about CS1) and it will not let me sign in or do anything. I have deleted the app and re-downloaded it 4 times, but it still will not work at ALL
I can’t use this anymore because I keep getting the “oops something went wrong” every time I have to enter my password. It won’t save my password either. Very frustrating. If I want to access Amazon I do it through a web browser.
The app keep getting error msg
App doesn’t scale properly on the iPhone X and it needs to be updated. Very surprised it hasn’t been patched by now.
App won’t work without WiFi connection.
Are you serious? You have an entirely separate cart for rentals and no button to immediately access it. I’ve only been able to find it on my computer.
I keep having issues with the Amazon iPhone app. It keeps telling me to check my internet connection and try again (CS1) and the pop up is Network Error: The Amazon.com mobile service encountered a problem. Please try again shortly.  I even undeleted and reinstalled, nothing works. This has been ongoing for several months now.  Please fix this issue! 
Shopping using the Amazon app is very slow. It always seems to be buffering to open even it’s own selections! Using the app is very counter-intuitive.  It is also very targeted to my previous purchases. When it’s not focusing on my previous purchases, it seems focused on their own deals and things that are pretty far out. I Shop on Amazon almost exclusively and I very rarely use the app
The app sometimes squeezes the buttons at the top on iPhone X, making it impossible to click the back button.
Every time I try to view my orders it says there is an error. Every time I try to checkout there is an error. Every time I try to change my list settings there is an error. But I can get on my laptop and do everything just fine. Fix this bug please it’s so inconvenient and renders the app completely useless.
I hold Amazon to a very hire standard, and their mobile app disappoints. I once had an authentication issue that would not resolve itself, and amazons support suggested that I uninstall the app and reinstall. This is not a solution.  Most recently every time I log in it says “something went wrong”, but then if I click something else I am actually logged in. It shouldn’t be this tricky. 
Can’t add things to cart in fresh without crashing the whole app.
Why can’t I change the shipping address?? When I try to change it, it exits out of the screen and reverts back to the previous page! So annoying!! Please fix.
Thanks to the most recent update, when you try to add to cart or checkout, you're given a error message, "sorry, something went wrong," and nothing happens.   Similarly, thanks to the update, you can find yourself stuck in checkout purgatory.  Clicking "place your order" will revert your screen to "proceed to checkout."  Fix these bugs that didn't previously exist. 
The app is great I've been using it for years but lately things are glitching or just not working. One thing that I've noticed is when I go to review items that I've purchased and received it won't let me, it says I have not purchased the items. The app is very convenient and useful but could use some maintenance.
As much as I love Amazon, it doesn’t help that I’m now unable to add to my wish list especially during the holiday season!  Please fix it.
Please fix the purchase and sellers function. I can’t do anything if. It’s on this app anymore.
Crashes at checkout. I was told it was because I was using an older phone and now I have a iPhone 10 and it still kicks me out at check out. I have to go to my pc to check out. What pain
I live on this app. Prime customer. Amazon rewards card holder. I can’t place an order! Anytime I add items to my shopping cart, click proceed to check out, and then click place order, my order does not go through. It’s simply re-loads the shopping cart page. Please fix this serious error as soon as possible
Amazon is awesome for getting certain items you need however the past two times I have ordered parts for my car the description clearly says this will fit your vehicle, however they don’t fit when they arrive. So I don’t think I’m going to be ordering parts for my car from here anymore.
Amazon please fix the app. I can't place an order. My cart continues to 'go empty'. Constant error messages. I can't believe this app has gone to the dogs. Please fix/update. Your killing me!
Can shop and place items in cart but when I hit “proceed to check out” it says “something went wrong”. Sometimes I can get to the check out page and when I select to check out it still gives that error code. No problems with acct - I can order just fine directly on the website
Won’t let me use Touch ID or sign in
It’s getting really annoying. Without this being fix the app is basically useless. I can’t add items to my lists, can’t check my order status etc. whenever I try to verify with fingerprints, which should not be the only option in the first place, it says something is wrong. SO FIX THIS.
Well, I can’t log in these days, either by touch or by logging in. I keep getting a “sorry, something went wrong, please try again” error. Then I’ll go back later and it works for a little bit then throws up the touch login screen, error, try to sign in, error..... endless frustrating cycle. So amazon... you want my money? Fix the app.
I don’t know what you did but I’m not the only one having an issue. I put my password in and it just seats there. I go back to the Home page and then try to check my order status. It works for about 30 seconds then kicks me out. Please fix it.
If I try to order on the app, or access my pending orders, or look at wish lists, the app asks me to sign in again, then comes back with an error message. I have to go to my computer to accomplish anything with Amazon. Especially frustrating at the holiday season. Hope there is a fix coming like yesterday!  Also: defaults to ‘show password’? Not good. 
I can't place orders from the app.  I saw another review with the same problem, that when you hit 'proceed to checkout' it asks which address to ship to and you can't get past that!  It just slams you right back to the cart!  I have to go to my browser to actually order!  And the Touch ID always has an error!  The current version of the app is just a mess!  I will say that for the most part it works like it should, but just not the important parts!
For the past two weeks I am having a hard time logging in to my account on the app. I have to utilize the web version just to sign in. Which can take longer. It’s becoming more and more frustrating. When I sign I‎t I get a notification that reads something went wrong. It’s not my password because I use the same password for my the web log In and I‎t works perfectly fine. I’m goin to give I‎t one more week. If not. I’m deleting this app. Makes no sense to have something I can’t use.
I haven’t been able to log in to the app in weeks. It asks for my password, then says something went wrong and won’t let me do anything. I can’t view my orders, place orders... anything past the login screen.
Neither FaceID works, nor just the plain old password. I’m forced to use my PC to view orders. Please fix. It used to work fine. Same goes for changing payment method once in the checkout. When I click on the payment method (in order to change it), it simply reloads the cart instead of offering me the option to choose one of my other payment methods. This app is a complete disaster on iPhone X. 
App has “problem occur” every time a password is put in.
Constant errors trying to log-in to view account details.
That’s the message that pops up on this app after the recent updates. I can’t check the status of any orders or order new things now. Makes it kind of a useless app.
I’ve used this app for quite awhile but in the last few weeks I can’t make any purchases. I get an error when I do Touch ID or even when I input my password. Amazon made me change my long time password and ever since then the app hasn’t worked to make purchases 90% of the time. Every once in awhile it doesn’t make me do a password so then I can purchase. Please fix this bug.   2 weeks later and this is still a problem, just in time for Christmas shopping. I have not bought nearly as much from Amazon because of this issue. I wonder how many other people have given up. 
All is fine except one thing: I have to delete and reinstall the app once in a while, or it’ll constantly pop out a window says “Something was wrong blablabla” when I try to log in
App will no longer allow me to checkout, just sends me back to shipping address continually. Also is now making me sign in with my password every time I want to do anything and gives an error telling me to try again later. Obviously some pretty bad bugs in the app right now (Absolutely love amazon this review is for the app). When the app works it’s a 5 Star app.
Every 3 mins or sooner the app shift to a screen asking for my password again and again and it always says “sorry something went wrong please try again” .  I have never been able to buy anything with the app so it has failed in its very purpose! I wish I could give this app no stars.
I have no issues logging in my account with my password but once logged in everything I navigate through the app (such as orders, account, payment) it makes me enter my password again and then gives me a message telling me ‘not working, try back later’ ?????? Why can’t u buy anything or use this app anymore? I have the correct login and password. Please fix issues and update this app it needs it!!
All of the sudden I can’t use this app anymore. Every time It asks for my password and I put it in, it just gives me an error message and takes me back to the main menu. The rating would change if the app worked
Amazon, you realize that login inside the app has been broken forna really long time, right? I can't change password, change treasure truck location, etc? Anything that requires a password, I get a "something went wrong, please try again" message after submitting password and then the page reloads withoit completing whatever I was attempting to do. It's been like this for many app revisions.
App keeps kicking me back to my cart when trying to purchase. Says “sorry something went wrong” each time I try to purchase and asks for my password. Please fix!
IT WONT LET ME DO ANYTHING!!! All it says is “something went wrong try again” 😡😡😡😡👎👎
can’t look at any previous orders because it prompts me to sign in (even tho i’m ALREADY signed in) and then when i do it says, “oops! something went wrong. Try again.” and then I do try again and its just the same thing over and over. can’t even use the app at all anymore
My Amazon app keeps saying "sorry something went wrong. Where working on fixing it. CS3 I've tried everything and it won't work.
I have been using amazon services for years. The app must have been recently updated, because it is acting very buggy. It keeps shutting down, I can’t make my purchases from it anymore (now I need to go to my desktop computer to place an order).  The app used to work great. I just deleted it. I’m going to try downloading it again to see if that solves anything.
Repeatedly prompts me to log in and then says “something went wrong.” I’ve updated, restarted, all of that. I still have to go to my computer to make a purchase. Not very convenient.
Had a bad day and amazon just made it horrible. The glitches are bad
After downloading this app to my phone I am happy with the app BUT how do I close/shut down app when I exit?  This is too much info open to whomever gets my phone.  Of course I password protect my phone, but I want this app to shut down when I close it.
Cannot process Face ID, constantly asks for password and crashes - terrible timing for glitches with holidays approaching, and I have seen no recent updates.  Has worked well in the past, but they really need to fix for X.
Login failed is all I keep seeing even though password is correct. Then it lets you in but I can’t change payment method and kicks you back to cart. Ugh.
Was attempting to scroll through a product page but the app misinterpreted it as me clicking the “Buy With 1-Click” button and suddenly I’ve ordered a $25 swiffer duster set that I didn’t really want... thanks Amazon. I never even enabled “Buy with 1-Click” for my phone anyway...
This app has become awful. Every time it asks me to enter my password I receive a pop up message saying, “sorry, an error has occurred.” Now when I try to enter my gift card, it won’t process it and returns me to my shopping cart. What gives?
Since the last update I am unable to purchase from the app or see past orders, or go to account info.  I get an error and it crashes. Never had a problem before the last update. Hoping the devs see this and fix it soon.
The app does not allow me to sign in with my password or Touch ID. I’ve tried reinstalling and it still doesn’t work. I don’t have this problem with any other app on my iPhone.
App has nice layout and is very convenient, except one little thing - I can't place order though it. It has been crashing since the last update.
Amazon app for iPhone. Sometime in fall 2017 this app was RUINED. I can no longer place new orders or view existing ones!
I have a lot if items in my cart. However, the app behaves well until a certain point (say 30-50 items). After that point, no matter how many times you scroll, it just keeps loading the last 5-6 items. What did the update fix?
I don’t know what happened, but suddenly my amazon app is unusable, and I’m not the only one having the same problem. First, whenever I try to do something on the app, it asks me for my password, then when I put it in, tells me “something went wrong. Please try again later.” Then, I pick an item to order, hit “proceed to checkout”, and after I select which address to ship to, the app just goes back to the main page and refuses to complete my order! I can’t order anything or do anything on this app!
Since the first of October pages don’t fully load or don’t load at all, and when they do and I’m able to shop I can’t check out! Always asking me for my password....
The app is extremely unstable now, won’t load pages and now I can’t even login, getting the message “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”
A glitch will kick you back to cart when you want to check out.
Feels like a bug: Enable Touch ID on ios devices DL Amz app. Login, enable touch ID. Next change your Amz password on a browser. (I have Prime). Now dont logout of Amz on your iOS devices. Check Orders > Use finger for TOuch ID.   Result: error message appears “ oops, something went wrong”  Logout/Login of apps. Re-enter new password.  Result: Unable to Touch ID. Exposes all Acct related menus.  Fix this Amazon...🧐 
I downloaded it because I was feeling lazy and didn’t want to type in my gift card code, and you’re supposed to be able to scan it on the app. Not only did that not work, even when browsing I can’t get through a page or two without it asking for my password and giving me an error (even though I’m already signed in) or it asking to enable Touch ID and then giving me an error. I deleted the app and am going back to the mobile browser, which is pretty well-designed and not nearly as buggy 
Every time I try to purchase from the app, I get message -“sorry, something went wrong.  Please try again.”  Have to always bring up within web browser to check out or looking up past orders.
Please update the app to be split screen function friendly.  Thank you!
Used to work no problem. Now I get “oops something went wrong” every time I try to check out. Dumb.
Trying to order gifts for my out of state family and the site keeps telling me that there is an error and to try again later!!! Worst time of year for this glitch!
I tegularly get an error when trying to view my orders. The app will ask me to login with my password and them it just errors out.  Eventually it will work, but only after going back to home and trying again multiple times.
First, I love amazon! Second, I hate the app. Every time I check “orders” it makes me log in, so I do. Then it says something went wrong and won’t let me check orders. I have to use my husband’s phone to do it. I want to be able to stay logged in and check my orders. Please help.
App won’t let me sign in with thumb print nor with username & password, so I cannot check orders, etc.  It gives me a gray screen that does nothing.  App is VERY invasive privacy-wise, but that’s just Amazon for ya. 
Not sure what happened with last update but I’m repeatedly getting this “something went wrong” message when I try to do anything except a basic product search. Pretty frustrating so shopping has to only occur in iPad or desktop, not working for iPhone. Woe is me. First world problems.
The app won’t let me view pictures.  FRUSTRATING!!! 
It is extremely aggravating every time you want to sign or view details with thumbprint or username and password an error message comes up and says something went wrong. Somethings wrong alright, the second biggest retailer can’t fix a iPhone application...
**Update**  A month later and the Touch ID error isn't fixed. Signing in via Safari makes the entire app completely pointless. Also, don't advertise free one day shipping if you can't do it. Going to family Christmas tomorrow w/o presents for a few people when they should have arrived today.   Original Review 11/18/17:  Used to be a great app and most of the functionality is there, but anything involving Touch ID is a no-go. I can't make a purchase or check order history. Kind of pointless to use the app at all if I have to go to Amazon thru a browser to complete a transaction or check an order. 
I love amazon prime but with the latest update, I can’t view or track my orders in the app. I can only view/track when I log in on my laptop.   This has been a horrible experience given that I got all my gifts for the holidays from amazon. 
Haven’t been able to use the app in months. Keep getting a “CS1” error. Called amazon and they basically told me there’s nothing they can do. I’ve deleted and reinstalled the app multiple times. I have an iPhone 7, there shouldn’t be any issues.
New update - now every time I try to purchase items the app seems to short circuit, reading out different errors, but always closing the checkout window. Whoops?
This app used function seamlessly. Now my touch ID is gone (even though it is enabled in my settings) and every time I want to look at “my orders” it says I have to sign in and then when I sign in it says “something went wrong try again.“ When I open up the app it says I’m already signed in. Very frustrating.
Rather I’m on WiFi or on my data it ALWAYS says it can’t load 🙄 I have an iPhone 7+ so I know it’s not me 🙄 fix yalls app!!! 🙄
If you want to buy a product and have no issues the app is great. Trying to find seller info, FAQ for anything other than basics is non existent. Still need to go to computer so app is only half helpful
Why does it constantly say “something went wrong” and not load the order details even when I put in the correct password?
Im In the US. And no matter what i do, the app thinks i wanna buy on international. Please fix.
Since the last update, I can browse or search but if I try to check out, review orders, or otherwise need to enter my password it states, “Sorry an error occurred...” or returns to the last screen I was viewing. If I want to do anything but browse or search, I have to close the app and login on with the Chrome app. Please fix this...
Constant errors with logging in normally or logging in via TouchID. NEVER DOES CONNECT making the app worthless!!!
A pretty good app, but there are several glitches. It won’t let me change my payment method and it says “error” every time I try to log in. But yet, it logs me in... strange. There’s also a glitch with scrolling between the tabs, as others have stated.
Keeps asking for password every single time I try to checkout. Then it will give me an error. No face recognition either.
I have spent the past hour talking to 5 idiots who could not verify who I was Because I couldn’t remember the exact mailing address where I lived 7 years ago and 5 different states and home ago...I am so mad I cancelled the order and if I could cancel the 12 holiday gifts I just sent I would ... deleting amazon and will scream it to the 400 or so people that I know 
Any time another screen comes over the one you’re on (re-enter password, change shipping address), you can’t move any further in the flow. Once you tap on something on that screen that comes up, it just closes it and brings you back to the previous screen. Basically, you’re just stuck in a loop. Please fix this. I literally can’t buy anything through your app. I’m trying to give you money but you’re not letting me.
Keeps saying there’s an error preventing me from seeing my wish list or even place orders from mobile.
Love Amazon, love Prime, and even generally love the app. But for months now, I haven’t been able to successfully open the “Your Orders” tab. Whenever I click the button, it obviously asks for my thumb-print to log in and verify it’s me, but then it always pops up with a little dialogue box that says, “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”  I’ve tried again. I’ve quit the app. I’ve made sure my iOS and the app itself are updated to the most recent versions. I’ve restarted my phone. Nothing changes this.  Please fix this feature as it’s a main feature I use the app for! Without being able to check the status of my orders, the app doesn’t even serve half its function, in my opinion. 
It asks for my password- doesn’t recognize it and says something went wrong... I go through the steps and place order and it takes me back to my full cart.   I have to complete my order on my desktop.    I am shopping elsewhere more this holiday season....I’d fix ASAP
This app has some major issues. I can’t look at my past orders - it asks for my password every time and then when I put it in (correctly) it says there was an error. I’m also not able to order anything from the app. As a frequent shopper from the app this is super frustrating and annoying.
Everytime I try to place an order, the app asks me to log in. Then i get a message that says Oops! Something went wrong! And I can’t place the order. This happens on any screen where i need to view my account.  This issue makes the app pretty much useless.
It doesn’t recognize my password on the app so I can’t actually buy anything. I can add to my cart but I have to log in on my computer to actually buy something. Super frustrating. Otherwise I like the app. It shows different search results than the computer though. That’s kind of annoying too. I can’t just search for something on my computer and get the same results to find what I might have seen before.
Ever since the new update, I can’t order, login to my account, or check the status of orders that I made on the desktop, through the app. The big need to be addressed.
I don’t know why this keeps happening but maybe it has something to do with “Touch ID”? Upon trying to check out amazon ask for me to log-in with the Touch ID that I’ve used before. Then a message pops up saying that something went wrong and to try again later. This seems to happen all the time. Then the page continues to say “still loading” after hitting ok. It’s very frustrating since it happens when I’m trying to check out.
It keeps saying “something went wrong” when I try to view my orders with either touch ID or my password. Fix this please
I can’t even place an order on my iPhone. It keeps saying there was an error but let’s me in to my account. It asks over and over what shipping address to send to. No matter how many times I re-select my address, it flashes back to the question. I even did the latest update and it still does this. Fix please
Latest update not allowing me to order, error with fingerprint login.
Ever since I updated my Amazon app with your most recent update, the app says “something went wrong. Please try again later.”  It doesn’t do this on my iPad or desktop.  Please help!
On iphone x when you try to contact support thru chat the bottom doesn't show up promptly the keyboard so you cant type in. Sometimes after you type and send your question the bar stays frozen when the representative responds to you so in order to reply back you have to exit chat and enter again. Please fix
The app is very easy to use..but some sellers are very unprofessional when is comes to your items and extremely fraudulent and amazon seems to back their sellers 100% when it comes down to leaving a negative review due to unacceptable circumstances from their sellers..BE VERY AWARE OF WHO YOU ORDER FROM, AMAZON CANT BE TRUSTED AT ALL...
This version of the app breaks the login functionality! Amazon- get it together! It's the holidays!
App will not let me update quantities or place order.  Terrible.
I can’t add anything to my wish list I can view my wish list. I honestly cannot view any other options on Amazon unless I’m buying something which is pointless in having the app if I still have to go online.  It’s always saying something went wrong Haven’t been able to use amazon in two months 
I don’t know what has changed on the iPhone version, but the app is always asking me to reenter my password, especially when I want to look at orders. Today, I couldn’t get it to show me all my order details. I would enter my password and it would tell me there was a problem, would show me nothing. This problem doesn’t occur on the iPad.  Please fix this…  STILL BROKEN!!!! 
Every time I attempt to log into my account I get a notification that says, “Sorry an error has occurred. Please try again later.” Yet it still logs me in. Which would be fine, but then when I try to make a purchase it gives me the same message. I’m able to make purchases on a desktop, but I prefer mobile... fix this asap!!
In the reviews you can’t see the pictures they attach. I look at the pictures to see the quality of the product. Please fix this.
Trying to select different delivery address and app crashes or takes me back to login. Please fix.
There are little problems on the iPad app that are frustrating. Elements of Wish Lists that only show up properly in browsers on on the iPhone app. Product reviews with pictures do not show the pictures but do in the iPhone app, etc.
This app was working great until the latest update, now it keeps freezing up and I keep getting we are having difficulties. PLEASE FIX!!!
Worthless app since hitting the checkout button does nothing.
App needs controls where you can return to previous pages without starting from the home page everytime
When I try to view orders, go to customer service, or do anything involving my own account on the app, I get the error box “Something went wrong”. What is happening?
I used to love this app, now every time I try to shop from my phone or even look at old orders, it just asks me to enter my password (even tho I’m already logged in) and when I do, it says something went wrong. It’s literally only good for browsing and adding to my cart for later. Worthless.
Recent app updates have caused an endless cycle of forcing me to log in all the time, then giving me an error whenever I try to check out. App is rendered totally useless and has been for weeks.
Every time I try to do something on the app, it asks for my password.  Upon entering, it always says "Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again."  I can use the desktop site with no issues, but the app is not working right. This app used to work flawlessly.  Please fix
I have to sign in anytime I hit checkout and after I enter my password I get a pop-up that says "something went wrong."  It's been happening for weeks and so I keep heading to my desktop to purchase! Please fix!!
Love this app! Just wanted to submit some feedback- the “Add to List” function seems to have stopped working. Whenever I try to use it, it looks like the page just refreshes, and it takes me back to the top. 
Glitchy, kicks me out every time I try to change shipping address and everytime it asks for my password it glitches out as well. Piss poor app. Not what it used to be. Deleting and using the website instead
I love this app and use it frequently, but for the past 2 months or so, every time I try to sign in with the app, I get a pop up that says “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” and then I get a white screen. It’s incredibly frustrating, please fix this!
The current version is useless as I can’t log in at all—not manually nor with Touch ID. Every time I try I get the message “sorry, something went wrong.”
Haven’t been able to look at my orders on this app in over a year and I can’t look at anything in my account other than my default wishlist. I have to use my mobile browser to Amazon which makes this app useless.
Clicking on “Place Your Order” button just takes me back to my cart. Very frustrating! Must wait to get to a computer to complete my purchase.
I don’t understand what is going on, but when using the amazon app on my iPad and I tried it on my aunts as well...you are not able to get your account information and access many important features that you can through the app on your phone (mine is an iPhone 6 Plus) or through the internet. So, something is not working properly with the iPad app version and needs to be looked into.
When it prompts for password for any changes in address etc it then reverts back to previous address etc. and loops over and over never making change. Now I log on and it won’t open “orders” -just stays blank. Very obvious this app is overdue for an update on iOS.
After the last ‘upgrade’ I proceed to my basket I get the eternal log in demand - enter password, ‘something went wrong’ - back to basket - enter password, wash, rinse repeat!  Enough already!!!
I love this app. But here’s the thing. I can’t sign in with my thumb print or password when I’m trying to view my orders or proceed to checkout. Please fix this because I hate going from my phone to computer just to click a button, when I should be able to do everything from my phone.
I used this app religiously and now it wont even sign me into my account without and error message! I can’t buy anything because the checkout doesn’t work, I can’t check orders because it constantly asks for my password. From other reviews I see I’m not the only one having these issues! I don’t have these problems on my laptop!
The last update introduced a bug that asks users to log in when they ARE ALREADY LOGGED IN. This happens most often when trying to look at my orders, and is SUPER ANNOYING. It is also super annoying that the default is to "show password".  Should be the opposite, for security reasons.  PLEASE FIX.  This app is essential for shoppers, so I am not sure why the back button disappeared several updates ago in orders and has been MIA ever since.  Now, when you go to page 2 or 3 (or 14!) you have to go all the way to bottom to select prev page, etc.  Ideally, page selection would be BOTH at top and bottom, but minimally there should be a back button at the top the way it used to be.  Very clunky to have to go to bottom every time. 
It’s been like this for about two weeks now every time I log in to see my past orders it says ‘something went wrong, please try again’ and now it won’t let me buy anything. When I go to proceed with purchase it takes me to the shopping details( which is already saved) and when I click it, it takes me back to the proceed with check out over and over again.
Can’t easily press back button in on the iPhone X. Very frustrating.
I have been having load issues the past week and error messages today. Plz fix this issue.
Get the message “please check your internet connection and try again (CS1)” when attempting to use over cellular data. I am on Xfinity Mobile and they say it isn’t them. Works fine on WiFi
Developers, using the app to purchase or rent ebooks through the app doesn’t work. When you click the buy option I can select paperback and checkout but I can’t do so using ebooks.
Amazon windowshop app. Is by far the best  They made.  It's a shame that by moving Forward, you took two steps backwards. I have not like this app. For two reasons. 1. It doesn't have enough variety. 2. It doesn't have enough items. 
When I search for something, say searching my orders list, and I go back to use the search again, the input field is highlighted but nothing I enter shows up in that field.
There’s an error on the app that makes it impossible to use. ‘Please check your internet connection and try again(CS1).’ Most if not all other apps work, why not this one even after being updated to the most current firmware and re-downloading the app numerous times. I am forced to use the browser on my phone instead to log into my account.
This is a recent issue, but for the last 3 weeks when I’m using the app, it keeps asking me to sign in. Most of the time it’s serval times in a row. I mean seconds from one another. Please fix this glitch.  Also, can you please integrate the AmazonSmile feature on the app? We didn’t realize thousands of dollars that we spent on the app did not go towards our organization of choice - Make A Wish. 
Every time I go to check out it asks me for my password to continue like always but once I input my password it gives me a error message of “something went wrong” and I’ll have to put my password again then it does the same thing all over again. I love the app but I have been having to checkout from the browser. Please fix the issue
App won't stop glitching. Won't let me put in my password, and keeps saying there was an error. If I do it on the actual website, my password works with no errors.
The app won’t let me change my password and someone is hacking my account adding things to my cart. I called multiple times and had to recover my account. I’m tired of doing it, it’s annoying
For some reason this app freezes on my new phone
Every time I try to sign in to view my orders I get an oops something went wrong error. So frustrating!!!!!
App keeps freezing and crashing on iPhone 8 and repeatedly asking for password then freezing! What’s the problem Amazon?!
I love my Amazon app but I cannot read reviews by choosing Most Recent. I can if I am online but NOT through the app. Please fix so I can change my review to 5 stars!
I am frustrated that there’s not a forward button that I can use if I happen to hit the back button on an accident. It causes me to have to start a search over completely. I’m on the verge of deleting the app all together. I hate it!
I have used this app for a long time and its been great until now all the sudden, whenever i put items in my cart and go to checkout whenever im selecting shipping options for the last item in my cart say i have 10 items in the cart and it will stop on the 10th one and keep showing the same 10th item everytime i click proceed forward so I cant purchase any items in my cart and this mobile app is messed up now. Perfect timing with the holidays coming up for Amazon app not to work...
What is the point of this app if you cannot sign in to your account? Always getting error or “still loading”.. So utterly useless... 
This app has become and unmanageable abomination. I can’t login using Touch ID, and when I go to the menu it says “oops, something went wrong.” Every. Single. Time. Fix it please.
Constantly have to sign in only to get the error message “sorry, something went wrong”. Can’t make purchases through the app now.  Website is still going strong, app needs a ton of work.
This app crashes all the time with my iphone 8. I cannot buy anything at all. Better to use website than this app. Not good amazon not good.
Haven’t been able to place an order on the app since then... get it together please.
I tried shopping on amazon for a change bought something and still a month later it never came worst website out there
I can no longer complete a transaction through the app.
My app is up to date but every time I try to checkout I am prompted to log in. So I sign in, go to checkout, and have to log in again. So annoying! It’s been over a month and counting. Have to make purchases from my internet browser for the foreseeable future.
This is the message I get every time I try to look at ‘ your orders ‘.  Using the fingerprint verification doesn’t work. I have to enter my password using the keyboard each time. Please fix the app so it is useful in reviewing past orders.
After the latest series of iOS updates, this app doesn't load, won't let you sign in. I tried deleting the app and downloading again, it did not solve any problems. There are major problems with iOS and the Amazon App.
Amazon can you please fix this?!?  I keep getting a “sorry something went wrong” message when trying to complete my purchase.  Wish I could buy things.
Normally a great app, but it keeps crashing sometimes when I log in, try to check out, or change an address. Impossible for me to buy anything at the moment
Normally I love this app but since the last update it constantly asks for my password and tells me something went wrong! It won’t let me finish reviewing what I am trying to review because it kicks me out of that screw repeatedly. Please fix it!
Glitches when I try to view my orders, glitches when I try to change my shipping address, glitches when I try to change my payment method, glitches when I try to add a new payment method. If I log out and try to log back in it just keeps saying "something went wrong."
Ever since the new iOS I can “sign in”. What I mean by that is it shows my photo at the top when I’m browsing but if I was to go purchase something is makes me put my password or fingerprint, then gives me “oops something went wrong”. So annoying. Let me know when it’s fixed, until then I’ll be using the website on safari I suppose.
It is getting really annoying to see countless pop ups of today's deals! Also, I never get notifications of when my item(s) are shipped and/or delivered anymo