Loved this app used it for years but got new phone LG g4 downloaded cool reader but it can't find my ext SD card now so can't read my books gutted this was best AP out there Help fix this problem please
Still many glitches Love this app especially the read aloud option can still read my ebooks while I'm multitasking. Always re-install when I change phones but the glitches seem to be getting worse. Forces close all the time even in read aloud mode and constantly loses the page that I was on when I close it.
Problem in Android Lollipop It used to be my favorite epub reader app. Back when I was still using Android Jelly Bean, it worked perfectly. But it doesn't seem to work in my new phone (with Android Lollipop). When I try to reduce the screen backlight brightness to the lowest level, the text becomes blurr. It was perfectly fine in my Android Jelly Bean though. So I wonder why it won't work in Lollipop? Can I just send this problem through email so i can show you the screenshoot? Please respond me 😭
Really like it but there is a rotation bug Works great and been using it for a while. The biggest problem I have had is the screen auto rotates in the app no matter what the global setting is. It's frustrating if you want to lay on your side and read as the screen turns 90 degrees. This is about the only app I have come across that ignores the global setting.
From phone to phone I've rarely had problems using this app. I love it actually. That is until recently. I am using Xiaomi Note 3, Global ROM, Android 6, Miui, 8.2. The app doesn't recognise the external MicroSim. When you have over 1GB of titles it kinds sucks cause it's taking up quite a chunk of space. Hope it gets fixed in the next update.
Cut off sentences, but looked good. Unfortunately sentences, even those climactic ones at the end of chapters, were cut off from the second or third word; using another app showed the whole sentence, meaning that this app is faulty in some way. It's a pity, because I liked the look and feel of this app along with the slide screen brightness.
Perfect This is a great ebook reader on my old phone. It is very customizable. I use it to read html files offline as well as the more usual formats of epub and mobi with a few prc thrown in.
It has one major flaw. It can not read book files from the external micro SD card. Internal storage is no problem, but it won't even recognize that the SD card exists. Otherwise it is quite good for what it does.
Was one of the best, highly configurable. Perfect for those who don't care to spend a little time preparing it for the best reading experience. Unfortunately, since android 7 it doesn't work anymore, do not recognize SD cards and do not link itself with epub fies. Those faithful to it have no other choice to migrate.
Have been using this app for about 2 years now. Never had a problem till I got a new phone. Every time I exit the app, the font size and the brightness are set to default. Really annoying.
App is lagging while turning the page. My devices are HTC M8, which I changed to M9 and got the same problem. Please, optimize it.
One problem Once you fix the screen rotation problem, it will be 5 stars. I've adjusted all the orientation settings and none of them lock it...
Can't delete files I've been using this reader for a long time and it's perfect for me. But since the last update I can't delete files directly from the app. Fix this, please?
All time fav It was the second epub app I installed and it's absolutely perfect. It has a simple clean interface and highlights and bookmarks with ease,which are the features I look for.been using it on 3 different devices since past 2.5 yrs.so I've used it a lot and it has rarely failed me(no apps foolproof). Best app for epub files.
