Apart from minor ui gripes (and they are due to modern phones lacking proper Back button), excellent. Afbee is nicest reader out there.
Why can't I adjust the brightness like the waaaaaaaaaay older versions.... It's too bright even in night mode...
Has all of the things Kindle Reader lacks. I'm still using FBReader, on an HTC 10. Absolutely no problems at all.
So far the best Epub reader I've tried. It's not perfect, but I've yet to successfully find better, so props. I'm considering buying the pro version in a near future.
Very good reader I have been using for years. Bought premium version just to support development, I am pretty happy with free version, though...
This is a truly great, highly customizable reader. Only question I have is why the night/day button disappears and reappears from landscape mode at certain times of the day? Revised: Thanks for fixing the glitch with the night/day button. Now it's visible all the time, regardless of screen orientation and time of day.
Great and reliable eBook reader. Also the developers are very responsive and my last comments were addressed within a few days! Just keep the great work!
Bookshelf view is a paid feature
Bakwas chije bana rakhi hai........... Kam dhande kiya kre .....
The current free version won't open books from zip files. Paid version does. No warning about it and I think this is very deceptive and poor practice. I have used the app for years but will probably switch because I don't like authors that try to force you to pay by limiting key functionality
For some reason insists on ignoring the system screen brightness and managing its own. Now stuck in a dark unreadable setting and I can't figure out how to get it back to normal. Forget it.
Name checks out: definitely my FavoriteBookReader. This is the e-reader that spoiled my experience with all others. I have even gone to the trouble of sideloading it on my kindle fire tablet, because FBReader is so much better than the native kindle reader.
Don't be misled by the wide range of features it flaunts. It's not the best reader you'd want to download- 1. Doesn't auto detect relevant files downloaded from elsewhere. Either you use its library (which isn't all free) or open books from for manager for the first time. 2. UI is somewhat primitive-you can't see the contents in the handy slide menu. 3. It asks you to buy premium version for even basic features like bookshelf view. 4. Dictionary needs to be downloaded. 5. It's not ad-free!
Does not like the extra pay to get book shelf view. If I can live without it, the reader is still ok.
