I liked the app for it's simplicity and quick access to data. But would have preferred to have DoF unit as cm instead of feet or meters. Feet or meters for distance of subject is fine. But calculating DoF in decimal numbers of feet and meter becomes difficult on field.
This app seems very useful. My only criticism is that the screen is very difficult to read on a smartphone. It would help if the lines and text were bolder.
If you're new to Landscape Photography and would like to be able to understand and calculate your Hyperfocal Distance, then this app is for you! I'm 100% happy with this app and I recommend it to anyone out there who seeks to take better landscape photo. You can take my word on this 😉
Great app, very user friendly, fantastic help to know your debt of field for all practical focal lengths and for all different subject distances. Field of view was helpful for me to figure out home studio dimensions. Many thanks for a great app
Very useful while on a field assignment to make sure I've got it right. I use it on my tablet and phone. I like being able to save profiles and emailing the tables.
Would be great if those small sensor like 1" sensor (g7x mkII etc), and others small sensor 1/1.7" (for g12, g15 etc) put on this list. Just put like the sensor size without needed to put the camera model. Because those cam have manual focus and sure need the help to calculate HFD
Awesome Love this app. Handy in the field. Only feature I'd love to see is to enter desired dof and calc necessary fstop based on camera and distance
visually well designed and works great, actually helped me find the best aperture with one of my lenses too. well done to the devs!
I wouldn't be without this app now I have found it. For using the correct aperture for minimum depth of field required at different subject distances without loss of focus but maintaining bokeh.
good nice but when scrolling through the hfd table it would help if the aperture info remained fixed while only the data for the focal length scrolled, as it is the aperture disappears off the side of the screen and you lose all reference
The application​runs and works as advertised. I don't know what else I would have to say at the moment.
My lens is 600mm. HFPro only goes to 500mm. Scrolling down the list takes forever. The 'table view' only seems to go to 135mm! Where is 600mm?
The best app for its purpose. Plenty of information presented intelligently and with ample clear explanations. All you need to know about depth of field.
Clean clear information and easy to enter parameters. Wishlist ....change font size. An optional larger one for tablet use would be good
