Actually, it is a very good email app. The new icon totally sucks and the main developer seems to be completely deaf to users feedback about it. Don't be fooled by the icons you see on the Google play page for k9. It isn't showing the new icon. Even if the old icon doesn't come back, the icon needs a different look from what it is now.
SORT THE SYNCHRONISATION OUT. PLEASE. IT IS LITERALLY THE KEY FUNCTION OF AN EMAIL CLIENT -LETTING YOU KNOW YOU HAVE NEW EMAIL. I should not have to manually check. Taking another star off because comments are being ignored. Also, what's with the new - and rather babyish - logo? The original was rather smart. Can we have it back please?
I love this app but lately, polling disables itself at least 50% of the time no matter what I try, and for the past 2 days there's a socket exception when it polls. When are you going to fix these errors?
Good app, do the job very well. Found two issues with the app. Don't have swipe action and don't sync spam folder. Why do you need this? Think about the last time you lose an email and where did you find it.
[Update] March 2018 and sent folder still useless. Still won't show anything newer than September 2012. Also, encrypted email shows HTML tags rather than rendered HTML. Aside from those, it's a GREAT app. ([Update] It's now January 2017 and sent folder is still 100% useless! Broken for YEARS!) Works great with encryption, but please see how poorly it renders BestBuy deals email and please fix it. Also, sent folder is useless. Only shows email I sent way back in September 2012 (it's now May 2015)
Hey "K-9 Dog Walkers"! Your app *used* to be great. But not any more. Your GitHub Issues are a hot mess of dog s**t! Constantly cross-linking closed issues without a fix promised. Your app also eats my battery! Your app eats draft emails like the proverbial dog eats homework! Uninstalling.
This has been my go-to email app for 7+ years. Sadly, just today started problems with not pulling emails from the server. Emails are in webmail but most not all are NOT making it to K9. I can send fine as well. It's been 2.5 months, time for an update?
Pretty good email Doesn't update the folder structure so a lot of stuff I don't see, but I could reload I suppose. New icon is awful, like a pixel version of a Lego telly tubby
Puerile icon. Sync issues- force close and restart app and sync starts to work- until it falls over again. This sync issue has been going on for well over a year now, no idea how long. After a while it starts to eat away at you. I'll give it another couple of months and then another star's going. Trouble is- what alternatives exist? I came back to K9 when K10 ceased to be supported. No one listened there either.
I keep coming back to this app, use it and remember why I am still searching for a good email app. Considering how long email has been around, I'm surprised. CHECK for new email in a given frequency, NOTIFY ME of the new email, rinse, repeat. I hate fighting with this app. It's time to find something that just works.
Actually this is a six star app. But until you bring back the old icon it's a four. Come on folks, an ugly icon is an ugly icon.
K-9 is a very feature rich email client and I've been using it for years. Some bugs from time to time but nothing serious and when others have inserted ads, full screen even, K-9 has remained ad free! Lately I'm frustrated with mail syncing not working, probably due to doze but nothing I do seems to help. Issue is still there :(
My preferred email client because it respects my privacy. But now that ugly ugly new icon on my home screen - YUK. Please developers show some maturity - you got wrong, damaged your branding, and lost the spirit of K9. Time to revert back to the old icon.
Great email app, been using it for years, but the new icon? Absolute rubbish, it looks like it was designed by a 5-year-old, actually a 5-year-old could do a better job I'm sure
