It's not often I use this app, but let me say I've had it on my phone for years and it is awesome just how it can work. Love it when I need to customize ringtones, will never let it go😉   Full Review
Worked properly. I tried several before this one. They were all strangely identical and none worked properly, because they only seemed to want to use the first few seconds of the MP3 (the part I needed to cut off, in fact). This app allows editing properly.   Full Review
There is a VERY big big that I think you should know about. On my Droid Maxx 4.4.4 latest firmware, the app caused my mic to not work in certain apps i.e. Snapchat, Skype, and Voxer. I googled it up and the answer that came up was uninstall ur ringtone app. I was skeptical but I did it. And to my surprise it worked. Now whenever I want a new ringtone I just have to install and uninstall again. It's a hassle but I like my custom ringtones and alarms.   Full Review
Sound distorted Used to love this app.  Stopped working a few months back.  Sounds distorted, slow timing,  I Uninstalled and then reinstalled numerous times and it still won't work.  Do not download this app,  waste of time.   Full Review
Sorry to say the latest update broke this app. I hope you get it back to its usual 5 star condition soon.   Full Review
One issue with the app is that after listening to multiple notifications/alarms etc. the next one I try to listen to fails to load and only shows about the first 6 seconds of the file, but can be fixed by closing and re-opening the app but it does get annoying from time to time. Great app otherwise. Please fix for 5 stars.   Full Review
There's no reason to own a phone that does not have this app. Must have.  I've had it on every phone I've owned for about 10 years now.  Still one of my favorite OG apps.   Full Review
I think this app is brilliant because it's so easy to use and it allows you to change the boring built in ringtones to something louder and more personal to the user. The reason I needed this app is because I recently bought a Moto E 3rd generation and couldn't find a way to personalise the ringtones or notifications which really annoyed me seeing as I paid 100 notes for it but this app sorted that out in no time. Thanks to the developers!!!   Full Review
Since the Beginning Of the Android Smartphone Era, This App from Day 1 has been, 6 STAR Worthy. Never had any issues with it. Always The First to Download App when I Obtain a New Phone. Keep up the Great Work.   Full Review
Awesome Timeless application, seriously focused on being a very user friendly functional application and it's wonderful that the dev is still supporting it after all this time   Full Review
It worked great now the ringtones skip and sound distorted Wtf plz fix asap and 5 stars you will have   Full Review
Been using this app since my first android phone (HTC Hero) has worked like a charm since on every device. Only issue is it doesn't seem to work on my new LG V20. Files only come thru as static. Other than that, still one of my fav apps   Full Review
All these years later, it still works as advertised! That's amazing and I really appreciate that! Thank you for keeping this app relevant and useful!   Full Review
I've used this app from the first smartphone I had til now Nothing better. It's exactly what I wanted then and now. It doesn't get any easier and better.   Full Review
