I have used this app for several years and have been really happy with it. The only glitch I've found is with mms messages. I didn't think it was backing up my sent pictures at all. It is, but they're under my name instead of in the same thread as the recipient. Is there a way to fix this? The app worked perfectly until I switched to the pixel a year and a half ago
Just came in to say that my folks are getting old and my Mom continually ill. I truly appreciate having an automatic backup so I can go any time in the future and read our conversations if I were to change my phone. Want to see backup of voice text messages (audio recordings via sms). I have a family member who cannot type so we communicate via voice sms. I thought these were getting backed up too until I checked my gmail storage. This program has been backing up reliably and the archives have been useful.
I've been using this app for years and it's always been good but here lately is messing up. For some reason it's backing up all the pics I send to different people under one contacts name. And doesn't back up under the name is suppose to. All the text are there but the pics are not. Please tell me how this can be fixed.
Now got system crash to touchwiz app(home screen) when this app installed, it only resolved by uninstalling this app. Please help resolve this
Was the best application but now don't work no more good after last update... I love when sms backup after a minute you received but non seems don't work anymore because backup every hour or randomly... Please fix
Great app for fire and forget backups! Also very handy if you ever need to look up an old text as you can utilise the power of Gmail search much more easily.
I've been using this for a while. Would have given it a higher rating except that now I can only view text messages that I sent! All text messages received are now gone!!!! 😡
I've relied on this app to do well for a very long time but lately it's been crashing, not backing up, etc...help
It backs up to Google account great. RESTORING is the issue. It doesn't work on Samsung Note 3. Please help fix and I will give 5 stars.
It seems for this app to function correctly so call logs backed up to calendar you have to have Google calendar installed on phone as doesn't work with 3rd party calendars...
This is a great way to ensure you don't lose important text messages even if your phone dies out. Love it
Absolutely awesome app. Makes changing phones so much less painful. Thanks. Really appreciate your work.
