Why can’t anyone from support tell me how to disable this “Deliver to” banner that now displays under the search bar and on EVERY product screen I visit. When you click on it, it says “Choose your delivery location” but never goes away! Tell me how to disable!!!
Works great except when trying to filter reviews. Need to fix the bugs. Would be nice to sort by price as well
Please add customer-submitted photos on the iPad app! I can see them in reviews on iPhone but not on iPad.
If I can’t buy all Amazon items from the app,  why use it? Kindle books and some other physical items can’t be purchased in the app. So I have to start over on a webpage. No reason to use the app if I have to start over from scratch to get the Buy option.
Amazon decided to add autoplay ads to their app and now I can't listen to music or podcasts while browsing!! It's ridiculous that as a prime member I have to deal with ads let alone autoplay video ads!!!!
Specific detailed search options such as searching for items within my wishlist are gone after this latest update.
What happened with the last update? I can’t see pictures without it taking forever and I can’t share items via text. Please fix ASAP!!!!
Whenever I read comments I like to see the most recent but I haven’t been able to switch between the two. When I click on the option to switch it’s just a blank greyed out screen.
Furious at the fact that I pay $100 a year for prime plus the price of every item I've purchases, yet I am no longer allowed to leave reviews for any product I buy. Because a,axon ASSUMES that I leave good reviews for free products. Maybe some people just leave good reviews because the product is good. There is no evidence to back up their claim whatsoever & I am extremely angry. So Amazon if you want a bad review so bad... Here ya go.
Love the app overall, however, I just recently tried to used iOS split view on iPad Pro with no luck. Would be nice to research a product online while simultaneously viewing availability from Amazon.
Love Amazon but this app is incredibly unresponsive on iPhone X. Especially when chatting with customer support or attempting to choose a different size / color of an item.
You can’t see photos attached to reviews on the iPad. If I really want to see them I have to get out my phone and look the product up again. I rely on review photos to give me a better idea of what the product will look like. The lack of this function has caused a lot of returned products.
Where is the sign out option in this software version?  If someone is using my kindle tablet or phone, I want the option to close the app.  Please put back in sign out option in next update.
Using this app on my iPad Pro - doesn’t look ANYTHING like the pictures in the app preview.  Typical crappy Amazon software release discipline - release notes are non-descriptive and don’t indicate what’s been changed.  Come on Amazon - you employ half of the town I live in - can’t you get a simple mobile app correct for customers who spend tens of thousands of dollars with you a year?    One NICE thing - at least landscape mode works again.  Wow. 
You know what this review is about Amazon. Fix this issue. Let us know where you stand.
I gave up using the app to make an order due to an inability to adjust the quantity. Part of the screen darkens, but nothing happens when I try to adjust it.
Unfortunately I have never experienced a time using Amazon when searching for specific product that the search return the filtered products or results that were accurate.  When Using filters, the filters do not filter with accuracy, the worst part is regardless of what you search or filter the results do not provide only the selected product filtered or for that matter a complete category products offered My experience with Amazon is they are notorious for including irrelevant products into your search.    The style of coding creates a complete waste of consumers time and inhibits their customers from actually purchasing the desired products, adding to the company’s bottom line.    ** If Amazon believes providing irrelevant, meaningless, or inaccurate product results when searching or filtering they are seriously mistaken! **  This actually creates the opposite effect and does a disservice to their loyal customers. If this is what the Product and Marketing Owners call convenience, they ought to step back and reevaluate their tactics. These tactics force the consumer to reevaluate shopping with Amazon and return to brick-and-mortar.    Be the industry leader, then follower and STEP UP and change the industry standard and provide consumers with accurate and effective process to locate relevant merchandise. 
Reliable app for shopping. I waste more time finding button to buy or find related items because Amazon is crowding the interface with ads. Downgrade Jan 2018.
For the last few months I have noticed that I have random items in my cart that i have never even looked at. Now looking at my profile I have learned I am an avid reviewer. I do not review items. What is going on?
I'm writing this review because I can't find anywhere, on the app or otherwise, to report issues about poor app functionality. I've tried the barcode scanning function on three different phones, and it never works. I have a giant pile of textbooks I need to trade in, because they are useless to me and selling them to a bookstore is worth basically nothing. I used to do this via Amazon all the time in college. Now, when I open the barcode scanner, it cannot find the barcode. No matter what I do - avoid shadows and glare, move it closer or farther, different angles, restarting the app, restarting my phone, etc., it just flat out doesn't work. You need to FIX THIS. It's one of the only reasons I have this awful app. Ever since you got rid of the Amazon Student app, which is what I used to use for my trade-ins, this function hasn't worked. FIX. IT.
I use this app all the time. At one point, there was a way where you could swipe one way or another for similar items. It was really nice. Sometimes you'll put in a search and you'll find one or two things that are LIKE what you are looking for, but not quite and you don't know what to type in to find it. Bring it back, Amazon!
When I write a product review using the iOS app and then choose “add a photo” before submitting, it makes me start all over with my review.
This latest update makes it so that when I am on a call, the top blue navigation bar is cut off horizontally down the middle. It’s not covered by the green bar showing the call but the white text like the go back arrow, Amazon, related action button, it’s just gone from the middle up and the functionality doesn’t alway work when tapped.  This is likely an iOS 11 issue, however. After the call ends, the issue continues and the only way to fix it is to restart the app. 
Please make them stop
Great app, except for the irrelevant recommendations. Why would a single man with no kids be interested in women’s clothing or baby-related items? There is nothing in my purchase history, browsing history or wish list that would indicate any interest in those things. It used to seem much more personalized than it does lately, now it’s just annoying.   At least give me a “not interested” button. That way you could recommend things that I might actually be interested in. 
The post few updates have all said things like "Go to the menu" to find the new feature... But the menu does not have these new features.
I hate when I am looking through the daily deals and I click on an item and when I go back to the list it takes me back to top of the list.  Now I have to make the decision to scroll ALL the way down to where I was or just close the app
I like the app and its worked well, but through several updates i was hoping this issue would get fixed. It has not. I have several items in my saved for later cart and as I scroll down and it processes to show me those items, it then doubles the number in the list. Scroll down again and now you have 3 and so. I just cant ever get to the bottom of the list.
The app just keeps getting worse and worse! Pictures don’t load, I can’t click the options buttons to change color/size etc., I can’t click the purchase button to buy something, and a lot of times the app looks old school and reverts to blue hyperlinks. I want to buy things on amazon but I have to jump through hoops to maybe get a purchase in. Also I don’t like that you can only use one card to make a purchase. I hope things smooth out soon.
Sorting by low to high price doesn’t work right forcing you to scroll thru hundreds of items. Who has the time for such nonsense?
The stupid wish list bar at the bottom of the screen is so annoying and, tbh, distracting. I can hide it, sure, but like a bad dream, it keeps coming back. @Amazon - cut it out!
Where is the dark mode for night shopping on an iPad screen in bed? #TooBright  Sharing an item after it has been added to a cart has been broken for years.   Video playback is broken on the main description and isn’t supported for user reviews.   #Fail 
The list that constantly showed up at the bottom of the screen is completely annoying. There is no way to make it permanently go away.
I would love tmfor you guys to stop getting rid of the easy access wish list at the bottom of the screen. It’s so convenient. Would love for you want to keep it there or at least put an option in the app for people who want it there and for people who don’t. :)
The top of the screen where the back button, search, shopping cart, notification and amazon logo is all cut off
I’ve use this app a lot, and I like it. Very easy to navigate and seems to have most everything I have needed. One thing that drives me crazy though is when the app shows a notification and you open it up, unless you know to go to the bell icon for the notification, you will look around for a very long time to try and figure out why you have a notification. Amazon., you need to put a notification symbol on the bill inside the app once you open it to see what it is you are trying to tell us.
The iPhone app works great still! However the app for iPad does not give you the option to update your account settings anywhere. Or if it does it’s incredibly difficult to find. I hate using my iPad to shop now. Please make it more user friendly. The apps vary greatly between those two.
I loved this app, but I no longer use it because it does not support AmazonSmile. Also, I cannot share products I found because the web link to products is never shown and there is no sharing button.
I haven’t had this problem in the last that I recall, but now when I look at a kindle version of a book it has buttons to add to list, download sample, share book...but no way to add to cart or purchase.  Tried on both iPad and iPhone app. :(
Abysmal!!! Worst app I’ve had to use by a great company I just don’t get it. I just ordered something and it doesn’t take and I can’t see them in “Your Orders” but I get an email for them?
Only giving one star to get this fixed. This has been like this for months.  When trying to select recent reviews on a product the screen just darkens but no prompt comes up. I just want to see the most recent review in a product. 
The registry process needs completely revamped. I cannot even select items on my registry to edit/replace. This is specific to the iPad however I also experience lots of issues on both my iPad and tablet. Please fix.
It extremely frustrating that I’m not able to download kindle material from the app.  I do most of my reading on my phone with my kindle app but adding new content is way more difficult than it should be.  Not only can it not be done from the app but it is also difficult to get to the full site from my phone because it automatically takes me to the app.  It’s not an option from the app menu either.   Quite frankly, you’re a billion dollar company on the cutting edge of technology.   This should not be a difficult thing to achieve.
I am extremely addicted to this app. Even when i am not ordering love to store things in my wish list. Or even create folders of different wishes i want. Especially with this new update amazon provided us for the use of this app has been a great positive change.
I find the app useful but also very obnoxious. Anytime I got to daily deals and scroll, the images go blank once your start scrolling. Also I don't like that I cannot manage my rentals on the app.
Why does the new version have a notification flag on my phone and no guidance within the app on how to get rid of it?
The videos start automatically and there is no way to stop them. It is on the main page.  They are getting annoying and I don't even want to go on the site anymore because of them.
Well, I love shopping at Amazon, but searching for products is a nightmare...  1. Price range not on the list, doesn’t appear until you select other filters and still (you allowed to select only couple options: above $50, above $200 and etc.) Where are fields to enter low and high ???  2. Sorting - absolute disaster (once you click sort by price or any, it removes 90% of results - Leaving you with crap which is not even relevant to the search.... 
Stable, fairly easy to use and navigate, and has much (though not all) of the functionality of the web site.
This has been a long time frustration...there’s no discernible way to connect the app to my smile.amazon account. Three stars as a result.
I can’t filter by “discount” anymore.  This app is now useless to me since I always filtered by discount percentage
this app has really deteriorated and my days of using it are definitely numbered.  searching functions are not user-friendly and hide variables to search by when you have chosen others first.  you can forget trying to use it for movies now unless you know exactly what movies you’re looking for.  their coming soon filter shows every movie out there instead of ones that have never been launched.  i’ll do a general search for a movie and the one I’m looking for does not show up on the list. I will then do a specific search just for it and all of a sudden it shows up.  yesterday I tried to find a movie and couldn’t find it in the app.  I then went to Bing to look for it on the web and it directed me towards the Amazon app where it all of sudden appeared
I’m in the process of making a baby registry. First, when I click on items in my registry it will not let me view them. At all. Can not view size or any other details. Can not delete item. Nothing.  Second, I can not just add items to my registry. First I have to add item to a list. Then go into the list and “move” it to my “baby registry”.  A nice feature to add and I am so frustrated that it’s not a feature at all, I (and probably many other registry makers) would like to be able to go back through and group certain items together. For instance, I would like to group a specific shirt with a specific pair of pants with a specific pair of shoes with a specific hat,bibs, onesie, etc. Or a certain sheet set with a certain blanket. It would be easier for the gifters as well! No organization :( 
Annoying issue where you’ll search for something and it’ll say “no results.” This occurs when searching for non-brand name items. Quite frustrating.
The App works great, however, I think that they should include new and interesting finds on their home screen like they have on their website.
Is it just me or does iPad version for Amazon does not have customer images? It’s kind of annoying because it plays a big part in my purchases.
I live in rural Wyoming, so Amazon Prime is a way of life. Generally, my least favorite way to shop Amazon is on my iPad. The app is so glitchy and inferior compared with the desktop and iPhone experiences. For example, I have an active baby registry but when I view the registry on my iPad, I can’t access the item pages, purchase, modify, or delete the items. I can basically only view the list of items on my registry. If I want to make any modifications or view the individual items, I have to use my phone or computer. Totally inefficient.
If u need it "fine-fast-& foolproof" AMAZON is ur  #1 "GO TO" guy!  Their quality vendors, impeccable merchandise & services, & ultra-speedy delivery r 2nd to NO ONE. My brother, BRADFORD, is often referred to as the "AMAZON KING." Thank U Amazon 4 being THE BEST.
UPDATE: apparently iPad got the wrong app version with the previous update. The latest update fixed everything and it’s now like it was previously.  The latest update is terrible. I hate the layout and they took away the quick access buttons at the bottom of the screen. Also none of the option selections work when in/on an item page (eg. size, color, etc). The app might look more “modern” but it’s several steps back in functionality. 
The app is okay for shopping, but completely useless if you are trying to contact support. The chat interface is so broken that you cannot even select the text field to enter anything.
On this app I ordered toe cream and it accidentally got it on my pillow. After I  got back from paying taxes my cat lost all of its hair from sleeping on the pillow, but I did not know that. So I went to sleep and everything was fine until I took a shower and my hair fell out.
New version is full of bugs. Title bar is cut off, load time is crazy slow, REALLY poor effort by the iOS team.
Your tag line for the app reads, shopping made easy. LIE. If it were easy, I would be able to make purchases from the app, I can’t. Especially in particular, things from my wish lists.
App stinks. They can update all they want, it doesn't help since SERVICE continues to go downhill. 4th time this year alone we've not received our guaranteed shipment as prime members. Great idea of having your own delivery service Amazon, & hiring dependable workers, working real well.  NOT! Customer service chat is so clueless, so useless & an absolute waste of time.   Another update, another issue. Now can NOT add anything to my cart! Errr! Says to select a size when a size is already selected & reselected!! What next.  Search suuucks! Type in a SPECIFIC item & get over 1,000 results - 90% which have NOTHING to do with my specific search. C'mon apply search intelligence!  Please fix the scrolling issues once again! It lags & lags! Get RID of the recommendations & what others bought - who cares?!! Hate that.  Read your feedback Amazon! Annoying that I Can NOT even see my full cart & what I have in it, will not scroll all the way down.  Get constant error codes. Oh & customer service chat - terrible! terrible service! Train your people better! 
Why is this app for iPad different than the iPhone app?  The menu drop down is better in the iPhone app.  If you make the iPad app the same, it would be improved and I would bump up the rating.
Option choose square totally broken
With the new update, the app now refuses to even open. I click on the icon, and nothing happens. I have tried to delete, and then reinstall, but no luck. Same problem persists. I have IOS 10.3.3 so I see no reason why it is now behaving this way. Likely one of the new updates. Previously, the app worked great, like it was supposed to. Please fix!
Amazon feeds my impulsive shopping habits and has everything I need. No issues with the app itself. The fifth star will come when I can BUY MY KINDLE BOOKS FEOM THE APP! It is a MASSIVE hassle to get a book I want to read Right Now (the mindset Amazon has so kindly put in my head) since I can’t get it on the app
Books filter should include type of edition: paperback, digital, kinddle, etc Clothing filter should include type of cloath 
I’ve been having a lot of trouble with the Amazon app lately. Currently, I am unable to sort by most recent reviews. When I click on the section to do so, it just gives me a gray screen. Please fix this!
Will change rating when app is fix.
Since the last update the app continually crashes just after opening. Can’t do anything with it. I deleted the app and downloaded again with no change.
Newest update makes the app crash every time I open it. What’s going on?
I always love using this app but today there has been this new annoying glitch. I open the app and then it immediately crashes. Tried reinstalling twice and resetting my phone. Nada. Until it gets fixed, 1 star.
Amazon no longer has free return shipping? Their prices also aren't the cheapest. There really in no incentive to shop on Amazon vs other major retailers. If I buy a product I don't like, depending on the price, I lose more then half my investment if I want to return it. Even if the product is damaged, I still have to pay return shipping. You also never know exactly what your going to get from the picture/description. I've always praised their customer service but in past months they have been willing to help. Products I have ordered from them have arrived damaged, late, or not shown up at all. I no longer associate the Amazon brand with good customer service, low prices, or efficiently.
Tapping the chat line when your keyboard is missing does not consistently work since the chat line is near the very bottom of the screen
The product is good is the price I was not to happy, these 2 items I brought was $45 and changed it up to $59 no, I’m not going to buy amazon again! Plus it was a free shipping and it’s not a free shipping, not going to shop there again.
Please add password protection to the app to avoid children accidently using it
The only thing that works on the app is buying stuff. If I want to access my account to manage anything it tells me something went wrong.
Please make a added feature to unlock the app with our finger thank you
Ridiculous. App does not even link to the “shop nowL item being offered!
Basically they took everything that made the iPhone app great and left it out of the iPad version.  You can’t view your cart as more than a drop down menu, and you can’t see photos on reviews.  Not worth it.
Since the update, the app won’t let me add clothing to my cart - I choose the size and the color and then click “add to cart” and it alerts me in red to choose a size, which I’ve already done. I’ve tested this on multiple items and it’s the same each time. It’s extremely irritating. The only way to add clothing to my cart now is to sign into my amazon account on safari and add the item there and then go back to shopping the app. I hope this is fixed soon, as I’m a frequent Amazon shopper, especially for clothing. We have a baby coming and my registry is on Amazon as well. So, I’ve been ordering a lot of items recently. I wish I hadn’t updated the app now, what a pain.
I’m trying to buy a shirt and when I choose the correct size and color it says ! Please select a size I already if this is not fixed I will switch to eBay
For about a month now there are times that I can’t place an order.  The photo of the item is blank but the description is there so I touch to see the item and still no photo of it but the details and everything else is there.   So I touch to order it and nothing happens.  I restart my iPhone 6 and still same problem.   My bill this month was $40.   I usually spend $100- $200!  That’s because I can’t place an order.  Your loss.  Hope it can be fixed.
I use exclusively on iPad.  The toolbar is gone from the bottom of the page, which was so much easier than the drop down menu.  When linking from ATK to buy recommend products the page doesn’t let me save item to my list.  It just circles and circles.  Plus the page looks completely different and navigation is wonky.  If I go in directly from the app it looks just the way it used to.  I have no idea where this dash board is in the app despite following the instructions in the help section.  There is no way to save something to my dashboard.  All in all it’s a bust.
While I love using the wish list, it disappears off my screen all the time. Tiresome having having to long press any item to pull it up, it used to always show.
Everything is fine except the customer’s photos. The app doesn’t show any photos on iPad, only shows on iPhone. :(
Unable to make changes. I.e.  cancel 1-click. Somehow everything I order is duplicated. About to stop using Amazon.
This used to be reliable but lately it’s buggy. Search results take forever to load and error messages pop up frequently. I’d never shop at amazon if I had to rely on this app and this experience is leaving a bad taste so that I don’t want to seek out alternative ways to buy from amazon. I can get what I’m looking for from target or bed bath and beyond. The app was part of the convenience. Without that why bother?
The new update is more time consuming.  Where is the “clear my search history” feature?  Don’t want to see other stuff I am no longer interested in on the home page.  Why remove the quick buttons across the bottom?  They were so easy for navigation.  The new colors are also a real turn off.  Please remove or make optional the “add to wish list pop-up.”  It is REALLY ANNOYING when it pops up because I held the item too long when scrolling.
If you select an item with various options (color, size, dimensions, whatever), the touchscreen scroll doesn’t work. It scrolls the window behind the size selector modal. Please fix! This is incredibly frustrating!!!
Where do I start? The layout is clunky and requires an extra step in the drop down menu to go anywhere off of the home page, & you can’t enlarge by tapping pictures anymore- it’s a pain in the neck to have to zoom in and out instead of a quick tap. But my biggest complaint is that on the deals page I can’t choose a size or color- when I tap the arrow, it “blinks” but doesn’t give a drop down for a choice. In other words, if you have to make any choices before ordering, you might as well forget it. Haven’t tried on the other pages yet, but if they are the same it needs to be fixed if you want any orders! Very disappointed- I shop using this app frequently, but will stop if it’s too frustrating to use.
You cannot add items to your baby registry on the iPad version of this app. It works on the iPhone app just fine.
Avoid. This version loads very slowly on my recent-generation iPad and iPhone. Shopping from a web browser on the same devise is a much better and faster experience.
First, why can't I buy the books I want via your app. That makes no freaking sense. Just like I can't buy audiobooks through the Audible app. Great job!  This is by far the worst shopping app out there. I can't see previous price points on items with price drops. This app crashes from time to time. You can't exit out of one list and go to another without shutting the app down completely.  Amazon, if you want me to use your app, make it user-friendly. Don't just ignore the negative reviews because you're Amazon. This app is a complete waste of space.  I check my lists everyday for items for price drops I may want to buy. Take this to heart, your app doesn't make this user-friendly. In IOS I set up my lists via Safari so I can just open directly to the set perimeters. Then you screwed that up too (in ALL browsers) and desktop too. Fix your crap. 
For some reason the idiots “updated the app to look like the web page but without the functionality! Previous version could access the deals or orders directly from a bottom banner—-no more. But the real killer is that they added a glitch that inactivates the option buttons when you want to select a size, Coker or other option. So you have to open the web page to order. 
Considering its an app from one of the biggest companies, it’s pathetic.  Only button works 100% without fail is ‘buy’. The rest, only works when it feels like it.
Some odd reason won’t allow me to cancel an order the same day I purchased an item, can’t search items within the price range anymore. And also the product will display a price and then suddenly changes when you clock on the item to view it or when selecting other options from other sellers. Needs a lot of improvement for an app that’s been around for some time. Until my review stays at two stars, when changes are up to date- I’ll hopefully give a positive review.
The latest update’s call me now button doesn’t work. Every time I click it, it just keeps looping back to the selection of questions as to why I am calling. Very irritating!
Everything loads extremely slow or sometimes not at all with this app. If I’m connected to my VPN it will not work at all which I find strange when all my other apps work just fine.
The new App layout is utterly abysmal on iPad, with inconsistent font sizes (often too small), sloooow scrolling, and size/color pull downs that don't work AT ALL. Whiskey Tango, Amazon?! I thought you wanted to sell stuff, but you're actively keeping me from buying with this terrible app. Stop making my stock devalue!
The last changes in this app are making me so frustrated when trying to search for any item. Sometimes the filter button disappears and I’m not available to find what I’m looking for. Frustrated and disappointed 😠😒😒😒😩😩
The latest update is TERRIBLE. Lost the menu at the bottom which I used all the time and no way to add it back. App freezes constantly and have to close out and reopen. Who thought this was a good idea?
The latest app update for iOS is pretty bad.  It feels like mis understood mobile web experience.  Amazon is amazing .. but your apps are not good.  Prime video is pretty good but the ecommerce app for iOS seems to have suddenly been handed off to a naive dev team that thinks a mobile web experience is ok.  This goes to iOS App Store as well.  This comes from a $200 plus monthly spender on Amazon. Dwayne Crocker 
I liked this app before the last update.  Now it is awful.  I cannot see reviews, prices, or much of anything when I am shopping for merchandise. Also, when I try to buy Kindle books from a Apple device it tells me I cannot make purchases.  😮
The new format is okay with one exception...NO MORE BROWSING HISTORY!!! I’m a 60 year old person that more and more often need to be reminded of the things that inspire me. With no option to look at my long time history, I find that my purchasing intentions are severely blocked. BRING BACK THE HISTORY OPTIONS!!!
The latest update has made it so that I can’t select the pull down menu for size, color etc on some items! Some items are shown the way they used to be and I can access these pull down tabs. But.......some items are displayed in a different way and I cannot use the pull down tabs for size, color etc. Please fix this! I am unable to buy an item I want because of this problem!!!!!!
Can no longer sort my wishlist by price drops. Please bring it back!!! Also when you add an item to a wish list, there's a little box that pops up. Even if you close the pop up box, it stays open everytime you add something to your wishlist. 
With the latest update the app is more like an iPhone app than an iPad app. It's less usable, more things are hidden. The old layout was MUCH easier to use and navigate.
I love the app aside from the fact that it doesn’t allow you to buy or add Digital Items of any kind to your wish lists. True Support for All Digital Items for mobile device users would be really nice.
In the last update, I noticed it was completely different and come to see it was the iPhone version.  And it didn't work too well on the iPad - Drop downs no longer work at all, so you're stuck with whatever the initial choice is.  I fixed it by deleting the app and re-installing it.  And sure enough I got the iPad version of the app back.  Whew!  Close one. 
Amazon is really good but why it doesn't send things to the iran,it send things to everywhere except iran,that's the only bad point.😭
The ap is great except for the fact I can’t leave feedback on some items. There is no option.
No option to leave seller feedback in app. Cannot do in mobile either. MUST BE ON DESKTOP? FIX FIX FIX!!!
The reviews option tab (Top / most recent) does not work.  It’s not letting me change to most recent. And I already tried closing & reopening the app. Please fix.
Everyone needs to see their order status in two places.....right?
First time using the "New and Improved" version... but why blue green???  You should offer color theme option in settings!!
Some products have a video and when the new update those videos no longer play on the iPad. I thought it was just me so I restarted my iPad. Today I was looked at a totally different product and the same thing happens; when I click the video the screen goes all white and it takes me back to the home page. It’s frustrating
I make a lot of purchases from Amazon... The latest update totally clutters the screen with distracting pictures of items they are trying to sell you.  Some of the shopping filters are missing.  It’s more like a high pressured shopping advertisement than a useful tool to make Amazon purchases!
I do a ton of shopping using my iPad mini 4 via the Amazon shopping app.  The newest version basically makes it impossible for me to continue to do so.  I am not able to choose colors, sizes or number of items.  I can no longer expand the photos of items in order to read the details.  I cannot add items to my wish lists.   Who tested this app before going live with it? That QA dept should be replaced
Ok- not sure what I was looking at this morning. The app was all in blue and difficult to navigate. Now I just went on my app and it’s back to normal. I don’t get it but I hate the version that’s all in blue.  From this morning (blue app): Can’t navigate as easily in previous version. Took me 10 minuets to figure out how to sign out. Really hate how the app is set up. Liked previous version much better. 
Look like the shopping list at the bottom disappears after the update.  I can’t find the setting to enable it.    It is very convenience to have that list there so I can drag shopping item there for quick review and comparing at a later time.   Please put it back or provide an option to enable it.  Thanks 
One of my biggest complaints with Amazon is the pop up ads in my browser telling me I can get “x” amount of reward dollars by answering these few questions! Then you have to end your search and start a new one only to have it happen again and again and again...! I deleted the app and refused to use Amazon altogether, but have decided to reload the app and see what happens. Amazon 2.0
I have always used and enjoyed the Amazon app and spend thousands of $$$ each day year...until now! Thanks to the horrible “enhancements” in this latest update, I can no longer select product options from drop down lists (like color, size, etc) nor can I zoom in on most product photos like I could just last week. All from my iPad, just as I had always done before - but now you’ve rendered the app useless to me. What the heck, Amazon?!?!
Major problem: Cannot use pull down menus on any item pages.   Also seems like a big waste of space horizontally which also means I have to do much scrolling for info. 
Nothing will ever load within the app. I click my orders and it always fails. When I search within the app nothing never loads
This app is my number 2 shopping app I use for all time but just need to add more things in there, not much option lol. Maybe a little more about Asian stuff? Since me and all of my friends r recommended by me using the app! I love how it’s primed, but NEED MORE products and things are little pricy. Thx
The previous app version was clean and streamlined. The efficiency of it made shopping with the app easier without navigating to a drop-down menu. Please reconsider previous version.
I do not like the new interface without the shortcut icons on the bottom. Also, Why are customer images NOT viewable in the app? 
UPDATE: The new update is much better, as long as I’m not purchasing something that has pull down menu options (size/color etc), because it won’t open the menu. So my options are to either buy whichever color is preselected, as far as clothing or items that have nothing preselected I have to go to the website to make my purchase. I love that customer review images are showing on my iPad now, this is great so I no longer have to use my iPhone to see those. Keep up the improvements and bug fixes. 👍  The newest update has fixed the ability to select options and pull down menus. It is still having issues scrolling through pictures of items, it will show the first image, and then when I scroll sideways to look at other images of the product it just shows a loading symbol and doesn’t load any more images. Otherwise it is working much better. I am really missing the customer review images on the iPad app though. I hate shopping on my iPad, and then having to pull out my iPhone to be able to see the full reviews with any customer uploaded pictures.   Original review: This app has become unusable since the last update. I can’t select options in the pull down menus, it’s extremely slow and doesn’t load properly, I have to use the regular website to order and view items. 
Thank you, thank you, thank you for FINALLY adding a back button that consistently works and goes all the way back through my searches. This was the one thing I needed to make this app close to perfect. Yay!
App works as advertised. Great for looking up for and buying everything you can from the website. My biggest gripe is that the shopping cart gets emptied out between the web and my iPad/iPhone. It’s really annoying to have a list of things in the cart in one place, see the number of items in the cart icon (on my iPad), the see it go to zero when I open the cart on my iPhone. Weird bug - please fix!
Hard to navigate. No consistency on product page layouts. Inconsistent font sizes. No more easy access menus. Can’t find where to clear browsing history. Overall nothing more than anon stop ad pushing anything but what your trying to find!
What happened to the bottoms on the bottom?  It was so easy to check the status of orders - just press the “your orders” button on the lower right.  Now you need to go through the menu.
The new layout for the iPad is terrible. I stopped using the app on the iPhone because of the way it’s laid out now it looks like I’ll delete the iPad one as well. What happened to my viewing history? I rather have the buttons on the bottom than have to go through multiple menus. If I search my purchases if I want to do another search I have to completely close out the app, reopen it and try again. If I attempt to see top selling products from a seller it encounters an error and tells me to try again later. A whole area is dedicated to Amazon restaurants and you don’t even have one in my state. Pics and videos are no longer available in any review area. If you attempt to view a video from the manufacturer the app crashes. The blue bar at the top wastes a lot of space (probably could have but my viewing history option in the white space) is just annoying and is an abhorrent color. If you hit the wrong button you have no way of going back, you have to go through the entire process to get back to where you were (another reason for a viewing history button). The photos in the apps description are not accurate representations of this app. Roll it back and try again.
There is a keyboard bug on my iPhone X. When you contact to customer service via Chat online. The keyboard will only show up one time, if you minimize that, then you are not able to open the keyboard again. You need to close the whole app and restart it.
Sort by price when there are 10,000 products, is not an option. Filter by price needs to exist. It is a really easy and simple feature. I will change my rating once I can do this on every search.   Full screen cart for iPad. I don't need little windows to open up and stuff to be super fancy. Sometimes I am trying to compare the cart to wishlist items like I can on a full screen cart, but not in the iPad app.   Allow me to download all of my wishlist and save for later history. There is a reason it was in there and now I have to fire up a computer to buy something. 
Why try to fix something that’s not broke? This new app is terrible. It’s much harder to navigate. With the previous one everything that you needed to navigate was at the bottom of the page. Now you have to tap here then tap there and tap tap tap! Come on Amazon. What kind of knot heads do you have working there? Do you even consider your customers or do you just want to have something for your techies to screw up....again.
The old app had a menu at the bottom of page. The new one uses the three horizontal bars for the menu symbol which some casual users may not know.  The FLAW in the new app occurs when viewing watches.  If you click on the picture of the watch to see a rotating view of the watch that is what was seen with the old app.  When clicking on same with the new app it takes you back to the main menu and you have to start all over. 
I can’t access the wishlist tray anymore. It’s just gone.  Is it disabled now? Or gone? 
1. Last update removed the browser history, along with the ability to remove items from the history.  Sometimes I look at an item, but do not want it, or associated items, from showing up on my home page.  Why do developers change things without actually thinking about what the customers might want?  2. Whoever thought up that pop up in the cart needs to be reminded that things like this pop up annoy customers.  I save items in my cart so I can either find them later, or wait for a price drop.  I don't want that pop up jumping in every few items as I scroll through my cart.  Don't care what others are buying, it's MY cart.  Let alone, actually seeing something in that pop up that you might be interested in, only to have it disappear so quickly that you can't click on the item.  AND, it shows items to the right, but it doesn't scroll sideways! 
Release 11.02.0 is the definition of insanity. They removed ALL of the menu buttons. The entire splash screen is tiny product photos with no descriptions or prices. You have to dig deep into a hidden menu to find your previous and open orders. The browsing history view is gone, replaced by a dedication option to buy a Prime membership which takes you to a useless page that says Prime memberships are “out of stock and they don’t know if they will ever be in stock again”. Huh?  What are they thinking?!?
Removed bottom bar, which was so convenient. Now you have to click on the left upper corner.  Now you cannot go to the full description of an ittem on the lightning deal categories. You have to place it on the cart and then go the to look at the details..... and I could go on.... etc. These latest upgrade really took away a lot of the great conveniences. I hope the developer listens to feedback. 
No price sort  Hard to hind things Expensive overpriced Small verity. 
The little red number on apps icon is not go away!!  There are no notifications or messages etc but the red number one won’t disappear!
The navigation can be confusing.  Trying to access Baby Registry but couldn’t view items as nothing shows up when selected.  I think app is a bit buggy.
I have tried to purchase a kindle version of textbook into my ipad, but the app doesn’t have “purchase” button. I have to use web version to purchase it and download it into my ipad. It should be updated as the mobile version at least.  The app is way outdated and unfunctional as it’s supposed to be.  I will delete it, anyway!
New format is a step in the wrong direction
Since the latest update on my tablet, I can’t choose any options on the lightening deals. Won’t let me choose size, or color, or ??? Can’t shop like that.
I surprised for this update for iPad it’s so bad I can’t see my results because the line of filters on the results I hope really fixed or back to old version
Please put the app back the way it was; this is awful!
The bar along bottom is gone to click on my orders or deals, now have to click menu at side and click again. I removed Amazon app from iPhone because that annoys me, now thinking might not use it on iPad. Will diffidently slow my buying with the current look. The bottom place to click once and go was very helpful
It looks like a stretched-out version of the iPhone layout. Pictures are now tiny which makes things harder to see. Reminds me of the Jet.com app layout - bare and tons of white space. Ebert and Roper give it two thumbs way down.  Edit/update: I’m now getting screens that appear to be nothing more than a frame around the browser version of the Amazon web page. This is amateur hour. 
It’s missing or I’m guessing you all took away the browser history selection on your newest update on the iPad
The menu drop down that used to be on the top right near the shopping cart is no longer there.  With that it was so easy to see your orders, browsing history, etc.  why did you do away with it?  Bring it back.  Thank you
The keyboard refuses to work in the app. Wow. Do these apps get tested at all?
Each iteration of the iPad Amazon app is increasingly less user-friendly than the proceeding version. Time to hire a professional dev company to take over for you. Your in-house dev staff are most likely being bribed by competitors.
We can no longer logout of the app? Why?? If you want to stay logged in, fine, but why did you remove the ability to logout?!? I have 2 accounts, for different purposes. Please restore the ability to logout. If it's still there, I can't find it
Unable to find my kids amazon list as it says i need to update the app, which it is up to date. Quite annoying when you are shopping for gifts.
Everytime I scroll through my cart, when it loads more times it will duplicate what's in my cart, so I'll see 3-5 of the same item. Frustrating as can be.
Guessing this is from the most recent update but if I go to open my wish list it tells me it's not available in this version and wants me to update and gives me a link to do so but only option in the App Store is to open the app. I uninstalled the app and reloaded it and still have the same issue. Please fix as I use my lists very often!!!
Before this newest update the app was fine. Nothing was wrong. They updated it now and decided to inconvenience the entire user population by putting "swipe to go back" gesture as opening the drawer. Now there's no way to go back to where you previously were. This is stupid. Who ever's dumb idea that was needs to be fired.   You literally have to re-search the entire category again in order to get to the item selection screen. Once you tap on it, you can't go back because they replaced iOS 11's "swipe to go back" gesture with their own stupid "open drawer" command. So now you're eternally stuck looking at one item until you search again. Stupid. Uninstalling until they fix this!! 
Love the app. But the top menu bar freezes a lot. Can’t view my shopping cart, can’t search, can view my orders. They need to fix it.
I had issues with the app for a long while despite it’s up to date. Issues such as it keeps saying “loading...” when viewing account or scanning gift cards. After I deleted it and reinstalled it, it works again. I also noticed the navigation interface had changed also. So be aware that App Update doesn’t always work. You will have to manually delete the app and reinstall it. 1 star less for this glitch.
What is the deal with the “saved for later” list? It shows 2 or 3 of each item and will not load all items. This should’ve been fixed in the previous updates. The list is unusable.
Is there an option for enabling the list tray?
The wish list tray things is very annoying. Please give us the option to disable it.
Why isn't there a way to have a search filter applied ALWAYS?
Why is this so much worse on the iPad. It’s unresponsive. Features do not work such as “share”. Just in general poorly executed.
This app is terrible I ordered a package they was supposed to come on the 22 and it was a week late. Horrible app, and it’s also very slow
Overall good functionality but there are some things that could be improved: - Menu bar takes up a lot of valuable space having the search bar and other buttons on two levels - Item pages seems cluttered when scrolling through - Reviews are have a surprisingly low visibility from the Item page (small stars/link at the top, further reviews way down at the bottom) - List Tray never truly goes away 
When trying to sort the Top Reviews or Recent Reviews with the pull down menu. There is supposed to be a pop up however, it never pops up. The screen just grays, but no pop up. Touching again brightens the screen to normal but there is no pop up to change between Top Reviews to Recent Reviews.
Great app, would love to minimize the wishlist tray.
Other than the tray at the bottom constantly popping up & I have to choose hide, I love this app. It has been extremely convenient for me.
This app used to work flawlessly, but I’m not sure what’s changed recently. Most of the screen seems unresponsive at times (especially the back button). The app shows the ability to sort the reviews, but you can’t actually see the option on the screen to a choose it. If you choose to see only “verified purchases” the images are off screen. C’mon Amazon. Get it together. You’re a big company. How do you not have someone actually testing this app for functionality?
This app works fine when searching at home, but it will not work inside the Lowes store. App returns "internal error".  My iPhone is set to allow this app to use cellular data.  Otherwise the app works well. 
I get email specials from Amazon telling me a $50 item is on sale for 19.99.  They tell me it’s 70% off regular price but that regular price they quote is a lie.  Look around. You won’t find the MLMSY travel makeup bag anywhere for $50.  It’s always around $20.  So why does Amazon inflate a price to tell me they are discounting it ?  Very misleading.  Class-action lawsuit type activity.  Price fixing and mis-representing prices so you think your getting a deal
Amazon is great but the app is terrible. Freezes frequently and just plain quits working on a regular basis. I’ll be looking at an item and the app’s back button won’t work so I have to go to the home page and start my search over. Last night was trying to submit a return and it got stuck scrolling down the page. Just annoying glitches considering I regularly update the app, often times have to delete it and re-download it.
Used to love it for scanning books but now the scanner has expanded to include products and the scan search gives tons of irrelevant products. If I scan a book, I am looking for that book. Not all books have a barcode so the barcode scanning doesn’t help. Wish I could go back to the prior version.
Wanted to update my wish list and got the message that I needed to update my app. I’m running the newest app on my IPad.  Have never had a problem before. Wouldn’t let me update the amount of an item I had on a wish list. Fix this please.
Love this app. Would like to scan bar codes to find items to trade in, however in the “Search for items to trade-in” section, the bar code scanner doesn’t work. I can get the bar code scanner to work from the camera icon on the main screen, but am unable to determine from this screen whether the item is eligible for trade-in. Would use the trade-in account regularly if I could scan items!
( jan 19 2018 ) - initial review: I will immediately update this review to a five star review , once items below are fixed, or at least responded to (or addressed) :  1a- (most important) - We need to be able to search reviews on the app. Only having this functionality in the web version is a palling after this after the app has been out this long (and with this if you updates in terms of frequency)  1b- (2nd most important) -  ADD LANDSCAPE MODE/ orientation!!!  1c- (3rd most important) -  overall (web+app) WHEN YOU CHNAGE OPTIONS FOR AN ITEM, ONLY AHOW REVIEWS FOR THAT SPECIFIC ITEM!  Example; let’s say a pair of pliers have two options you can choose, 8 inch for $10, or 14 inch for $21-depending on which option you choose only show reviews relevant to that option chosen. Many items will have lots of options which totally change the product, but when you click to read the reviews, (which are all which apply to all options) the reviews won’t even make sense or everyone is trying to give two stars to the 14 inch pliers but five stars to the 8 inch pliers and it’s impossible to tell which reviews apply to which option. (also sellers use this bug to boost up their review count or even worse, slip in a trash item/“options” of an item that already has high reviews , thus it looks like the high reviews apply to that trash item/option as well..)  1- Amazon needs to add a app “Feedback/suggestions” option, like 90% of other apps/services have built-in.  This way amazons “valued” users can provide constructive feedback based on real world experience/usage. This will also allow the developers to gather system logs or screenshots if users cheese just submit those in their feedback. This of course is if Amazon even cares about making this app better or listening to its customers. I’m not sure if they do or don’t.  However it’s pretty indicative of their position that app feedback has never been in the app, ever.  2- Needs to have better “share this item” icons/functionality/visibility in the app. Currently it’s a tiny little icon midway through a product page, and it’s very hard to spot and it’s functionality is poor once you tap it.  3-  there needs to be an alert me button/field where you can receive an email alert once an out of stock or unavailable item , again becomes available. This should apply to any and all items that are un-available or out of stock,. On the web version of Amazon.com *some* (few) unavailable items will give you this option, every unavailable or out of stock item should give you this option, and it must be also on the app (as of now it is totally missing from the Amazon app).  4- contact support; there needs to be the option to send a message/email/ticket to Amazon customer support in regards to an item, the only options currently our chat or receive a call back. Both of these options occupy much more time then a user may want to dedicate to resolving an issue, as opposed to being able to send an email/message/ticket to support which may take one to three minutes and you are done.  5- I like the recently added wish list at the bottom of app, that you can drag items to, however there needs to be A way you can lock that wish list so that it never changes (i.e. the list at the bottom of the app never changes unles you specifically unlock it or manually change it yourself). Often times the wish list at the bottom of the app will change or switch to another wish list I have and it takes me a while to find the wish list I was using previously as I have many (very frustrating).   (Or another option/solution, would be an iOS/app specific wish list that appears on the web also, but that you can lock as always being the wish list at the bottom of the app)  6- any and all functions or options that are available in the full blown web version of Amazon.com, on a desktop PC, should be available in the app in some form or another.  While there are several examples, one example is the lack of the ability to modify your address book within the app. ****  It is important that we app users demand more from apps and their developers, and STOP blindly throwing out five star reviews!  (except for truly exemplary apps, or when there is active weekly or monthly updates/development on the app). Users need to demand more from apps, and stop defaulting to a 5 or 4 star reviews.  These are large companies with dedicated development teams behind their app, they must learn to respect / respond to user feedback and update their app in a timely and consistent matter, based on user feedback.  We the users are the *sole* reason these companies and apps are so valuable ($), and this the developers/team should treat us accordingly and fair.  Again, I will * immediately * update this review to a five star one once these issues are fixed/addressed/reply to (I check and read app updates/change logs multiple times a week).  I will also timestamp any new review updates, and will never delete or modify prior review updates.   Thanks! 
Why can I not disable the app from creating dash buttons?  Amazon said it’s a benefit for Prime members. BS it is freaking punishment. I don’t need a dumb button taking up screen UI to help me remember anything. Idiots.
I want to Eliminate/disable 3rd party purchases! They never come in correctly, they are always broken or improperly packaged! To make it worse they never take anything back or they take forever to process a return! Please give me the option to get rid of 3rd party purchases! Also! Pictures illuminating fabric cut and style would be great!
The user interface for iPad is clunky and thoughtless with regard to where the search bar should be (centered, duh) and shares very little in common with the iPhone version of the app currently available. Please consolidate menu items in the left side of the screen in a menu similar to the iPhone app. Please incorporate gestures to open that menu (iPad is not just a poke and press device). Please use similar colors in the iPad app as the iPhone app. Update the logo colors in the heading. Properly space ui elements so they are easier to read. THEY SHOULD NOT BE SCRAMBLED TOGETHER IN THE CORNER. Change the mic logo to the Amazon Alexa button so people actually know what that does instead of thinking it’s dictation. Expand the top bar to reflect current iOS changes (think your own iPhone app, but bigger). Align add to cart buttons in the deals page. App needs an overhaul. Please fix the ui to reflect this fantastic service’s quality. Also perhaps consider removing the percentage or at least keep it consistent and editing the time to be the same to look more like a multi-billion dollar company’s app instead of worse than many indie developer apps. Status bar should be consistent.
Wishlist keeps crashing the app. When it doesn't crash it tells me I need to update the app to continue using my wish list even though the app is up-to-date. I love Amazon but this app is terrible.
Whenever I change the sorting to priority(high to low) and I change the number or priority of something on my wishlist and save it, it goes back to the default sorting. I wish it would stay in the priority (high to low) setting.
I use this all the time on an iPad and iPhone because I have Prime. Problems I’ve noticed on the iPhone & iPad are while reading reviews you will keep reading repeat reviews because it loops back & you’ll question your sanity as well as waste your time. Another, on the iPad app you can’t see customer photos which makes reviews less helpful, but you can see them on the iPhone, so I have to open up my iPhone if I really want to see customer photos. It’s been a long time and I’ve updated these apps any times, but never an improvement to those issues. I would love this app if you could fix those bugs. I also don’t care for the item drop wishlist, I find it more annoying that I have to click it away after accidentally pressing something for too long.
When I add items to cart quantity doesn’t show on top right hand corner. I’m also not able to turn off history.
Literally can’t save anything or drag anything to my wishlist. This app has been like this for at least the most of 2017!!! Was hoping it be fixed after how constantly like every week there’s always an update and it’s Amazon IMO data eater!!!
I am not receiving shipping delivery alerts. The setting notification is turned on but no message is sent.  This requires to consistently looking up manually the order status from the App.  Please enable the notification.
The shopping could be much more user friendly. The email is atrocious. I can’t even delete an email and there is no real way to sort decently. The search’s throw in random items and even general searches are way off base much of time. Unless you know exactly what is the name of the product. The filters are oddly specific and yet completely unhelpful. Categories need work.   That being said- I can find many things here and it helps reduce my shopping time. Instead of ten stores, I go to one. My products are reliably delivered for free, my car syncs to their music channel, their video has a decent selection and Alexa comes in very handy. So... pretty good overall. 
And I am the type that likes my notifications but I have checked through everything and cannot find any reason why the badge icon is still on there and it is annoying me   Update finally got the badge icon to go away so now give it 5 stars 
I come to amazon for 2 things:  1. Fast shipping 2. Customer reviews  It really irritates me that I can't seem to view any customer/reviewer images from the app. I rely on this for certain items because we all know that often enough the actual product looks a bit different from the stock photos. This helps me, as a consumer, to make the best decision and would likely result in fewer returns in general for all buyers if we can see the actual product. This appears to only be an issue with the iPad app as I can view pictures on my iPhone.  Another thing that really bothers me is not being able to search/filter reviews to certain words I want to search for. I like being able to search reviews to see if anyone has left a comparison to another product that I'm familiar with. I can't do this on either the iPad or iPhone version. I'm only able to search the website. 
If you have an item in your shopping cart and the price changes, the text does not wrap in the iPhone anymore. It used to. Now I have to scroll horizontally to read the whole message. It’s extremely annoying.
Can’t believe it’s been down for this long... can’t really even remember the last time it worked. Keeps you from having easy access to shipment info as well.
This app used to work so seamlessly. Now it is full of bugs on my iPhone 8 plus. For example, there is no longer any way to access the orders menu—I simply get an error message instead. Then, when I try to contact customer service from the drop-down menu, it is inaccessible...can’t seem to scroll down to select that or the settings page.   Do they test this app on plus devices? I’ve updated the app twice recently and it hasn’t fixed the problem (it has, in fact, gotten worse). Amazon is an awesome company, but they seriously need to find new people to maintain their iPhone app. 
I have to go to my iPhone or computer see the pictures in the reviews if I’m on my iPad.
You can’t change quantity of items there is no combo box for quantity oh have to delete item and re-add to cart be because there is no control of quantity box anymore
Put an option to disable it because it is aggravating that it pops up EVERYTIME I save something to my wish list. It's ANNOYING!!
I often find myself struggling to find the Amazon warehouse deals section on the mobile app especially when I can’t navigate to a certain section mainly automotive. Please add a way to either filter to it or similar functionality to access available in full site.
The app is great on iPad, with the exception of not being able to access your account information and gift card balances. This can be done on my phone app, but why it isn’t available on the iPad version just baffles me.
UPDATE 1/15/17: Raised from 1 Star to 4 Stars. ONE DAY after I submitted my complaint to Amazon app feedback about the top navigation tools, they published an update. The app seems to work fine now. My spouse and I use the app DAILY so having all the tool working was a big deal for us.   ORIGINAL REVIEW: What happened?!  The newest version 11.01.0 has messed up the navigation icons at the top of the screen. When going to view Lists the text icon/link to view all your lists is now unresponsive. I found another, similar top of page link; although I can’t remember which one, that was.  Otherwise, the app works well for me. 
My wish list tray on the bottom of the screen is gone. why?
Images and text are constantly getting misaligned and the app freezes a ton.
When I search on my iPad, none of the reviews have pictures and it will scroll in a continuous loop  between the first page of reviews even if I click to see more. This does not happen when I look on my android app, so I usually end up searching there if I am looking for something that I want to see pictures of. That is a pain because it is smaller.  I actually do like the wish list but I find it difficult to switch between lists. 
UPDATE: fixed on 1/14.  OLD posted 1/13: Can’t type in the search bar, way to go Amazon! 
This app has too many so called features. This makes the app unwieldy, harder to navigate, and confusing.  My suggestion is to cleanup the reading interface by moving choices to one page accessible through the home screen. This would make READING the simple action it should be; select a book, open the book, read the page, turn to another page. 
Putting that annoying wish list bar and stealing my screen real estate is dispicable. It also breaks some top menu stuff and video play on products.  It basically locks the app at times.  And your latest \"update\" shows how clueless you are. Fix the top menu freeze caused by the wishlist space stealer or remove the space stealer?    I don\'t want it there but I can\'t turn it off? You say you want to be cutting edge customer focus? Get rid of that stupid wish list. Wish list is for others to look at, not me, and not constantly.   If I delete everything on my wish list does it go away? Going to try that next time I swallow my bile enough to open this app. This annoying app that now I have to restart again and again because the wish list bar locks it up.  Did you ever stop to consider that we hide menus under the hamburger menu for a reason? Because most of the time we don\'t interface with the wishlist or the blah or the blah. It helps reduce cognitive load. This is not good user interface or user experience.   You need to seriously question the motives and intelligence of the person who championed this \"feature\" and foisted it upon us.    You should also remove that bottom bar. 
Recent feature: whenever is scroll down in my Shopping Cart into my Saved Items and App has to load more data, it Doubles up every item in my cart. (Just a display issue because doesn't show them doubled up on laptop.)   And then when I scroll down more to load more items it Triples every item in my cart.  Due to this I'm not seeing any more items just more of the same.    Wish I could add a screenshot to this review. 
Good except when I try to scroll through my saved later it just shows me the first five items over and over. It loads like it will show the rest of the list but just shows me the same things. Sometimes it’ll show me three or four of the same thing in the list when there is only one of that item. It’s very inconvenient because I can’t find the things I’ve saved for later to buy them.
iPhone app is fine, but on iPad this is a dumpster fire
This app was easy enough to use before the latest update but now the "see all lists" button doesn't work and I can't see all my wish lists. If you're at all like me you use your wish lists as a way to keep track of a lot of things. Not being able to view or manage wish lists is unacceptable.  EDIT- 01/14/18  It was fixed in an update. 
I use this app almost every day and recently once I click on an item I can not click on the back arrow in the top left on my iPhone X to get back to the main list or even hit the search button.  The only solution is to close the app and start all over.  What happened, Amazon.????? 5 star without a doubt otherwise but there is no update to resolve this frustrating situation.
*** Quickly fixed and much appreciated since I buy just about everything on Amazon. But I’d still like to know why on the iPad you can’t see pictures that people post. You have to use your phone or go thru the web to see them...   Newest update disabled being able to search. I can only use the web so it completely takes away the point of having an app. This is seriously the most frustrating thing ever!!!!! 😡😡😡   Also, with an iPad whyyyyyy can’t we see user pictures that they’ve posted? Can you fix that as well??? 
Even after the most recent update the tool bar doesn’t work. This is on a 5s and 6s iphone
This latest update ruined my app!   The back and cart buttons have become randomly unresponsive.  I’m having to click on one of my list items at the bottom of the screen and then click back in through the cart.  Please fix this.  It’s really annoying!  Update:  I only had to deal with this for one day as this morning’s update made the app great again!   Thanks!!! 
One version of the app was not responsive to my touches for certain tools. The update was fast to solve this problem. Good solid app. Thanks
Only complaint now is the list tray... with limited real estate on the screen this idea seems better suited for desktop or tablet versions of the app. I know there is an option to hide it but it always seems to come back.
Sure could use the millions of dollars this company just rewarded individuals that are knowingly break our laws. Bye Amazon
My 2nd gen 12.9 in iPad Pro does not work with this buggy garbage. You can't scroll size lists for products. No access to the same menu functions as the phone app. Horrible experience.
Didn’t fix it. Made it worse, in fact. The buttons up top can become pretty well unusable should you try to click on further details on an item.
I regularly use the Amazon app as there are so many good features and I love the design. However, I’ve noticed both on my phone and my wife’s phone the top region of the app can become unresponsive. Repeatedly tapping doesn’t solve the issue. For instance, if I click on the query field to search for a product, it sometimes works, and sometimes doesn’t. The same rule applies for other buttons and fields in that upper region of the app layout. Closing and reopening the app temporarily solves the issue, but often only for a moment before it loses critical functionality again. I know Amazon only hires the best so I would love to see a fix.
Stop adding useless “features” that break functionality of the app. Do you test your app at all? Can’t even search for things cause you broke it. Serious amateur hour development.
It appears with the latest update that the app is freezing terribly. This wasnt happening before... now its almost impossible to shop!
Current version messes everything up, now I can’t click the back icon or any of the top buttons! If I click to view any item and I want to go back to keep looking for more I would’ve to clock the app and reopen it and do everything all over again! This is trash now!  Everything was perfect till the last update!
Top of the navigation bar doesn’t work now on 6S. Can’t select <-, home,  search...
Amazon your review system is one of the main reasons I use your services! Now every time I look for an item I have some stupid Chinese POS with a high number of 5 star reviews by reviewers who only leave 5 star reviews and often they do it all on the same exact day. Amazon, if you don’t clean your review system it will be a terrible thing for you as a company!
After the last update, I’m not able to click back or use the search - it’s like the top of my screen is disabled after I conduct one search.
Return screen freezes if you do more than one item at a time.
I frequently find the search bar non-responsive to text entries as of a few days ago.  I have to restart the app every 2 minutes and it is infuriating.
I’ve been having a problem ever since I updated where the search bar and the rest of the options on the top of the app do not respond to touch. This is making the app almost unusable. Please fix soon! I’m needing my Amazon fix.
Why can’t we organize product review categories by Recent/Top anymore?  The screen pauses after tapping Top Reviews and never allows us to select Recent Reviews. Lastly, the inability to completely remove the wishlist tray plastered on the bottom of the app is without a doubt ATROCIOUSLY AGGRAVATING!
The app for the iPad needs the same level of quality updates the phone version does. The interface is outdated and has less functionality than the web version. If it’s possible to fit that information on the web version, then it’s possible to make an iPad friendly version that has the modern look of the iPhone app.
I wish there was a dark theme likely they have in the audible app so I could have my screen brightness on high to see the products clearly and not be blinded by all of the white in the background.
I’m not sure when these issues started happening. I’ve always enjoyed using the app to shop and research products on the go. Lately though, I can’t stay logged in, I can’t make purchases, and the stupid tray pops up every time I add something to a wish list. For the love of god, stop trying to add so much!! Every time there’s an “update” I think the issues will be resolved, but instead there’s another new feature. Annoying!!!!
Imposible to navigate with latest version, would not go back, would not return to home page, etc. Total disaster. Never had problems with it, with this update the app is useless. 
The app has become almost impossible to use. Tapping on the search, list, Ect yields nothing. Have to close out of the app and re-enter several times. Has been like this for almost two weeks. FIX IT!
I’m not able to search the site at all with the latest update. This makes it really hard to shop what I’m looking for.
I don’t know what changed recently, but I can’t start a search anymore. The search bar doesn’t seem to allow me to select it or search it. I don’t know any other way to start to find anything on amazon.
This app has work fine for many years and now all of the sudden once you select an item to read and review the back button no longer works! Please fix this!
Since newest update, the search engine will stop working and menu navigation quits working. Constantly closing and reopening.
Since this last update, the menu at top freezes. Need to close & reopen frequently. Please fix.
Have to close and reopen each time to make a feature work. Every time I do anything. Like search or use barcode scanner, filter results etc. fix Amazon. You are a multi billion dollar company and this is deplorable.
This is usually a great app, but the back arrow is not working. It will not allow me to return to the screen with all of my search results. I hope this can be remedied soon.
For some reason, once I view an item, I can’t use the top navigation at all. I click on each icon and nothing happens. Can’t even get back to my search list. Not sure if it’s an iPhone OS issue or an Amazon app issue. Worked before. :/
I love the app... usually. But I love amazon all day everyday.   HOWEVER. When the app got its new update, the back arrow button in the top left corner of my iPhone quit working. The amazon home button also does not work. I have to completely get out of the app and close it from my recent apps for it to work. Even then... it only works a few minutes.   It very ridiculous and needs to be fixed. 
The Only real complaint is why isn’t there a way sort the results by most reviewed
The top part of the app doesn’t work, the search bar and the back button are not working
I usually don’t do reviews as often as I should but I figured this was an issue. Through the previous phones I’ve had (iPhone, it’s just a preference), do a lot of online shopping due to connivence. I have never had an issue with this app until I switched to iPhone X. I understand it’s a new device but here is some of the critism I have with the app on this new device.   1. The app does crash, which requires me to go back in and start over. 2. I notice that the very top tabs and icons in the app will not function, yet you can scroll down and up and even interact with the bottom tabs and functions.  3. Occasionally freezes.    Other than that, on my previous devices I have not had an issue like this before so this is fairly new and I believe because of the switch to the phone. This app would get my full rating with those fixes. 
Need to restart the App multiple times because the the buttons become non responsive. For example the camera button stops working over time
1st did I miss a bunch of updates because the app jumped from 9.22 to 11.01??? What is up with that?  I can’t get anything in the header to recognize touch events.  It’s like you running service calls on your main thread or disabling touch interactions while waiting for asynchronous call backs. Please fix.
The navigation controls at the top of the app are dead in this version.  For instance, after I click to view a product, the back arrow at the top becomes dead so I would need to restart the app to navigate. (i have a 7plus). It’s not a hardware problem with my phone, since I am able to click at the top here to give this version of the app 1 star.  I’ll update my rating when you fix this, but the app is now unusable.
All the functions on the top row: back arrow, search, etc. will function once, then subsequently becomes non-functional.  Version: 11.01.0 running iOS 10.3.3.  Have to close app and restart.
None of the options are working I can’t search on here at all it’s impossible to get to certain screens because the app is not responding to where I push the screen.. I’ve reset the app and this has been a consistent problem the last 3 days. Only app on my phone doing this!
Good job. Don’t you have people to test and make sure you can at least use the search feature before rolling out an update?
As soon as I updated my Amazon app on IOS to 11.01.0 it locks up and becomes unresponsive as soon as you complete any task. You check your account.....unresponsive, search for something.....unresponsive. I “loved” the app and have used it for years without issue on this device.....please research and fix it.
Generally I love the app, but just wanted to point out that there’s some sort of glitch that disables the top buttons on the page (back, cart, etc.). It’s frustrating because if you go to read the extended item description, you can’t go back to the main page. You have to either close the app, or click something lower on the page (if possible - if you’re in the item description, closing the app is the only option). I’ve totally lost a few items I was interested in.   Generally the app is good, and I know the problem will be fixed soon. For now, though, it’s too annoying to shop. 
Update made app unusable. Freezes all the time in different screens.  Update: bugs are only when tray is open. Hiding it made all normal. 
I love this app but the latest version the back button doesn’t respond most of the time. Really hope this is fixed soon as it makes it cumbersome to use.
Can't figure out why that would be hard. Kind of makes the app a whole lot less useful.  Update: this app gets worse and worse. Not optimized for iPhone X. Can’t use top navigation. It’s just terrible 
I’ve been using Amazon app forever but ever since I updated the last update I can’t press anything on the app or back space or do any searching.  I have to force close it then go back in then keep force closing it every time! Please fix it
I constantly can not click on the top tool bar; this is extremely frustrating
Top bar icons (in green where the amazon logo displays) stops responding to touch intermittently. For example, sometimes you can click the “back arrow” or magnify glass for the “search” feature at the top of the screen and the app does not respond to the touch. If you close the app and reopen it, it works at first and then will stop responding to touch again.
No idea what happened with the new update, but I can not use the top of the app
Can’t not use back arrow or search....not happy
I’ve used this app for a long time but suddenly the buttons on the top (the Go back, search, and shopping cart buttons) only work sometimes. It’s really frustrating. I’m trying to buy stuff but it’s hindering my shopping experience.
None of the navigational tabs at the top of the app work. I can only move within the middle screen which means I cannot view my lists, search for items, move backwards or go to my cart. Why can I still not buy kindle books from the app?!
Since the update to app on 1/12/18 the search doesn’t work one you have done one search and the display list doesn’t work either. A list shows when I click on list.  But when I click on show all lists it does nothing.  Can’t access all the lists.  Extremely frustrating!  I am having to use my computer to use Amazon.
I shop Amazon daily - whether it’s for actual purchases or just shopping around for prices and reviews, making wishlists, etc. I almost exclusively use this app when browsing/buying from Amazon. Lately with each update, it is more and more glitchy. With the last update, the app didn’t respond to any of my touches - particularly the search bar. I couldn’t type anything.  I deleted and reinstalled, and it is only slightly better. I can shop a little before it stops responding. But hard closing and reopening over and over is beyond frustrating. For some reason the ipad app (on my somewhat ancient iPad mini 2 - works like a dream still - so what gives with the phone version of the app???)  Amazon, I have loved you and been one of your biggest fans for years - but lately the way the app works, the searches function, the VAST amount of 3rd party sellers (of very questionable quality and that mean fewer things ship Prime), and your customer service - I am disappointed in the direction you have headed. Please get back to the Amazon we all knew and loved - your progress should not make you a worse company. But... it seems to be doing exactly that.  I wholeheartedly agree with the reviewer who said: make an option to disable the wishlist tray permanently.  I use the wishlist feature but hate the tray taking up space on my phone - and having to always worry about weird things accidentally getting added to my wishlists because I held my hand too long in one spot of the screen while I was distracted with something else.  Make the app more customize-able for happier end users.  For reference, I am using a 128 gb iPhone 6+, updated to the most current iOS as of this morning. I have 2/3rds of the space free on my phone. 
This update is a nightmare!! Screen locks up, making it impossible to use!
Not sure what it is but when my VPN is on the app crawls to a halt. Loading pages and time out errors. Turn off the VPN and it goes back to normal. Makes the app virtually unusable for me
With this latest update, I can no longer type in the search bar. A shopping app is useless if I cannot search!
Nothing in the top menu bar works and many functions like “See all lists” (wishlists) in the main screen also don’t work.
Wish lists are un-clickable, so is the notification for items in the cart changing price. This is after the search field was just now restored to working after being disabled for about a day. These are basic functions.
The last update on 1/11 has slowed everything to a halt.  The search field is super slow to respond and most of the time you can’t even use or select the search box.  I hope someone knows about this ...
After the latest update, the icons in the top bar randomly stop responding to touch. So I can't search, view the menu, view my cart, etc. The app has been rendered virtually useless.   Would also be great to have a feature where I can get a web link in the app to share with a friend. Now I find things in the app but have to use the web app if I want to share a link. 
The app will work fine at first but the then both icon bars and all buttons will lock up. For some odd reason you can still scroll but once it locks up, you are forced to close and restart the app. I’d wait until the next update before you download it or make any purchases.
I can no longer click on the search or the cart button in the top ribbon of the app since the latest iOS update.  Now it’s impossible to shop in my phone and I’m sure it’s happening to others and hurting your business. I have an iPhone SE.
The search, cart, menu, and camera buttons all keep becoming unresponsive until I close and reopen app. Then become unresponsive again very quickly.
The new version of Amazon app is not working properly. When I click on the cart nothing happens. I have to close Amazon app and reopen it. It happens on other things you click as well as much as even the back button. I really like Amazon’s apps but this one needs a little tweaking.
I cannot access any of the buttons on the top of the app when I am viewing items and cannot back out of them.  Have to close the app to move forward with shopping
Since using this app for my baby registry, I’ve discovered tons of issues. I often can’t click on items in my registry (it doesn’t display sizes selected and I have to go to the item each time to remind myself what I’ve registered for) and have to minimize it, wait a few minutes, and try again. When I do manage to click on an item on my registry, the back button takes me back to all of my lists, not my registry. Recently I can’t even access my registry at all and have to go through Safari. I try to click on my lists but it’s like there is no link. Nothing happens.
The app works fine, but there are some features missing from the iPad version of this app. There’s no way to view “Interesting Finds” like on the iPhone and web browser, unless it’s just really convoluted and I can’t figure it out. Also no way to view pictures that people have posted in reviews of products? Small issues, but they force me to browse on my smaller iPhone when I want to browse on my iPad.
Never had any issues until this version. Now many times when I click to look at an item and then hit back arrow or home button there is no response. I must close the app and reload it. Happens often.
App is super buggy now. Occasionally, the top menu just stops working (dead links). In shopping cart, you cannot change quantity of items. So far, that’s what I have discovered. Most likely, there are more issues I am currently unaware of. Please fix soon!
After tapping on a product image, to enlarge it, the back button stops responding. You have to completely close out the app and restart, then re-do your search.   Very frustrating!  (iPhone 7+ with latest iOS update) 
When I go to wish lists, the “See all wishlists” button doesn’t work.  I can’t get to my other lists.  I’m on an iPhone 6s.  Please fix.
I’m rating the app a 1 star rating only for the simple fact that the pesky tray feature is absolutely annoying! I can hide it, I can minimize it, but no matter what I do I can’t ever seem to get rid of it. It’s absolutely annoying that every time I save something to one of my wishlists, that stupid tray will automatically pop up again. If it wasn’t for this feature, I would have give the app a 5 star rating because other than this, I absolutely love this app.
The current version on iPhone 7 Plus has a problem where the top bar stops working (like the touch screen is dead there, but only after browsing a bit into the app).  Also, the filtering option glitches a lot, though not always, where it just makes the screen gray out in the background and sits there.  Never had an issue until recently and I’ve used it for years.  5-Stars until now.
Fix the app. I use to use it everyday but ever since the "back button" stopped working I no longer bother with the app.   If I open an item to read reviews it won't allow me to go back to my search.  I have to close the app and reopen, which as you can imagine is time consuming.   I spend more time closing and opening the app than I do searching for what I need.
You guys broke the nav bar!!! When I first open the app the nav bar works great. BUT, after I select YOUR LISTS I'm taken to the default list, fine. But then when I try to change to a different list, shopping cart or do anything in the nav bar NOTHING WORKS!!!! Frustrating!!!
Can not go back or any where else. App freezes when you use it. This is the second time I had to uninstall and wait for improvements.  Again I will remove the app and go to my browser to use amazon. The app is zero benefit I don’t plan on using again 
The new update this week you can't tap and type in the search menu. Not just me, others in my house. Also they still a year later haven't fixed the glitch that doesn't allow you to make a second purchase within a reasonable amount of time... on the second purchase you click to move to the cart and then the sale... and then it glitches and takes you back to the first home screen.
I would give the app a 5 star rating if it weren’t for one incredibly annoying issue - the back arrow in the upper left corner only works about 10% of the time.  I’m forced to close out of the app, go back in and start all over and, usually, it still won’t work.
If I’m searching for an item, and I click on one to get a better view, I can’t scroll back to the main list. I have to close the app, reopen it and type what I’m searching for to move on looking at different items.  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but that did not fix the problem. 
Just updated. Now I can’t tap anywhere in the header area. Got stuff in my cart, but I can’t buy them. Nice job, app devs!
Just updated yesterday. Now I can’t use the back button or any other button at the top of the screen. It’s not my phone (iPhone X). Every other app works as it should.
I want to love this app. For 6-8 I stubbornly refused to download the app bc I didn’t want one more thing taking up space on my phone. I was just going to the website from Safari every time til I finally broke down and downloaded it. At first I loved the quick access bc I have come to rely on amazon and my prime account a lot (bc shopping for random items you need at various stores HOPING you find what you want is daunting with toddlers when you can find it on your phone and have it at your door in two days).  I started getting irritated with the wish lists. I really don’t like the bar at the bottom and I don’t see how to get rid of it. I also don’t like that it’s difficult to find all my lists since I have a few to keep up with Birthday gift ideas for different family members. And today has been my biggest annoyance. I just updated the app after having no problems and today I can barely use the app. I am trying to order 5 items and the app keeps locking up. I can only navigate about 3-4 pages before everything in the blue bar stops working. I can scroll on the page I am on but I have no way of leaving the page without fully closing the app and going back in.  Please please please fix this. Amazon and it’s app has made life easier for me, I want that back!!! 
This app seems to be getting worse and worse. I’m not sure if they are optimizing for iPhone X while I still have an iPhone 6s Plus but there have been several glitches. First is when I hit an “options” button such as sorting reviews, I cannot view or pick the sort by options because it is way off the screen that I cannot get to. So ok, whatever, I can deal with that I suppose. But now, when I click an item to view, all of the options at the top become disabled such as the back button, home button and options button so it basically renders it useless. I have to exit the app, search again but when I click on an item, they become disabled again. I found this rather annoying after about 10 minutes. Until there is a fix, I’ll probably shop elsewhere.
The newest update keeps locking up. If you click into a product to read about you can’t arrow back to your previous screen. The entire top bar locks up and does nothing. The app needs to be restarted. Not a pleasant experience having to close and reopen a bunch of times.
Doesn’t work properly. App doesn’t allow you to make selections and gets stuck on one screen. Never had this issue on Samsung Galaxy Note.
After this last update the top bar no longer responds to touch. Makes shopping frustrating and inconvenient. Please fix.
The back button, search bar or other top app screen buttons go completely unresponsive, tried on another device same thing...
Seriously Amazon?  This is the worst update yet! Half of my functions don’t even work.  I can’t view any of wishlist other than my default wishlist, the back button doesn’t work, the search button doesn’t work half the time, and it freezes on pages to where you can scroll but have to shutdown the app to get off that page.
Not sure what’s going on but my Amazon app keeps freezing. Mainly in the menu bar and back button. I can scroll up and down, but everything else is frozen.
The search bar is all of a sudden unresponsive and I have to continuously close the app and reopen to perform searches...
I really like the app, however I do have three things that bug me. One, it’s gotten a glitch of some sort that it won’t respond when I hit the back button or open the Home, order, list, etc. bars. I am left with closing and reopening the app multiple times while I search. It is not my phone as I tried it with other apps and it responds good. Second, why is it so difficult to but ebooks? I have to go to safari to do so, can’t from the app. And third, why is the music unlimited so expensive for amazon prime users if I’m already paying for prime?
The search bar is unresponsive, I tried resetting the app and the result was the same. A update would be greatly appreciated considering the search bar is the most important part of the app.
Added terrible wish list tray that takes up space.  Sure, I have wish lists, but I don’t always need to see them.  Basic features like menu and search stopped working with latest update.  The top bar just doesn’t respond to touch, but only sometimes.  If I click on a different page, some buttons work, on another page, none of the buttons work, and yet on another, all of them work.  Very glitchy, untested beta released.  Get it together Amazon. 
Amazon is a safe haven. It has mostly been updating for the better which I’m surprised despite how old Amazon and this app, themselves are! The only thing that has been bothering me for quite sometime is that the number of items you have on your wishlist can appear and sometime it isn’t. I’m not picky but if I was going to save some memory unit, I would have to know for sure how much stuff I have all together on my wishlist. Counting does work but if I loose count somehow, it can take a lot of time and effort.
this last update my app does not work anything stays stuck
Use the app a lot and like it very much but New update  not working to go back, go to cart, none of the options on the top row will work now. Also there is no easy way to send this information to someone to look into.
I have multiple lists for certain items, i.e. cleaning supplies, gift ideas for my family, tools and automotive, etc. Now when I open the menu and select view list, I see my primary list, but when I try to click view all list to see my lists and my friends saved list, nothing happens. Please fix!!!
Every since the last update I can’t go back after reading an item I pick. I have to close the app and come back to nothing! I pay for prime and I sometimes I want to select same day or next day and I can’t sort my search that way any more. Really thinking of not renewing this year!
On my last update notice that the search bar won’t open sometimes and the back button doesn’t work at times! Thanks
When you click on an item in the $10 and under category, you’re stuck with it. You can’t go back to the list of items and you can’t go to the menu...or anywhere else. You have to close the app and start over again.  Good idea, but needs fixing. 
The update that I just ran has disabled my search bar you can’t even click on it. Please fix!
Latest update stops working correctly after browsing items.  Primarily the top navigation buttons to go back to the previous screen or jump to the home page stops working. I have closed the app, removed from memory and launched again.  No change. App continuously fails in the same way. 
At various times the app locks the header and none of the command functions work, can’t backup, can’t access the menu etc. really weird since I had no problem using the old version on an iPhone 4s but on iOS 11 on a 6s bubkiss.
I’ve been using this app for years, the latest update has caused major problems.  I’m trying to shop and can no longer use the “back” arrow  or enter things in the search bar.  The entire row of controls at the top just completely stops responding requiring me to quit the app and then restart it.  Makes shopping next to impossible.
So the new update today makes it so I have to close and restart the app because it won’t navigate or type in any fields. Very frustrating.
As soon as I updated it, the app kept freezing on me. I have an iPhone X and when I would click on an item it would freeze on that page. I can scroll up and down but that’s it. I can’t go back or click on the search button or even go to checkout. This is an inconvenience.
I can’t go back or search anything after i do the first time
Just updated today. Whenever I use the new section, $10 w/free shipping; that you talked about in this update I cannot use the back arrow (top of app upper left) after I choose to look at an item. In fact, I cannot use any of the icons in the upper area. I tested out the previous app version on a different iPhone & I can use all the icons on the top row. Tiny problem with the latest update?
The top blue bar has stopped working. You can’t look at your account or hit the back button. Please fix
I’m not able to use my search option with the new update, or any actions, for that matter!  Makes it pretty hard to shop!
11.01.0 induces a bug where after viewing some items the buttons become unresponsive click search, home, list, and nothing happens. Have to close the app and start over. Please fix
I cannot access my wish lists. The first list might come up but then the "see all lists" button doesn't work. I can't get to my book list! Dude, do not mess with my books. Ever.    Horrible browsing due to wish tray. How many times do I have to hide the stupid thing? Just because I add an item doesn't mean I want the whole stupid tray back up! Give it to Waldo so it can get lost!      Second, last night I couldn't even change pages if the tray was up. (& it's up all the time) I'd save an item then hit the go back & would go no where. Took me a minute to figure out I had to hide the tray before being able to navigate. What's next for an update? Invisible secret decoder rings?    I'm annoyed because I have to repeatedly turn off & clear browsing history.    Would love if off actually meant off! The enthusiasm of the save tray is obscene. Make it stop. 
This app used to work well. All of a sudden not working after the latest Apple update. Back arrow not working, menu button not working, cart not working. Basically everything at the top of the app screen doesn’t work anymore. 😡 Fix The app! Amazon you are losing my business every day, by having a non-working app.
Latest iOS upgrade to Amazon app comes with glitches.  I can only go forward; never back.  For example, if I look for balloons and want to go back to the list after viewing a specific item, I have to search all over again.  This is silly and needs to be corrected.  I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling.  No help.   Very frustrating.  Please fix. 
Please disable wish list tray.
App is nicely built. Good shopping experience
My amazon app is not responding. I press the search icon and it won’t respond I press the back icon and it won’t respond. I can scroll up and down, but It won’t respond when I press on the icons.
There has been a long-term problem scrolling through your saved for later items in the cart, as the app does battle between showing you that and showing you what other people buy in the same space, usually to the point where it becomes impossible, and it refreshes items it has already shown you against and again. This issues sometimes makes me choose another store’s app to shop with, and you lose business.   The new problem, that let me know there was an issue, was when I couldn’t select items at the top of the screen without restarting the app.   This became frustrating as I missed deal deadlines twice and ultimately didn’t buy the somewhat impulse items. It’s not like I am going to go back and find these daily deals some other times.   I love Amazon, but you need to make it easy for me to buy throngs again. I don’t have an old phone and I have the most up to date iOS. 
Since last update, when I'm in the shopping cart, if I tap on one of my items, the app takes me to the item page, but then the top menu bar gets disabled, I can't go back or go to the cart.
Just updated the app this week and now I have problems with the top task bar responding when I tap to go back a page, search, or bring up the drop down menu. I have to constantly restart the app and reopen for it to work. It worked perfectly fine before the update.
This app is very user friendly and has a ton of functionality. There is obviously room to improve with everything, but I have zero complaints as is!
I use this app daily and I have for several years. Mostly, I have had no issues. But, as of yesterday, January 11, 1018, several buttons are not working. Basically the top navigation bar just freezes up periodically and I have to restart the app. Buttons that freeze up and stop working are the back button, cart, drop down navigation menu, etc. It’s gotten so annoying now that I had to come and change my review. PLEASE FIX!
I can't seem to search for products nor can I get to my cart from tapping it in the top menu bar. Is this happening to anyone else?
It’s very glitchy, and a little disorganized. Not very user-friendly, and there’s a ton of fake reviews on a lot of products. I recommend people to visit websites like Fakespot to determine if reviews are deceitful or not. Lastly, Amazon should have no excuse for their mobile app to be this bad if they are one of the richest companies in the world.
I'm a heavy user of this app, bit this latest update has me running back to the web page. Freezes every time I open it.
After searching for an item the entire menu is inoperable, I can’t access my cart, or return to the start up page
This latest version of the app freezes constantly on my iPhone 8 plus.
Open app, browse to an item, read its reviews. After that functions in top menu bar stop working and you can’t go back or choose other options. Have to restart the app
Current version won’t allow me to click “View all lists” from my main wishlist, so I can’t look at my husband’s wishlist to get him something. It’s like there’s a dead spot on the screen where my finger won’t register. I was worried that it may be my phone (now old 5S), but other apps will register my touch in that same spot. I had no problems with functionality prior to this update.   *Update* The problem seems to be the wishlist tray at the bottom of the screen. As soon as I hide it, the entire screen works again. I added an item to my wishlist and the wishlist tray popped back up, then suddenly none of the top row buttons were working. Once I hid the tray again, everything returned to normal. 
Sometimes the search magnifying glass is not working, as well as the “back” arrow - this all happened since the last update.
Whatever the latest update did, it has made the app barely functional. You can shop for a little bit them all of a sudden the back arrow button stops working and you have to restart the app. Or you go to search and keyboard won’t pop up. What did you do amazon!!?! And why can’t I store shared wishlists and shopping lists anymore????
First I love(ed) this app for it's great design and ease of use. I have a few problems: 1-if I use the app I don't get the Amazon Smile benefit of automatic donations to the charity of my choice. I make enough purchases for this to be significant.  2-from the beginning I have not been able to buy streaming videos via the app. It's frustrating to have to switch over to the website to buy these videos.  3-ever since the latest update there have been numerous bugs!! It's insane, the app is basically unusable. If I select a product to read the details I can no longer use the menus, back, home or search buttons. The only way around this is to close out the app and start my search over which makes comparison shopping basically impossible.  Before these bugs I would have given the app four stars as the other two issues are nuisances only. 
Using Amazon app on iPhone after most recent update, the search field on the home page cannot be selected and no text can be typed into it.
Latest version 11.01.0 the buttons at the top become disabled when looking at a product. I have to close the app and then reopen each time.
App back button doesn’t work, freezes need to close & reopen app, happend after latest update, also list  on bottom of app doesn’t work
If I add something to a wish list from an item search, and then try to return to that same search by using the back arrow, the app locks up entirely. The only way to do anything is to force close the app and then reinitiate the item search all over again. This is both tedious & inefficient for someone (for everyone, really) that does multiple product searches throughout the day. In the past, I have overlooked multiple small glitches; but this is makes the app rather useless in its current state. (Unless, of course, you only ever want to search for and save one item to a wish list.)
Now none of the touch options are working.  Search, back, menu,    None!!!
This latest update is buggy. Won’t allow me to go back to list of items. I have to close app and remove from history then re-open app to search another item. Quite annoying. I know first world problems but still annoying.
Just uploaded the latest update and now the “<“ doesn’t work.  Have to keep closing the app and reopening it.   I’m sure they will fix soon
Just updated and now there is a band where the screen is not responsive in the app. On the home screen it is where the search box, camera, and Alexa logos are
I can calm down by having a good little rest. I can be so flexible and get this done!
Can’t tap search box in latest update
Since the last update I everything works except for the top bar of the app that includes the search function or the return to amazon home in the app. Hasn’t done before until he last update. iPhone X and it doesn’t do that with any other app.
I’ve never been a fan of this wish list tab that pops up when you add an item. I know what I’ve added to my wish list, and taking up a solid amount of my screen to remind me does me no good. Stop trying to shove consumerism down my throat. I’ll buy it when I’m ready to, that’s why it’s not in my cart.   The reason it gets 1 star though is this feature now causes my amazon app to not be able to go back to what I was previously viewing. As in, when that pop up comes up, the arrow at the top left corner stops working until you force close the app or hide the pop up wish list. This is especially frustrating when it doesn’t load and is just a white box that you can’t hide.   PLEASE JUST REMOVE THIS BAD FEATURE. 
Does not let you filter search results by custom price range, and does not let you search in a particular category.
I was using app. An update happened and now the top of the screen won’t work. I can’t search or back button. I can just click on items on home page.
The last few versions of the Amazon app have become progressively worse. From losing the barcode search history to constant freezes and required resetting of the app to Cart - Save For Later scrolling issues and embedded links becoming suddenly “unclickalcle.”  As good as I remember the app being when I first starting using it, that’s how bad it’s become. It’s less troublesome and just as timely for me to go to my desktop or laptop and go to the website (which has its own issues) to shop. I really wish Amazon would get its s**t together on this app thing. Little things like your app being functional and software versions being ready for distribution do matter. 
I love Amazon in the app works generally quite well, however there are some formatting problems at the top of the screen when running on an iPhone X. Some of the elements at the top of the screen are too close to the status bar and the notch. There is even some overlap at times so controls become inactive.
Several features not working.  Search box won’t pull up keyboard.  App locks up at random times.
I wish developers would stop trying to fix what isn’t broken. Restarting my app for the 10th time in about 10 min. I was pretty deep into a search but I guess oh well........
This update breaks the navigation system. Can’t go back to where you were at previously. Only option is to close out the app and re-open it. Basically unusable in this current state.
After this last update on Jan 11, 2018 the search bar stop working
Just updated 01/11/18 and now the back button does not take me back to the search list.  If you read reviews on an item and then use the back arrow in the upper left hand corner you can get back to the item description or the “main item page where you can add to cart.”  If you want to go back to the search list, good luck, the arrow does nothing. You are now stuck on that item page.  Force closed the app and even restarted the iPhone to no avail you have to search again.  I know “stuff happens” but for a large company such as amazon this is not acceptable.  I’m sure they’ll roll out another update but in the meantime I’m buying elsewhere.   Amazon prime is slowly losing it’s luster as in most cases one day shipping is never an option unless you order at like 6 AM!  The free overnight shipping with orders over $35 is a joke at least for me.  I even called Amazon about this and they assured me there is not an issue.  It never works out for me to get free overnight shipping.  Add constant price fluctuations and Amazon isn’t all it’s cracked up to be for me. 
Sick of the stupid List Tray showing up on  the app it’s not useful and I don’t want it! Add option to turn it off! I already give amazon way too much personal information
I find an item in my list select the item I want to purchase again. Goes to screen continue shopping not to purchase, go to cart And same thing I can not purchase just continue shopping. You now know why I DON’T PURCHASE MORE ITEMS.
The Amazon Warehouse Deals used to show up without having to go in to each item, directly from the list that came up from a search. Where’d that go???
iPhone X now can’t click on items and different things in the app. Non-responsive to even click the box to search.
This app was working fine until the latest update. Now the back button doesn’t work at all when you’re interviewing a product after getting to it via your order history.
After opening an item the back button and hole top section of the app are non responsive
I love the app but the only thing i wish we could do is change the color at the top. Otherwise dam near perfect
Like the new update with $10 and below deals, but when I access the menu to go back I can’t see the option and the interaction menu at the top does not work.
No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click.
It’s not as good as the website of course but it is faster if you mostly know what you want.  I would like to see an option to make the text bigger.
Why in God's name, after all this time, can I still not see photos attached to reviews??? This is easy on the phone, more difficult on the laptop, and non-existent on on iPad. Come on. You've had enough time!!
Cannot find ANYTHING about international shopping like the app description states.   Click on “what”????    I want to use it for international shopping but that feature is too well hidden. 
But please make it easier to find your wishlists...
For some reason when I exit out off the app the top bar where the search button stays like frozen and it won’t take off I tried turning off and on my phone and restarting but it won’t go away. Please fix this :(
The iPhone app is severely limited. Common things, like editing a wishlist, are not possible to do in the app.
Ads begin to auto play and stop music when scrolling through the home page!!  I don’t need ads to auto play or ads in general. I know what I want when I go to amazon! 
I can’t believe after all these years apps original to the app markets would be this problematic. First I cannot get the reviews to switch from top reviews, which are almost 3 years old and no longer relevant to latest reviews. I have also noticed glitches in the account end. Alexa needs a rest try going back to basics.
No way to use Amazon smile.  Lists do not scroll properly.  Not all functions on the web are available in-app.  Lots of nits for an app that amazon wants to make central to your life.
Use this app all the time for shopping but why do you make me pull up the site in a browser to buy a Kindle book and only give me the option to download a sample on the app?  Took me trying the app on iPad, iPhone and then Chrome to finally figure that out.  Wasted about 15 min of my time.  If you’d fix that I’d give you 5 *s...
I created a return, and just prior to SUBMIT, I chose “add additional items to this return”. It provides a list of all purchases, but nothing happens when I select another item: no reason for return pops up. Eventually I  selected a few more items for return, but now I’m frozen in Return order land, and there is no way out besides closing out of the app. Which means I have to start over.
If I filter by size when searching for shoes, it shows the item prices as a range instead of showing the exact price for the size I filtered. For me, this makes it almost impossible to find a shoe.
The thing that separated the app from the website was the simplicity and the shortcuts the app provided, specially the convenience of having your lists on a left side grid, that though it might've seem intrusive while viewing any particular product, it gave us the option of glancing back at the rest of list without having to reload it by going back and forth. I expect a lot more from the biggest e-commerce company in the world, including the best app.
I noticed tonight that the app seems to have an issue with the bottom portion of the screen on my iPhone X. Kind of a bummer that I cannot select things if they’re on the bottom edge of the display.
Every time this app gets updated something goes wrong. The latest version won’t let me log in. I can log in on the website so I know I’m using the right password. So frustrating and annoying  Also please restore the option to filter your wishlist for items with price drops. I buy a lot more when I can find the sale items
I absolutely adore amazon. I shop here as much as I shop at Target or Walmart. I am an amazon prime member as well. I have this app on my phone and iPad but for some reason when I view a product on my iPad I can only read reviews, I can’t see the photos from the reviews which REALLY bothers me because I am the kind of person who relies on reviews to motivate me to purchase an item. So for me, what’s the point of having this app on my iPad if I can’t even see review photos? I buy furniture, pet items, household items, and more from amazon. So I would really appreciate this issue being solved.
I read reviews and rely on customer images. My iPhone allows me to view customer images, but the Amazon app for my iPad does not. It’s driving me crazy!
If I wanted dash buttons, I would purchase one. I don’t need dash buttons built into the app- if you must add dash buttons in the app. At least give me an option to disable your gimmicks. Thanks.
Ordering works just fine. Had an issue when chatting with customer service where I could not see what I was typing and was not able to paste any information because the keyboard would block the text input box.
- Can’t see Customer images from reviews  - Can’t see Fresh orders or shop on Fresh - Shopping Cart is not what it should be - Often you can’t go back to a Search you just did  Mobile website looks and works much better 
You can get everything there’s nothing you can’t get great prices shipping always fast I️ got everything on amazon
New ads take audio focus of device, pausing Music/Pods as you scroll past... Very annoying!!
App feels super dated on iPad which I guess isn’t that big a deal for a shopping app. It’s functional- but what really bothers me is that you can’t see pictures customers upload as part of their review. This pictures are more influential to my buying decision than the product photos. I’ll be sticking with the webpage until this feature is added to the app.
I want to like it but it constantly says it’s not connected to the internet. My phone is always connected to the internet so riddle me that. So then I just go to amazons website and it works fine. For such a large and expansive corporation, this amazon app is disappointing. To echo another reviewer about reminders of previous items popping up is a problem. If I search for an item of a personal nature at home then access amazon at work to order things for students, up pops what I looked at at home. Hope the app improves soon but until then, 1 star.
There’s no reason to use an app when the website has better functionality. Per amazon’s own investor statements, the point of the app is to reduce the likelihood that consumers will shop for the same items on other sites. Hard pass.   This app makes shopping on amazon slightly harder than the web version, so why go through extra effort to have a worse experience? 
I’ve used your app since you ever had an app! Never ever had issues! Because of that I give 4 stars. It worked a couple weeks back but been having problems the last two weeks. I can search and look up items as normal but when I click on one of the thumb links to read details about a product or buy a product. It’s a blank white screen that dimly flashes. (White and grey)?? I restarted my phone and everything else I think to do on my part. Nothing works. I understand it may also be problems with current bugs on iOS 11? Either way. If this isn’t just me, I can see it seriously being a problem. Anyway, Thank you, and everyone have a Happy New Year!
It is working as expected, but you guys has to add new option to amazon. As I see many fake reviews or reviews not for the same item so you should add to report other selection menu so users cam report. We got lost with the reviews as we have to read all the reviews they be sure it is not fake or for other item. Solve this issue please
I cant view picture from review section
I love the amazon app, the experience is normally so easy and very user friendly BUT ever since the beginning of December it has been glitching way too often! It asks for my password every 5 seconds and doesn’t allow me to use touch-id instead. Every time I want to view my orders or my cart, it says there was an error and eventually after fighting with the app it allows you to view these things. But the whole app as a whole recently has just been BAD! Amazon needs to address these bugs and do a little update on this app. Once it is glitch free, I can give the app 5 stars but for now I can only give it 1 since there’s no option for 0.
This app has tremendous potential and usually works great.  But sometimes, for no reason and without warning, you can’t type into their text boxes. It’s frustrating, and I find no particular pattern to when it works and when it doesn’t. I notice they do text boxes a little differently in this app and don’t use the standard interface code provided by the iPad’s operating system. So in this regard Amazon is being too clever by half. Sometimes exiting, clearing the app from memory, and restarting it fixes the problem. Sometimes not, and I have to go to the website.  It’s usually fine, but expect occasional frustration. 
Returns are broken, and have been for a while now. When you select a return and need to add more items to it, the list of items you can return pops up from the bottom. After selecting the other item to return, you cannot scroll the list back to the top to hide it and proceed, and there's no button at the bottom of the list allowing you to proceed. You are essentially stuck and have to force quit the app in order to do anything else…
Good app. There is a problem in the Cart on the iPhone 8 Plus - when selecting the Qty, the menu shows up off-screen with only a little showing on the bottom left.
I absolutely loved using this app. The interface is nicely arranged and easy to navigate. I like how the seamless transition from hyperlink in safari goes directly to opening the app. It’s a nice feature.
When I try to scroll down the page in the daily deals, the page will automatically scroll back up a few items making it very frustrating to keep my place.
I thought it was great you could by literally anything but the one thing i cant stand is that there is no option to minimize the wish list
I thought the app for the iPhone was kind of terrible, but then I started using the app on the iPad and it’s the absolute WORST. I decided to go with Amazon for my baby registry because everyone shops on Amazon anyway, but boy was I mislead. First of all, navigating to my registry is a total pain in the a**. I shouldn’t have to click on a million different things to get to my registry, there should be one button conveniently located as soon as I open the app. Once I’m on my registry (on my iPad) I can’t even edit it because the formatting is all messed up... I’m forced to try again on my iPhone, or if that’s not working I have to go sit at my desktop, which seems really archaic for a company that’s basically ruling the world. People have told me that it’s been very difficult for them to even find where to search for my registry...this shouldn’t be happening! This all made me set up another registry where it lets me directly link to my Amazon registry. What a total unnecessary pain. C’mon Amazon, get with it. Remember when you only sold text books to college students? Those were the days...maybe you should go back to your roots.
During return, there is an option now to select multiple items to return but I can't get back to the original screen after I click he other items. Must close app completely to get to it again. Then I have to select each one separately. I want to Return them in one box. Not separate.
At first I thought this app was nice but now after spending five minutes of my day getting frustrated trying to get it to multi-task I have learned that it was poorly designed and Amazon clearly thinks they are special by not allowing users to split screen the app intentionally.  Are they afraid people will split screen with Safari or other browsers to price compare and buy elsewhere?  I cannot think of any other reason for now allowing this feature.    Amazon....Fix the app and enable the features that people expect on an iPad. 
Listen up I bought a Z Yang AG doll and all we got was a box.Thanks for getting me scammed.God Bless you so you can get a better company and better sellers
The app works for most tasks on the new iPhone. But, when reading reviews within users pictures, the app malfunctions. It shows just the picture! I can’t see the review. It just has a black bar with no option to read the review that goes with the picture like I used to be able to do on my old phone! Very irritating...
No matter what I do I always have a notification showing on the app icon. Useful to search but the website is so much better. Please fix the annoying notification thats on the icon and you'd get a darn near perfect rating from me.
This is a terrible company!!!!!!! I am a PRIME MEMBER and this COMPANY SSSSSUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKKKSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This version is great with lots of new features. My primary purpose of writing this is really to provide feedback in hopes the Amazon app team will read this:  The feature to return multiple items seems to be broken. At least on my iPhone 7. When you enter the checklist there is no way out of it once you load more items. 
it’s hard to use and browse on the app because it keeps freezing, no way to see the products details when I clicked on the thumbnail. Had to use the desktop instead.
I downloaded it but I have to come to the App Store to open it. It didn’t download an icon
FYI.. prime customer for years, and have bought $thousands in products ..but I HATE THIS NEW APP CHECKOUT CART!    I just want to check-out!!!!!  I don’t need to see my wishlist or previously purchased lists completely!   Minimize that crap and give me suggestions if you must.. but tone this endless page of crap down!! 
I use the most recent reviews feature a LOT when purchasing and I am unable to do so using the amazon app. I have to exit it, go back to the product I was viewing and then I’ll be able to receive the option to sort by most recent. A lot of unnecessary work
I don’t mind notifications about my orders. I hate the mindless non-stop “deals” I receive even though I disabled any option related to it. Best thing is to disable the notifications for the app and just rely on email notifications for order status.
I had to turn them off even though I wanted notifications of orders placed, because my phone won’t stop vibrating to let me know products I never use are on sale. I’m a frequent customer, Amazon, stop p***ing me off.
What's up with the ads on the home page? I get it if stores are promoting their Amazon sold products but do we need Geico ads and ads to buy tickets to movies now? Get these off of here.
Good app, but those automatic videos are a big no for me, will give 4 stars if changed. Love Amazon
Transforms my shopping experience into a fuc. Ng nightmareeeeeee!!!!!!!’
Necesito saber si tienen la opción de desconectar todas la conexiones, ya qué hay una persona que está conectada con mi usuario y aún ella ha utilizado mi cuenta y ya no quiero que lo siga haciendo, yo cambie la clave de mi cuenta pero ella aún sigue conectada y lo utiliza
I put in a very specific search term. Yet I get a scattered result. For tires I give a wheel size of 16, and get 15 as well. Look for tires and get canvas spare covers. I don’t need the aggravation.
So now if I’m listening to music and scroll past an auto playing video ad, it stops my music?!? This is garbage and needs to be removed. I will refuse to buy any product that puts an ad out like this.
There's a persistent notification badge icon that won't go away and I have no idea what the notification is for. Also, "default to these shipping preferences" never defaults to those shipping preferences and that stupid shopping bar at the bottom of the screen won't stay away. I'm just gonna start buying local again. Amazon is corrupt.
What happened to the shopping list? I used to be able to get into my shopping list on my iPhone and now I can’t? Why, whathappened?
There needs to be a fix for the high background activity.  According to my battery, I’ve used the app for 2 mins but had 15 mins background activity.  Even when I turn it off it still registers, so something is hanging when I suspend the app.  Please fix, I will be uninstalling until a fix is issued. 
Your app is ok. The wishlist tray needs to go away.   But I want to leave feedback on Amazon... I can’t do it on the website, I can’t do it in the app, I called once and they say d they took my feedback and would enter it in their system for management. I asked do a copy... but that is against policy.   So we, as consumers:  1. have no voice over 3rd parties 2. Can’t complain against Amazon  3. Have to watch bots buy up new releases and then resell for 3-5 times the price (I’m pretty sure Amazon is getting kickbacks) 4. But... the people you do actually talk to are nice. 
Autoplay Video takes over Audio. Cannot use while listening to anything else.
A lot of functionality is broken. I can’t even buy things in my cart... it keeps asking me to select a shipping address. Just one of many major bugs.  Usually amazon is better... on iPhone X FYI. 
I love amazon and use it multiple times a week to online browse and order whatever (batteries, vitamins, gifts, etc..), but recently the cart (save for later) has this weird thing that makes viewing my saved items impossible.  When you scroll down the app wants to show you “other items” similar to what you have saved, but all it does is refresh my screen and make it where I can’t ever scroll down!  Infuriating!  Also, not a fan of that wish list pop up tray at the bottom either.  Just takes up room and it’s not needed. 
About half of the time for the past few months, every time I try to use the app to view my past orders or change my subscribe and save, a “something went wrong” notification comes up. The app is basically useless half the time.
Unable to use AmazonSmile with the app
There is no photos and videos on product reviews on ipad pro 12.9 using amazon app.
I love Amazon it is like the best app in the whole entire world I do Christmas shopping on it and I'm fine really expensive stuff a really low prices
i always say - give your product/soft to your granny to try. If she is able to use it than  its cool. Why did you place the swipe action Further Info on the scanner page at the bottom? As a result in 90% of cases i swipe up to open the phone's control panel. Also there is the terrible violation of privacy: i must accept your outrageous demand to send scanned photos to you. Never happens. Rolled back to previous version 7.x - it does absolutely everything i need. 
I can’t delete the app. Not deleting cus bad, deleting cus need storage. Every time I delete it mysteriously comes back 🤔🤔🤔
Please five the option to increase the type size since it’s hard to read those tiny descriptions thanks
You need to remove that because if multiple people use the same acct they can see if someone ordered a surprise for that person
This wish list that pops up is so unnecessary.  I plain out hate it every time Im scrolling down and just happen to hold it for just a second too long for that thing to pop up.   Next thing I know, I dragging this item I have no interests in, knowing that if I let it go it will automatically be added to the “wish list”.  I’m already addicted to online shopping, I don’t need any extra help adding “wish list” to my well organized catalog of lists.  And to be clear, aren’t all lists technically a wish list.  If you could buy them that instant you wouldn’t need a list to begin with.   Redundant , just plain redundant. 
Wishlist:  - Make the checkout a full page instead of a tiny pop-up. - Accept ApplePay. - Allow AmazonSmile within the app. 
Remember when Prime shipping meant you’d have your stuff in two days? After all, that’s what you pay $100 a year for. Now it’s become so convoluted and ridiculous that it simply isn’t worth it anymore. You waste time shopping for items only to find out that “Prime” shipping gets you your stuff in a week or even longer. Uh, what am I paying for then? If it’s not able to be to me in 2 days then why is it allowed to have the Prime icon? Quit trying to backtrack on your promises.
Amazon worked wonders on my iPhone 6... I was long overdue for an upgrade so I upgraded to the best. I expected the apps from major, million dollar companies to work flawlessly with my new phone. Sadly, this is untrue. When amazon fixes Face ID and login errors, I’ll come back to the app.
Wonderfully crafted app; from the speed, the layout, the usability, support contacts; it’s just easy to pick up and go. However, with that being said, I would love to see two new features; Dark/Light Themes, and Collapsible Sections.   The option to go between “Dark/Light themes” would be a glorious addition for those midnight “I forgot to buy ______!” epiphanies, or shopping for your best friend’s birthday party while in the middle of a luncheon in the park.  The “Collapsible Sections” would free up much unnecessary scrolling through an item’s page, and you can expand or collapse what you deem it’s important to you. I would love to have this feature apply to the following sections:  - Frequently Bought Together - Sponsored products related to this item - Compare to similar items - Have a question? - About this item - Related Video Shorts (when applicable) - Customers who bought this also bought - Customer Questions - Customer reviews - Sponsored products related to this item - What do customers buy after viewing this item? - Customers who viewed this also viewed  This option would save on load times, data usage since all those videos and images would be hidden, and would make each item page much cleaner-looking.   This idea could lead to or evolve into a Table of Contents instead; Open the Table, click on your desired item, say, Customer Reviews, and it would take you there AND expand it for you!  I’m not sure how difficult or tedious it would be to incorporate these features, but they would be, in my opinion, amazingly welcomed additions to an already stellar app!  Thanks again, Amazon team! 
We all know Amazon. By now we all know how it works. Some of us will use all the Prime Member features and others may just use the free shipping. Quit prompting me and reminding me what I’m not using. I know this works. It does work seamlessly between the app on my iPhone, iPad and my PC. That’s a good thing. The problem lies in the format of the app on the iPhone, iPad and then PC. Not much consistency. So you have to get used to 3 different layouts and interactions. I dislike the wishlist on the bottom of the iPhone app. Takes up valuable real estate. Fine on the iPad but why can’t we have it on the PC? Maybe you can but I have never been able to figure it out. How about a color overall? I’m tired of looking at the green blue color by now on the iPhone app. I believe last year for the cyber Monday sales it was easy to find the deals quickly including upcoming etc. This year it almost took a Herculean task to find anything other than what Amazon was pushing. I hate how the Subscription service is done. Every item is a separate order, why can’t you assign a separate number for the Subscription? For business purposes it would be nice to have a breakdown of shipping savings either per item or per order? I’m sure that would allow us to figure out that they probably pay zero in shipping. Amazon loads up the website I wish they would load the app. It seems at times, the app has its limitations. Every other app allows you in some way to be customize, but it sure would be nice to allow the customer to do that with this app to be able to see what we want. I have so many other ideas but I’m tired of typing. Amazon don’t worry we will still be here!
iPad version is awful compared to iPhone version. iPhone version does everything I can do on web, but iPad is very limited. Spent 15 min trying to figure out where to find my registry. Not on the menu or department list or link in the bottom. Still cannot find it. Uninstalling.
Why am I not able to make purchases through my iPad like I can from my laptop? Most of the items say “not available for purchase from this device”. Come on Apple, you are making it too inconvenient to use your products. FYI - it is the same with my iPhone.
My purchases (via browser) are always via smile. This app needs a settings designation to allow that. Until that happens, I’ll use app for product research but go to browser to actually purchase.
Why can’t I see customer reviews pictures??? This blows my mind why I can see them on my iPhone app but not on the iPad Pro app? 🤯
Needs a button on the top boarder of the app the copies the link to the product you are looking at.
Any buttons/UI elements on the bottom of the screen don’t respond to taps 9/10 times (see Customer Service chat option).  iPhone X, iOS 11.2, Amazon app 9.22.0 
So far the starting page is good has easy to navigate, but it does need some love in the comment section with better flow of people personal image been shown it feel so old trying to view them wish it would be more sliding and reading review of the image that was uploaded but the user.   Also if there can be a butting for same day pick up items that would be amazing. Yes there is prime button but that 2day shipping what if need it soon or something. But so far it’s good and I have any issues with the app. 
Love this app I simply push an icon on my phone And voila it’s there 24/7 do them right they will return the favor! CB 
I’ve looked far and wide in the app for the textbook rentals I have rented so I can manage my rentals, but have yet to find it. I’m currently stuck because my computer and printer won’t communicate and I need to return a book by the 19th. After a few days of trying to sort out the issue, I tried again to find my rentals on the app to no avail. Why can’t we find that in the app!!??
I use this app daily and for the most part it’s great and easy to use. What I’m not a fan of and gets more annoying everyday is the recommendations of things to buy that over power the items in my cart when I’m scrolling through it. It’s getting as bad as Facebook. I appreciate the recommendations but the manner in which they appear is discouraging and I can’t find an option to disable it!
For some reason the app doesn’t let you see everything arranged by low to high price. It only shows a small amount of the items you searched for when you click the sort button from by relevance to by price low-high the number of options lowers significantly where you might only have a couple choices, even though when it was sorted by relevance there may have been 10,000 items. Kind of ridiculous when you can’t see everything in the order of price.
This is stupid, I do not see any way to look up the wish lists of other people on Amazon mobile app
Received error cs11 when trying to view details of product in a previous order. There's a product I've previously ordered that I'd like to order again. When I try I get error cs11.   There's no way to report the problem and they don't read these reviews.   ---the problem below still exists--- When trying to select a product type, flavor, style, etc. the pop over that appears won't scroll; the page behind the pop over scrolls instead.   Amazon has no way to report problems with this app. Very annoying considering it's been broken in multiple ways over the past several months.   Amazon needs better customer support. 
-still doesn’t  properly support the screen resolution of the new 10.5" iPad Pro.  Amazon has gathered up the world’s wealth but too lazy to compile their app properly..  -the related products list used to be sponsored on top, but the bottom list was not sponsored.  now it is all sponsored.  this is a dealbreaker and i will try downgrading to last version i can find without this change.  else will stop using.   the sponsored products are not selected with my best interests in mind.  they are expensive products priced so that the customer pays a premium to pay for the advertising costs the seller pays to amazon.  shameful. 
There is no back button on items with multiple deals/ pricing. If you clicking a deal to save on a brand of products, you end with no way out of the product brand page.
Currently, if my friends look at my wish list through the app, they see that I do not have one, but my review alias (which they are not familiar with) DOES have one.   Similarly, I have one contact whose wish list now shows as “Amazon Customer.”  I pointed out to a relative that I could see her review alias when I looked at her wish list, and she panicked and deleted her wish list. (Oh great...)  Anyway, please fix this, guys! 
It’s on by default. All the links that LOOK as if they’ll allow me to disable it turn out to be dead ends in some way.
Extremely slow, almost unusable when using as a simple grocery list at the store.
Amazon is doing a great thing by offering the Amazon Smile program. But the whole thing feels half-baked if they aren’t going to extend this functionality into the app. They’ve had plenty of time to address this. Looking forward to future updates.
Each version on different devices different format. Works fine on iPhone, half-assed on iPad. Keypad keys won’t react in search box more than once. Reset, quit, delete, reinstall-same. For such a necessary app, there should be NO bugs.
Every time I click on “done” after I’ve changed the size and/or color it never goes back to the screen to review the item. It is as if it freezes on that screen. It is so frustrating.
Whatever it is, the app keeps asking me for the password and keeps shutting down. Constant error messages. The issue appeared after iOS 11 came out (I have the latest version installed). Idk it that’s the way amazon wants everyone to upgrade to the latest Apple phones, I have a 7 and I’m not trying to switch it in the next 2 years.
I love the amazon app. It’s makes things so much easier. I’m always on the go so if I need something quickly I can just pull up Amazon on my phone, find the item, order it and then get notified when it ships and when it arrives.
Never had an issue with the app in the past. Now, with the new iPhone 10 the experience is really bad. Super annoying and disappointing.
When accessing order history, continuously asks for password.  Can’t scroll through orders with password screen popping up, even after entering password
It’s super fun trying to click on recommendations when your saved list keeps refreshing.  And I gave up on “new and interesting finds” bc every time I see one I like, I click on it and the item I was interested in is nowhere to be found.  So basically clickbait. No thx. 
Very buggy app. I realized I ordered two of the same shirts immediately, and tried to cancel one of the shirts days before it even shipped. And the order still wasn’t cancelled. Now it’s shipping and I don’t even have the option to cancel it. I tried going to customer service to cancel it through there and it lets me click on the product but doesn’t show the option to cancel. Just another way Amazon is crooning me out of my hard earned money! I will not continue to be a customer if this isn’t resolved!!
Why in the world is it so hard to copy the tracking number from this app?  When viewing the tracking info pop-up, that little "x" on the top right doesn't work. You have to press outside the window, anywhere but the x, and the tracking pop-up window closes.  Please allow us to copy the tracking number from the app. Allow it to be selectable, can't even highlight the tracking number.. 
Everyone is giving this app bad reviews, I don’t know why. This app is amazing. Love shopping from it.
I’m ios11.2, when I use the search feature, the iPhone X fails to pull up your app when I type in “Amazon.” This is happening with other apps, too. Problem is, if people have tons of apps like me, I rely on the search feature to open your app, otherwise I can’t find it. Please let Apple know.
Customer service chat feature doesn’t work. App freezes & doesn’t allow you to type
I try tapping the “create list” button and it does nothing
The color scheme teal is hideous. And also the wish list tray is annoying.
This app keeps resetting the language setting I configure. It's so annoying. Additionally, the app thinks it needs to translate what I searched for into the exact same thing. When will this be fixed?! 
So I’m listening to music and shopping on Amazon’s app and then my music is interrupted by a Video add for Amazon’s Echo.  Get rid of the f@&$ing adds in your app Amazon.  They are very intrusive. 
The app constantly doubles the items I have in my “saved for later” every time the app loads older items in said list.
I really don’t know why I have Amazon on my phone since this app Is bugging so much. I just switch from Android to iOS and this app works way better on android. Every time when I try to search or open the app it takes good amount of time to find desired item. I can not even see my past and current purchases either. Very frustrating ....So why bother to use it on iPhone when it doesn’t work.
You can only swap from left to right to go back on certain instances. It should be the default through the entire app and not that back arrow in the upper left side
I can’t see the application on my home screen and I would love if you could fix this ‘glitch’ but besides that I love it. Oh and by the way it might be with my phone.
I love Amazon but for a billion dollar company this app is not even close to perfect. Too SLOW to remove or add to cart. Another annoying issue is that items start to duplicate while scrolling through your list! I don’t get how time consuming it is to delete items. So frustrating!!!
Helpful for price checking on the go
I love the app, works great. The update for the iPhone X however has some design flaws. Most of the time it has to do with the Amazon logo and the menu icon overlapping with the phone time and signal Icons
One really annoying thing about this app is that to date I can not copy text. I often like to copy a product name and paste in a browser or ebay to research. I hate when developers dictate and control this kind of stuff!!! It’s like DVD players that don’t allow you to navigate when and how you want to! I usually just go to amazon in a browser instead of using this app. I also like to copy a product URL and paste it in fakespot to see if the reviews are real, something I can’t do using the amazon app.
Why can’t I scan a barcode from the iPad version of the app? That’s just stupid. I’m trying to buy something and you’re making extra work for me.
I don’t know who’s genius idea it was to clutter up your saved items with other items to look at but this is beyond annoying when trying to scroll .Makes me want to delete the app!!!
Best app ever!!  I'm SO glad they made this app! Everyone is complaining About "glitches" but I have absolutely NONE. GREAT APP!! 
Amazon is great, the app is really useful too, but you get a one star until you make sure no advertisements take over REAL media playback via airplay. There’s not a single person in the world that wants to have their big screen spammed with ads while doing shopping on their phone as they watch or listen to other media. Fix it.
