Why can’t anyone from support tell me how to disable this “Deliver to” banner that now displays under the search bar and on EVERY product screen I visit. When you click on it, it says “Choose your delivery location” but never goes away! Tell me how to disable!!!
Please add customer-submitted photos on the iPad app! I can see them in reviews on iPhone but not on iPad.
If I can’t buy all Amazon items from the app,  why use it? Kindle books and some other physical items can’t be purchased in the app. So I have to start over on a webpage. No reason to use the app if I have to start over from scratch to get the Buy option.
Amazon decided to add autoplay ads to their app and now I can't listen to music or podcasts while browsing!! It's ridiculous that as a prime member I have to deal with ads let alone autoplay video ads!!!!
Specific detailed search options such as searching for items within my wishlist are gone after this latest update.
Whenever I read comments I like to see the most recent but I haven’t been able to switch between the two. When I click on the option to switch it’s just a blank greyed out screen.
I want to share something I am thinking about buying with a friend over text, but I cannot figure out how to do so without manually going to the website in Safari.
Love Amazon but this app is incredibly unresponsive on iPhone X. Especially when chatting with customer support or attempting to choose a different size / color of an item.
The app won’t allow me to contribute to my favorite charity via Amazon Smile so I never use it.
Where is the sign out option in this software version?  If someone is using my kindle tablet or phone, I want the option to close the app.  Please put back in sign out option in next update.
I’m am iOS user and predominantly use my phone (iPhone 7s plus). The Amazon app used to work great and has since become glitchy in the past two months—gets “stuck” when placing an order and doesn’t allow one to toggle seamlessly between placing an order and continuing to shop for other items. I attempted to inform a customer service rep of this only to be told “maybe you should try accessing our full website via a PC”. Wrong. What’s the point of having a mobile app then, especially if it’s not being supported or if developers aren’t going to look at feedback.
Just upgraded and now I always get an error message when I try to add items to my cart. Come on amazon.
I can’t believe we’re in 2018 and I can’t buy audiobooks from either of your apps (Audible / Amazon) on my phone. Marketing ploy or plain incompetence?
Reliable app for shopping. I waste more time finding button to buy or find related items because Amazon is crowding the interface with ads. Downgrade Jan 2018.
I'm writing this review because I can't find anywhere, on the app or otherwise, to report issues about poor app functionality. I've tried the barcode scanning function on three different phones, and it never works. I have a giant pile of textbooks I need to trade in, because they are useless to me and selling them to a bookstore is worth basically nothing. I used to do this via Amazon all the time in college. Now, when I open the barcode scanner, it cannot find the barcode. No matter what I do - avoid shadows and glare, move it closer or farther, different angles, restarting the app, restarting my phone, etc., it just flat out doesn't work. You need to FIX THIS. It's one of the only reasons I have this awful app. Ever since you got rid of the Amazon Student app, which is what I used to use for my trade-ins, this function hasn't worked. FIX. IT.
This was one of my favorite apps, and I love Amazon. But it’s simply not working anymore. Not in my iphone 6 or my ipad mini. It stays “still loading” and never finishes.
How the hell do I check out a Kindle version of a book?! the option to add to cart disappears!
Please make them stop
I love using Amazon Prime... but I keep getting notified about a part that is already delivered. I never had this issue before the last update.
Great app, except for the irrelevant recommendations. Why would a single man with no kids be interested in women’s clothing or baby-related items? There is nothing in my purchase history, browsing history or wish list that would indicate any interest in those things. It used to seem much more personalized than it does lately, now it’s just annoying.   At least give me a “not interested” button. That way you could recommend things that I might actually be interested in. 
The post few updates have all said things like "Go to the menu" to find the new feature... But the menu does not have these new features.
I like the app and its worked well, but through several updates i was hoping this issue would get fixed. It has not. I have several items in my saved for later cart and as I scroll down and it processes to show me those items, it then doubles the number in the list. Scroll down again and now you have 3 and so. I just cant ever get to the bottom of the list.
While the app is stable, it’s incredibly intrusive when it steals the show when looking for items in a web browser. There is no way to quickly share a link to an item with a friend from the app. This is such a fundamental requirement for shopping. So, because the app opens when you click an ‘amazon’ link from the web page, you’re stuck. Sorry Mom, I can’t share what I found at Amazon with you.
The app just keeps getting worse and worse! Pictures don’t load, I can’t click the options buttons to change color/size etc., I can’t click the purchase button to buy something, and a lot of times the app looks old school and reverts to blue hyperlinks. I want to buy things on amazon but I have to jump through hoops to maybe get a purchase in. Also I don’t like that you can only use one card to make a purchase. I hope things smooth out soon.
Where is the dark mode for night shopping on an iPad screen in bed? #TooBright  Sharing an item after it has been added to a cart has been broken for years.   Video playback is broken on the main description and isn’t supported for user reviews.   #Fail 
With the new app I am not able to purchase books for my Kindle, my only option is to Download a Sample. At the end of the sample I do not get the option to purchase the book anymore.  If I want the book I have to leave the app, open Amazon ‘s web page, login and then I can purchase. I do not have this problem with other purchases, only kindle books.
I’m a frequent Amazon user and I have several Amazon based apps on both my iPhone & my iPad. I don’t like using the iPad app bc it seriously lacks. You have very limited options in what you can access easily. I can’t see my dash buttons, gift card balance, or any basic account info. I would prefer using the app but sadly I resort to the desktop version or I just reach for my phone. Is it really necessary for the 2 versions to be so different? Not a positive user experience.
Whenever I click an Amazon link in Chrome it opens in the Amazon app and then immediately opens Safari to take me to the Amazon web page.
I like Amazon and I like what they are doing with Amazon Smile, but I wish Amazon Smile was available on the app.
I’ve use this app a lot, and I like it. Very easy to navigate and seems to have most everything I have needed. One thing that drives me crazy though is when the app shows a notification and you open it up, unless you know to go to the bell icon for the notification, you will look around for a very long time to try and figure out why you have a notification. Amazon., you need to put a notification symbol on the bill inside the app once you open it to see what it is you are trying to tell us.
Try to open my orders and it pops up an error. Same with account info. Congrats developers you have made the biggest web presence in the world useless.
The iPhone app works great still! However the app for iPad does not give you the option to update your account settings anywhere. Or if it does it’s incredibly difficult to find. I hate using my iPad to shop now. Please make it more user friendly. The apps vary greatly between those two.
Prior to the last update, my app opened and loaded immediately. Since the update it often fails to load, offering up a message stating there’s a problem on their end. It happens too frequently. The search filter is limited, also. These problems are a deterrent for me to continue using Amazon to make purchases. That leaves me considering other merchants for my needs if Amazon continues with these issues.(And, yes, I am 100% positive the problem isn’t with my mobile device.)
I thankfully realize that I have been blest as a consumer and customer. The support given my account is impeccable and the updated apps with Prime Video and Amazon Fire TV have kept us away from unintentional spending; the people willing and able to become as little children... 
People have been asking for in-app Amazon Smile functionally for a while now. I haven’t seen any response from Amazon. I would use Amazon for many many more purchases if I didn’t have to do a clunky work around to use both the functionality of the app, and Smile at the same time.
I loved this app, but I no longer use it because it does not support AmazonSmile. Also, I cannot share products I found because the web link to products is never shown and there is no sharing button.
I haven’t had this problem in the last that I recall, but now when I look at a kindle version of a book it has buttons to add to list, download sample, share book...but no way to add to cart or purchase.  Tried on both iPad and iPhone app. :(
The Amazon app is not working for me since the last update. It times out or gives errors for almost every search I do. If I navigate from my browser, it will open a search result but then I can’t save it to a lost or buy it without getting an error. When I DO get search results, I can’t navigate to any of them without getting an error message. Uninstalled and reinstalled, no change.
Amazon Smile, while it only gives 0.5% of purchase to the charity of choice, is a program with a lot of potential. It’s unfortunate that it’s user-driven and web-only. Please make the option available for Amazon Smile contribution on mobile whether it’s an account toggle or a new app.   When you compare giving contributions to other big box retailers (cough Walmart cough), Amazon could do better. This feature is under utilized because it’s not available on mobile and not available from the main page. 
It extremely frustrating that I’m not able to download kindle material from the app.  I do most of my reading on my phone with my kindle app but adding new content is way more difficult than it should be.  Not only can it not be done from the app but it is also difficult to get to the full site from my phone because it automatically takes me to the app.  It’s not an option from the app menu either.   Quite frankly, you’re a billion dollar company on the cutting edge of technology.   This should not be a difficult thing to achieve.
I am extremely addicted to this app. Even when i am not ordering love to store things in my wish list. Or even create folders of different wishes i want. Especially with this new update amazon provided us for the use of this app has been a great positive change.
I check my email for tracking and Amazon suggests using this app. I came to download and see all these Negative Reviews...              Wow !!!  Does Amazon even care ??? It's gotta give pause to shoppers if they can't even navigate to purchase things ....  I just use the PC or MAC "when" it's convenient for me... which is obviously less than phone in hand. 
Honestly I love this app because there is so much to shop through and this one of the best apps I’ve ever shopped in. I got a Xbox one headset for 25 bucks and in stores they’re like $100. This is one of the best apps that I’ve ever had I love it and I enjoyed it a lot! Thank You So Much Amazon!!!!
Why does the new version have a notification flag on my phone and no guidance within the app on how to get rid of it?
The videos start automatically and there is no way to stop them. It is on the main page.  They are getting annoying and I don't even want to go on the site anymore because of them.
Why of all platforms is the customer images for reviews missing from the ipad app?
There’s no way to turn off annoying promotional notifications Amazon insists on showing me for products I will never buy. So I’m uninstalling this app. Email notifications are all I need anyway.
Stable, fairly easy to use and navigate, and has much (though not all) of the functionality of the web site.
This has been a long time frustration...there’s no discernible way to connect the app to my smile.amazon account. Three stars as a result.
this app has really deteriorated and my days of using it are definitely numbered.  searching functions are not user-friendly and hide variables to search by when you have chosen others first.  you can forget trying to use it for movies now unless you know exactly what movies you’re looking for.  their coming soon filter shows every movie out there instead of ones that have never been launched.  i’ll do a general search for a movie and the one I’m looking for does not show up on the list. I will then do a specific search just for it and all of a sudden it shows up.  yesterday I tried to find a movie and couldn’t find it in the app.  I then went to Bing to look for it on the web and it directed me towards the Amazon app where it all of sudden appeared
Your share links are not consistent, they often share the wrong color or item. What I want is a URL Address at the top of every page, this allows me to share a page of finds, or the company’s selection of items.   Search is missing some search filters that once made it useful. I’d tell you what they were if I weren’t medicated. Yes, you can point and laugh and show your friends. But I would give everything I have not to have to be so f-ing drugged for pain. Anyways onto the rest of the review...  You need to know Search always throws in some items completely unrelated, as in, what does a spatula and other cooking/baking implements have to do with the stockings I am looking for?   Search often ignores the parameters I have set. You must believe that just because I am looking for a size 8 long-sleeve blue mid-length dress, I’d be willing to buy a size 4 sleeveless white miniskirt length sundress. Seriously, I don’t have time for this crap, cut it out! I don’t peruse Amazon for fun, I’m a woman on a mission!   And another search problem, sellers get around search parameters by posting low prices that are not quite true. After you open the page and feel you have found what you wanted, you click to add it to your cart, suddenly your item is far more expensive than you remembered it being!! What happened?  You go back to double check, that’s the real expensive price all right. You begin looking at all the other items, they are all expensive, except for ONE. One hideously ugly item that you would never buy, THIS one item is priced at the lower price that brought you in.   These search problems prolong my searching, there have been times I have given up and not spent any money because I just could not look at one more page. You don’t want to do this to people who do all their shopping here, (I’m disabled). We spend enough to be respected. 
I’m in the process of making a baby registry. First, when I click on items in my registry it will not let me view them. At all. Can not view size or any other details. Can not delete item. Nothing.  Second, I can not just add items to my registry. First I have to add item to a list. Then go into the list and “move” it to my “baby registry”.  A nice feature to add and I am so frustrated that it’s not a feature at all, I (and probably many other registry makers) would like to be able to go back through and group certain items together. For instance, I would like to group a specific shirt with a specific pair of pants with a specific pair of shoes with a specific hat,bibs, onesie, etc. Or a certain sheet set with a certain blanket. It would be easier for the gifters as well! No organization :( 
The App works great, however, I think that they should include new and interesting finds on their home screen like they have on their website.
Is it just me or does iPad version for Amazon does not have customer images? It’s kind of annoying because it plays a big part in my purchases.
The app looks completely different this morning and I can no longer see at a glance whether I am signed in to my personal account or my business account or whether my husband is signed in to his personal account, etc.  so right off the bat I must start clicking and searching for basic info before I can even begin to shop.  Why?  And that’s just the beginning of inconvenient changes.  Using the browser until this app becomes more efficient.
Why is it so hard to buy a book to read and connect to the kindle app from iPhone? I have everything set up yet there is no buy now button for the books I want. Ridiculous.
I live in rural Wyoming, so Amazon Prime is a way of life. Generally, my least favorite way to shop Amazon is on my iPad. The app is so glitchy and inferior compared with the desktop and iPhone experiences. For example, I have an active baby registry but when I view the registry on my iPad, I can’t access the item pages, purchase, modify, or delete the items. I can basically only view the list of items on my registry. If I want to make any modifications or view the individual items, I have to use my phone or computer. Totally inefficient.
It will not allow me to assess my account, or see what I ordered on my iPhone 6+.
UPDATE: apparently iPad got the wrong app version with the previous update. The latest update fixed everything and it’s now like it was previously.  The latest update is terrible. I hate the layout and they took away the quick access buttons at the bottom of the screen. Also none of the option selections work when in/on an item page (eg. size, color, etc). The app might look more “modern” but it’s several steps back in functionality. 
New version is full of bugs. Title bar is cut off, load time is crazy slow, REALLY poor effort by the iOS team.
I love the app but really wish you offered an app for Amazon Smile I love buying and supporting my charity.
Love the Amazon app, BUT unfortunately if there was a way were I can buy digital music straight from the app INSTEAD of having to log into my laptop then Amazon would get 5 stars from me ! I can’t tell you how many times I’ve tried to buy digital music from the app and it tells me that I can’t do it from the app , then I have to log into my laptop to buy the music ( which isn’t very convenient for me all the time ) ... So hopefully Amazon will read this and make music buying from the app more convenient! Thanks ! ;) 
I’ve stopped using the app for purchases and only use it for exploring occasionally. An app needs to be able to access all features of a site if it wants to be successful.
Amazon feeds my impulsive shopping habits and has everything I need. No issues with the app itself. The fifth star will come when I can BUY MY KINDLE BOOKS FEOM THE APP! It is a MASSIVE hassle to get a book I want to read Right Now (the mindset Amazon has so kindly put in my head) since I can’t get it on the app
Can you add Amazon Smile compatibility. I’d buy more from the app if that was a feature.
Books filter should include type of edition: paperback, digital, kinddle, etc Clothing filter should include type of cloath 
I’ve been having a lot of trouble with the Amazon app lately. Currently, I am unable to sort by most recent reviews. When I click on the section to do so, it just gives me a gray screen. Please fix this!
Not great. To download a book to a Kindle you need to use the website in a browser because this app doesn’t work. (I had to use the help section to figure out why it wasn’t working.) and as long as the app was on my phone, I couldn’t use a browser because it kept automatically opening the page in the app.
Please add password protection to the app to avoid children accidently using it
I ordered a book on Amazon it’s still coming in but I can’t order anything else. I will select a size on an item but it keeps saying select a size when I click add to cart. I do not know how to fix it.
Ridiculous. App does not even link to the “shop nowL item being offered!
Updated Amazon and was going to make a purchase and app defaulted to main screen and I couldn’t return to my previous page. This has never happened on my iPhone. Very Buggy app ***UPDATE*** So far I’ve looked at two more items to buy and looked at the reviews and everything was wrong——the reviews were for different items.   DONT UPDATE THIS APP - ITS CRAP!!! 
I love using the amazon app to buy things and browse through products. I am also a huge fan of audiobooks and Audible. I wish that this app would allow me to buy my audiobooks, or use my Audible, free book a month, token. The app works amazing and is easy to use, but I just wish they would fix this.
Since the update, the app won’t let me add clothing to my cart - I choose the size and the color and then click “add to cart” and it alerts me in red to choose a size, which I’ve already done. I’ve tested this on multiple items and it’s the same each time. It’s extremely irritating. The only way to add clothing to my cart now is to sign into my amazon account on safari and add the item there and then go back to shopping the app. I hope this is fixed soon, as I’m a frequent Amazon shopper, especially for clothing. We have a baby coming and my registry is on Amazon as well. So, I’ve been ordering a lot of items recently. I wish I hadn’t updated the app now, what a pain.
Great app to buy stuff from but read the bad comments first before purchasing  because there is a lot of scammers who have bots like the project but the project is trash and very dangerous. Amazon employees if you are reading this please ban the idiot scammers to help make this app way better.
Amazon keeps making their app less useful. I would give it 3 stars, but I think that including outside ad banners is disgusting. I guess Amazon just isn’t making enough money off of us.
I’m trying to buy a shirt and when I choose the correct size and color it says ! Please select a size I already if this is not fixed I will switch to eBay
Everything is fine except the customer’s photos. The app doesn’t show any photos on iPad, only shows on iPhone. :(
Unable to make changes. I.e.  cancel 1-click. Somehow everything I order is duplicated. About to stop using Amazon.
When searched today deals and looking into an individual product's page. You lose your place and have to filter all over again. I just use a browser so I can look at many products and use the app to track packages.
Where do I start? The layout is clunky and requires an extra step in the drop down menu to go anywhere off of the home page, & you can’t enlarge by tapping pictures anymore- it’s a pain in the neck to have to zoom in and out instead of a quick tap. But my biggest complaint is that on the deals page I can’t choose a size or color- when I tap the arrow, it “blinks” but doesn’t give a drop down for a choice. In other words, if you have to make any choices before ordering, you might as well forget it. Haven’t tried on the other pages yet, but if they are the same it needs to be fixed if you want any orders! Very disappointed- I shop using this app frequently, but will stop if it’s too frustrating to use.
It doesn’t show up on the up anymore!! I have to go on my computer and use google chrome to be able to see it, but now it’s gone on the app! It was fine 3 days ago now it disappeared
You cannot add items to your baby registry on the iPad version of this app. It works on the iPhone app just fine.
I want to continue searching as I’ve not found what I’m looking for and this amazon app just stops showing me items. Like here witch, these were good enough. If I have to open up a computer? I’ll order from Walmart
Avoid. This version loads very slowly on my recent-generation iPad and iPhone. Shopping from a web browser on the same devise is a much better and faster experience.
First, why can't I buy the books I want via your app. That makes no freaking sense. Just like I can't buy audiobooks through the Audible app. Great job!  This is by far the worst shopping app out there. I can't see previous price points on items with price drops. This app crashes from time to time. You can't exit out of one list and go to another without shutting the app down completely.  Amazon, if you want me to use your app, make it user-friendly. Don't just ignore the negative reviews because you're Amazon. This app is a complete waste of space.  I check my lists everyday for items for price drops I may want to buy. Take this to heart, your app doesn't make this user-friendly. In IOS I set up my lists via Safari so I can just open directly to the set perimeters. Then you screwed that up too (in ALL browsers) and desktop too. Fix your crap. 
Good app but should be able to access Amazon smile
For some reason the idiots “updated the app to look like the web page but without the functionality! Previous version could access the deals or orders directly from a bottom banner—-no more. But the real killer is that they added a glitch that inactivates the option buttons when you want to select a size, Coker or other option. So you have to open the web page to order. 
I was done with my selections, but it would not let me buy it Scrolling down, I saw one ad after another loading. Five minutes later, I gave up and used Safari! After I placed  My order in Safari, I went back to the Amazon Ap, and it was still loading ads!  Search is real slow!  It doesn’t use my charity Amazon version! I can’t find reviews!  I had to use safari to get the specifications.   I’m probably deleting this soon, I’ll give it one more update! 
Everything loads extremely slow or sometimes not at all with this app. If I’m connected to my VPN it will not work at all which I find strange when all my other apps work just fine.
The new App layout is utterly abysmal on iPad, with inconsistent font sizes (often too small), sloooow scrolling, and size/color pull downs that don't work AT ALL. Whiskey Tango, Amazon?! I thought you wanted to sell stuff, but you're actively keeping me from buying with this terrible app. Stop making my stock devalue!
The latest app update for iOS is pretty bad.  It feels like mis understood mobile web experience.  Amazon is amazing .. but your apps are not good.  Prime video is pretty good but the ecommerce app for iOS seems to have suddenly been handed off to a naive dev team that thinks a mobile web experience is ok.  This goes to iOS App Store as well.  This comes from a $200 plus monthly spender on Amazon. Dwayne Crocker 
I liked this app before the last update.  Now it is awful.  I cannot see reviews, prices, or much of anything when I am shopping for merchandise. Also, when I try to buy Kindle books from a Apple device it tells me I cannot make purchases.  😮
This is an edit and an important feature is missing for a while, when you click on your orders you use to be able to see preparing for shipping and not shipped yet and system now also delivered. This was a much better layout then having to click your order then go to details to then only see what you could of by just clicking your orders.  I knew from the beginning that the iPhone app differ slightly from the desktop website, it never bothered me that much until it affected my orders section on the iPhone app. Instead of just clicking once to see the order details I now have to click twice to get to the same place, even when just screening the my orders page is such a pain as it offers no details only when the item is suppose to ship or arrive. I would like to know where the my orders with more detail is. Well it seems now that when you delete the app and reinstall and sign in the my order page with more detail comes back, for how long I don\'t know. This unweary randomness is really annoying, each time you sign in its basically a roll of the dice the way the layout of your orders page will be viewed. 
The app used to be great, now is slow and just constantly “hangs” on product I am looking. It’s become too busy. Amazon I know you want me to buy stuff but if you keep adding “features” for me to save things it’s just too much. Please make it snappy like it used to be. Otherwise I might as well shop at Walmart. Seriously their online portal has been improved. I know you can beat them.
With the latest update the app is more like an iPhone app than an iPad app. It's less usable, more things are hidden. The old layout was MUCH easier to use and navigate.
I love the app aside from the fact that it doesn’t allow you to buy or add Digital Items of any kind to your wish lists. True Support for All Digital Items for mobile device users would be really nice.
Amazon is really good but why it doesn't send things to the iran,it send things to everywhere except iran,that's the only bad point.😭
What happened to the kindle store app? I have kindle store app on my old iPad. Why would you design an app that won’t allow customers to buy kindle books on their iPad? I hate this app. I hate the new kindle app. I’m so angry I cancelled my pending orders to subscribe and save, books   Going to B& N to buy books tomorrow. Had it.
I love using amazon to shop online, and I usually use my mobile device, more specifically, my iPhone to access my account and order. I used to be able to see my prime account from my iPhone app, but I am not able to access it anymore. I really need to be able to, do I can see when the payment will be deducted etc. can you guys put that back please?
First time using the "New and Improved" version... but why blue green???  You should offer color theme option in settings!!
Sometimes looking for things that you may think are in just about any store or not anymore there online.Amazon is uber-cool ever since shopping online was the power move! Pioneers at it. Once searching for a case for my iPhone SE. They had plenty of topnotch Cases an screan protection at Amazons ridiculous prices, Nuff said.
After the latest update, I can no longer use the fingerprint reader to sign in.   Also ... when are you going to create an app for Amazon Smile. 
I opened this app this morning to find the interface less robust-like using it on my phone and not my iPad.  WHY?! I spend a lot of money on Amazon and expect more than the current sub-par iteration of the software installed.  Go back to the previous app or you're losing a customer. 
I do a ton of shopping using my iPad mini 4 via the Amazon shopping app.  The newest version basically makes it impossible for me to continue to do so.  I am not able to choose colors, sizes or number of items.  I can no longer expand the photos of items in order to read the details.  I cannot add items to my wish lists.   Who tested this app before going live with it? That QA dept should be replaced
Ok- not sure what I was looking at this morning. The app was all in blue and difficult to navigate. Now I just went on my app and it’s back to normal. I don’t get it but I hate the version that’s all in blue.  From this morning (blue app): Can’t navigate as easily in previous version. Took me 10 minuets to figure out how to sign out. Really hate how the app is set up. Liked previous version much better. 
Make it so you can’t change what card you are using on the iPad. It’s got the one click pay option when I want to use different cards.
I do not like the new interface without the shortcut icons on the bottom. Also, Why are customer images NOT viewable in the app? 
UPDATE: The new update is much better, as long as I’m not purchasing something that has pull down menu options (size/color etc), because it won’t open the menu. So my options are to either buy whichever color is preselected, as far as clothing or items that have nothing preselected I have to go to the website to make my purchase. I love that customer review images are showing on my iPad now, this is great so I no longer have to use my iPhone to see those. Keep up the improvements and bug fixes. 👍  The newest update has fixed the ability to select options and pull down menus. It is still having issues scrolling through pictures of items, it will show the first image, and then when I scroll sideways to look at other images of the product it just shows a loading symbol and doesn’t load any more images. Otherwise it is working much better. I am really missing the customer review images on the iPad app though. I hate shopping on my iPad, and then having to pull out my iPhone to be able to see the full reviews with any customer uploaded pictures.   Original review: This app has become unusable since the last update. I can’t select options in the pull down menus, it’s extremely slow and doesn’t load properly, I have to use the regular website to order and view items. 
Thank you, thank you, thank you for FINALLY adding a back button that consistently works and goes all the way back through my searches. This was the one thing I needed to make this app close to perfect. Yay!
App works as advertised. Great for looking up for and buying everything you can from the website. My biggest gripe is that the shopping cart gets emptied out between the web and my iPad/iPhone. It’s really annoying to have a list of things in the cart in one place, see the number of items in the cart icon (on my iPad), the see it go to zero when I open the cart on my iPhone. Weird bug - please fix!
I love amazon, and this app is great it has everything you need all in this app
The links in the app don’t allow users to find to information easily.  I want to find how to view or manage my prime subscription and set up notifications before renewal.  The default is to not notify users before the automated renewal.   Making purchases & finding orders— EASY.  Finding needed settings options— TERRIBLE  To find amazon prime option settings I looked under “notifications”, “your account “, “account settings”, “memberships & subscriptions “, “settings”, .... Obviously, I’ve overlooked the link.  I guess I’ll go to my desktop computer to find the link. 
The app disappears off my iPhone 7. I have to download the app every single time I want to use it. A little bit inconvenient. I’ve tried everything including calling Amazon but they couldn’t help me.
All of a sudden the heading of the app changes to a green bar the ability is gone to log in or out. Twice I have deleted it and will not shop on Amazon anylonger
Sort by price when there are 10,000 products, is not an option. Filter by price needs to exist. It is a really easy and simple feature. I will change my rating once I can do this on every search.   Full screen cart for iPad. I don't need little windows to open up and stuff to be super fancy. Sometimes I am trying to compare the cart to wishlist items like I can on a full screen cart, but not in the iPad app.   Allow me to download all of my wishlist and save for later history. There is a reason it was in there and now I have to fire up a computer to buy something. 
Previous app not that great to begin with but workable. Latest update added “fancy” background but made the app worse. Difficult to get info on items including Best pricing and ratings. Seems like the whole idea is to encourage one to make an impulse buy with as little information as possible. Going back to the website on my IPad.
I can’t access the wishlist tray anymore. It’s just gone.  Is it disabled now? Or gone? 
You can have the kindle app on your IPhone. But when you try purchase books for my kindle on the amazon app, it says it unsupported. I have to go to the website to purchase my books. I would rather purchase my book on from amazon as I have a tablet that I use to read at times and I don’t always read from my iPhone unless i am out.
The navigation can be confusing.  Trying to access Baby Registry but couldn’t view items as nothing shows up when selected.  I think app is a bit buggy.
I have tried to purchase a kindle version of textbook into my ipad, but the app doesn’t have “purchase” button. I have to use web version to purchase it and download it into my ipad. It should be updated as the mobile version at least.  The app is way outdated and unfunctional as it’s supposed to be.  I will delete it, anyway!
Hybrid apps consistently offer a slow, brittle, tap-twice-for-everything experience and Amazon is no different, despite having more than enough cash for native. Good game nice hustle
Since the latest update on my tablet, I can’t choose any options on the lightening deals. Won’t let me choose size, or color, or ??? Can’t shop like that.
It looks like a stretched-out version of the iPhone layout. Pictures are now tiny which makes things harder to see. Reminds me of the Jet.com app layout - bare and tons of white space. Ebert and Roper give it two thumbs way down.  Edit/update: I’m now getting screens that appear to be nothing more than a frame around the browser version of the Amazon web page. This is amateur hour. 
I’ve tried tons of similar apps to buy, but I’ve never found the same prices, the variety and the security that Amazon gave me!
It’s missing or I’m guessing you all took away the browser history selection on your newest update on the iPad
I would really like to see somewhere to delete orders. Archiving items still makes it so that it’s on your account, I’d really like to see a way to delete items.
I use an Amazon Teen account, which can only be signed into through the app.  I purchased a digital copy of a game, except there’s no way to access the code for the game on the app; it can only be accessed on the computer. Either make the game library accessible on the app or make teen accounts able to be signed into on other devices. There isn’t even a good reason for teen accounts to only be able to sign in on the app. It just makes it more difficult for people to use their accounts
We can no longer logout of the app? Why?? If you want to stay logged in, fine, but why did you remove the ability to logout?!? I have 2 accounts, for different purposes. Please restore the ability to logout. If it's still there, I can't find it
Unable to find my kids amazon list as it says i need to update the app, which it is up to date. Quite annoying when you are shopping for gifts.
Guessing this is from the most recent update but if I go to open my wish list it tells me it's not available in this version and wants me to update and gives me a link to do so but only option in the App Store is to open the app. I uninstalled the app and reloaded it and still have the same issue. Please fix as I use my lists very often!!!
I use your services a lot!  Appreciate the business.  With that said, I am indeed having some issues.  You make it extremely difficult to purchase books.  For no reason that I can find an answer to, you will only show the “free” option for audio and kindle on the mobile apps when using the amazon app.  In addition, I do not see the pricing options in the apps.  Extremely confusing!!!!  I can go online to the web via the same mobile device and find the actual pricing of the book.  Listen, sometimes, I just want to know the price.   Please do not make it a forced option for customers to see the price by only signing up on the mobile app!!!  You want customers to find value and know that when a customer joins, they truly will be using the services.  Also, when sharing via a product, pls add an option to view via web. 
Very Annoyed that it is virtually impossible to cancel digital orders with a mobile device.  Not very user friendly in this regard.  😡
This app keeps using up substantial chunks of my my battery with background activity, even though I have background app refresh turned off for this app. Checked with Apple support and they said it absolutely should not be doing that.  What’s up with that??
I want to use the app to purchase through the Amazon Smile program, but that’s not available. Why not make the app work with Amazon Smile?
Amazon makes my life easy and saves me a lot of time. I prefer to shop via Amazon!  Cheers! 
Just updated the app. Saved an item to a list. Didn’t give me an option of what list to add it to. Tried to view list. Told me my app was out of date and needed an update. Follow the link to the App Store and guess what? I have the latest app! Ever heard of QA? Perhaps less time on finding a second HQ and more time testing your app.
Was a great app. With prime I use my iPhone to order but since the updates keep getting order errors and it doesnt complete the checkout and end up loosing the lighting deal
Why is this so much worse on the iPad. It’s unresponsive. Features do not work such as “share”. Just in general poorly executed.
Overall, the amazon app is fine. It functions as you’d expect: you can buy things from amazon with ease. However, it is missing a LOT of what is available on the amazon app for your phone. There is no support for amazon fresh in the tablet version, and there is limited support for other amazon programs. Alexa voice capabilities are not supported in this version of the app. The app is also in need of a visual/UX overhaul, as the design is dated and the UX is not the most intuitive.
Other than the tray at the bottom constantly popping up & I have to choose hide, I love this app. It has been extremely convenient for me.
This app used to work flawlessly, but I’m not sure what’s changed recently. Most of the screen seems unresponsive at times (especially the back button). The app shows the ability to sort the reviews, but you can’t actually see the option on the screen to a choose it. If you choose to see only “verified purchases” the images are off screen. C’mon Amazon. Get it together. You’re a big company. How do you not have someone actually testing this app for functionality?
A better and faster interface is needed, I don’t have the luxury of a laptop as of now, and when I tried buying a book, I noticed how slow it was, and it caused me to panic when I thought I bought multiple copies of the book, it ended up taking my money when I didn’t want all the books, but other than that, If it were a bit faster and easier to understand the app would be much more useful, as the site.
Amazon is great but the app is terrible. Freezes frequently and just plain quits working on a regular basis. I’ll be looking at an item and the app’s back button won’t work so I have to go to the home page and start my search over. Last night was trying to submit a return and it got stuck scrolling down the page. Just annoying glitches considering I regularly update the app, often times have to delete it and re-download it.
Used to love it for scanning books but now the scanner has expanded to include products and the scan search gives tons of irrelevant products. If I scan a book, I am looking for that book. Not all books have a barcode so the barcode scanning doesn’t help. Wish I could go back to the prior version.
I can’t view the product pages using the app. When I click on the links, I get nothing but a flashing white page that never loads. I have to remember to open the amazon.com site in Safari to view product pages. I keep hoping they’ll fix this, but it’s been ages now. I have an iPhone 6s and am current on all updates.
( jan 19 2018 ) - initial review: I will immediately update this review to a five star review , once items below are fixed, or at least responded to (or addressed) :  1a- (most important) - We need to be able to search reviews on the app. Only having this functionality in the web version is a palling after this after the app has been out this long (and with this if you updates in terms of frequency)  1b- (2nd most important) -  ADD LANDSCAPE MODE/ orientation!!!  1c- (3rd most important) -  overall (web+app) WHEN YOU CHNAGE OPTIONS FOR AN ITEM, ONLY AHOW REVIEWS FOR THAT SPECIFIC ITEM!  Example; let’s say a pair of pliers have two options you can choose, 8 inch for $10, or 14 inch for $21-depending on which option you choose only show reviews relevant to that option chosen. Many items will have lots of options which totally change the product, but when you click to read the reviews, (which are all which apply to all options) the reviews won’t even make sense or everyone is trying to give two stars to the 14 inch pliers but five stars to the 8 inch pliers and it’s impossible to tell which reviews apply to which option. (also sellers use this bug to boost up their review count or even worse, slip in a trash item/“options” of an item that already has high reviews , thus it looks like the high reviews apply to that trash item/option as well..)  1- Amazon needs to add a app “Feedback/suggestions” option, like 90% of other apps/services have built-in.  This way amazons “valued” users can provide constructive feedback based on real world experience/usage. This will also allow the developers to gather system logs or screenshots if users cheese just submit those in their feedback. This of course is if Amazon even cares about making this app better or listening to its customers. I’m not sure if they do or don’t.  However it’s pretty indicative of their position that app feedback has never been in the app, ever.  2- Needs to have better “share this item” icons/functionality/visibility in the app. Currently it’s a tiny little icon midway through a product page, and it’s very hard to spot and it’s functionality is poor once you tap it.  3-  there needs to be an alert me button/field where you can receive an email alert once an out of stock or unavailable item , again becomes available. This should apply to any and all items that are un-available or out of stock,. On the web version of Amazon.com *some* (few) unavailable items will give you this option, every unavailable or out of stock item should give you this option, and it must be also on the app (as of now it is totally missing from the Amazon app).  4- contact support; there needs to be the option to send a message/email/ticket to Amazon customer support in regards to an item, the only options currently our chat or receive a call back. Both of these options occupy much more time then a user may want to dedicate to resolving an issue, as opposed to being able to send an email/message/ticket to support which may take one to three minutes and you are done.  5- I like the recently added wish list at the bottom of app, that you can drag items to, however there needs to be A way you can lock that wish list so that it never changes (i.e. the list at the bottom of the app never changes unles you specifically unlock it or manually change it yourself). Often times the wish list at the bottom of the app will change or switch to another wish list I have and it takes me a while to find the wish list I was using previously as I have many (very frustrating).   (Or another option/solution, would be an iOS/app specific wish list that appears on the web also, but that you can lock as always being the wish list at the bottom of the app)  6- any and all functions or options that are available in the full blown web version of Amazon.com, on a desktop PC, should be available in the app in some form or another.  While there are several examples, one example is the lack of the ability to modify your address book within the app. ****  It is important that we app users demand more from apps and their developers, and STOP blindly throwing out five star reviews!  (except for truly exemplary apps, or when there is active weekly or monthly updates/development on the app). Users need to demand more from apps, and stop defaulting to a 5 or 4 star reviews.  These are large companies with dedicated development teams behind their app, they must learn to respect / respond to user feedback and update their app in a timely and consistent matter, based on user feedback.  We the users are the *sole* reason these companies and apps are so valuable ($), and this the developers/team should treat us accordingly and fair.  Again, I will * immediately * update this review to a five star one once these issues are fixed/addressed/reply to (I check and read app updates/change logs multiple times a week).  I will also timestamp any new review updates, and will never delete or modify prior review updates.   Thanks! 
Hi, when using this app does my charity of choice still get a portion of proceeds from my purchase or do I need to continue making purchases through the website instead? Thanks! 
It would really help to have another app open for reference while shopping. Product detail and descriptions aren't always the best on amazon. Seems like a straightforward update.
add support for smart invert colors.
I still love Amazon as a company, but they are messing up this app. I absolutely hate that they have video ads now with no option to turn off for use on cellular data. Cause I really wanna give Verizon even more money hitting data overages because I simply scrolled into a crappy ad where they dip a tube shaped cookie into some third rate Amazon-wanna-be Nutella. Yeah that’s just great. Thanks. Oh and for all the new bugs too. Thanks.
I want to Eliminate/disable 3rd party purchases! They never come in correctly, they are always broken or improperly packaged! To make it worse they never take anything back or they take forever to process a return! Please give me the option to get rid of 3rd party purchases! Also! Pictures illuminating fabric cut and style would be great!
I use this all the time on an iPad and iPhone because I have Prime. Problems I’ve noticed on the iPhone & iPad are while reading reviews you will keep reading repeat reviews because it loops back & you’ll question your sanity as well as waste your time. Another, on the iPad app you can’t see customer photos which makes reviews less helpful, but you can see them on the iPhone, so I have to open up my iPhone if I really want to see customer photos. It’s been a long time and I’ve updated these apps any times, but never an improvement to those issues. I would love this app if you could fix those bugs. I also don’t care for the item drop wishlist, I find it more annoying that I have to click it away after accidentally pressing something for too long.
When I add items to cart quantity doesn’t show on top right hand corner. I’m also not able to turn off history.
Great product worked well as predicted  Video was very helpful to put together! Thank you 
Doesn’t show review pics on my iPad.
The shopping could be much more user friendly. The email is atrocious. I can’t even delete an email and there is no real way to sort decently. The search’s throw in random items and even general searches are way off base much of time. Unless you know exactly what is the name of the product. The filters are oddly specific and yet completely unhelpful. Categories need work.   That being said- I can find many things here and it helps reduce my shopping time. Instead of ten stores, I go to one. My products are reliably delivered for free, my car syncs to their music channel, their video has a decent selection and Alexa comes in very handy. So... pretty good overall. 
I come to amazon for 2 things:  1. Fast shipping 2. Customer reviews  It really irritates me that I can't seem to view any customer/reviewer images from the app. I rely on this for certain items because we all know that often enough the actual product looks a bit different from the stock photos. This helps me, as a consumer, to make the best decision and would likely result in fewer returns in general for all buyers if we can see the actual product. This appears to only be an issue with the iPad app as I can view pictures on my iPhone.  Another thing that really bothers me is not being able to search/filter reviews to certain words I want to search for. I like being able to search reviews to see if anyone has left a comparison to another product that I'm familiar with. I can't do this on either the iPad or iPhone version. I'm only able to search the website. 
Glitches and bugs are fixed quickly by a responsive development team, which I appreciate. App makes it easy to browse, purchase, and track orders.
I have to go to my iPhone or computer see the pictures in the reviews if I’m on my iPad.
Missing Account Switcher (Web App has). UPC scan hopelessly broken, formerly best in class. Walmart app has far surpassed it in speed and accuracy. Having to use ShopSavvy to scan UPC to find Amazon listings. Bring back good UPC scanning. 
I love amazon and have prime but for some reason on my iPad I can’t see the photos people uploaded to review products.
I often find myself struggling to find the Amazon warehouse deals section on the mobile app especially when I can’t navigate to a certain section mainly automotive. Please add a way to either filter to it or similar functionality to access available in full site.
Images and text are constantly getting misaligned and the app freezes a ton.
Why not a version that works with your Amazon Smile account?  I won't use the app until it supports Amazon Smile
I am unable to purchase kindle books from the amazon app on my iPad. I have to use my web browser/amazon.com to do this.
This app has too many so called features. This makes the app unwieldy, harder to navigate, and confusing.  My suggestion is to cleanup the reading interface by moving choices to one page accessible through the home screen. This would make READING the simple action it should be; select a book, open the book, read the page, turn to another page. 
Putting that annoying wish list bar and stealing my screen real estate is dispicable. It also breaks some top menu stuff and video play on products.  It basically locks the app at times.  And your latest \"update\" shows how clueless you are. Fix the top menu freeze caused by the wishlist space stealer or remove the space stealer?    I don\'t want it there but I can\'t turn it off? You say you want to be cutting edge customer focus? Get rid of that stupid wish list. Wish list is for others to look at, not me, and not constantly.   If I delete everything on my wish list does it go away? Going to try that next time I swallow my bile enough to open this app. This annoying app that now I have to restart again and again because the wish list bar locks it up.  Did you ever stop to consider that we hide menus under the hamburger menu for a reason? Because most of the time we don\'t interface with the wishlist or the blah or the blah. It helps reduce cognitive load. This is not good user interface or user experience.   You need to seriously question the motives and intelligence of the person who championed this \"feature\" and foisted it upon us.    You should also remove that bottom bar. 
Recent feature: whenever is scroll down in my Shopping Cart into my Saved Items and App has to load more data, it Doubles up every item in my cart. (Just a display issue because doesn't show them doubled up on laptop.)   And then when I scroll down more to load more items it Triples every item in my cart.  Due to this I'm not seeing any more items just more of the same.    Wish I could add a screenshot to this review. 
Doesn’t even support swiping from the screen’s edge to go forward and back. Cheap, undeveloped trash!
This app has a lot going for it. But it has an obvious flaw for those of us who have signed up for the AmazonSmile program.  The app can’t be used with placing orders under that program. Even the web add-on in the Firefox 57+ browser allows orders through Amazon Smile, but not this app. It can’t be the hard to remedy without have to switch over to a browser to order through that program. 
iPhone app is fine, but on iPad this is a dumpster fire
can you guys please add an archive option for your amazon app on mobile
Thanks for fixing the toolbar bug. This is a great app, now the only improvement I would suggest is the ability to link to a smile charity through the app instead of having to use the website.
It's frustrating that I can't place orders using the Amazon app that benefit my chosen Amazon Smile organization. Amazon should add full Smile support for their mobile app so that users can do all the needed Smile related functions (including setting up Smile for the first time).
Where are the customer images like they are in the Android version? This app feels as though it is in early development.
*** Quickly fixed and much appreciated since I buy just about everything on Amazon. But I’d still like to know why on the iPad you can’t see pictures that people post. You have to use your phone or go thru the web to see them...   Newest update disabled being able to search. I can only use the web so it completely takes away the point of having an app. This is seriously the most frustrating thing ever!!!!! 😡😡😡   Also, with an iPad whyyyyyy can’t we see user pictures that they’ve posted? Can you fix that as well??? 
Only complaint now is the list tray... with limited real estate on the screen this idea seems better suited for desktop or tablet versions of the app. I know there is an option to hide it but it always seems to come back.
Sure could use the millions of dollars this company just rewarded individuals that are knowingly break our laws. Bye Amazon
My 2nd gen 12.9 in iPad Pro does not work with this buggy garbage. You can't scroll size lists for products. No access to the same menu functions as the phone app. Horrible experience.
Works okay but leaves a lot of room for improvement. The whole thing is just specially formatted web pages rather than elements contained within the app itself, resulting in things like navigating being more “history” based like a browser.  Needs a complete rethink. 
Issues, buggy. What is happening to this Amazon app?  Use to be good but has been crap lately.
The app for the iPad needs the same level of quality updates the phone version does. The interface is outdated and has less functionality than the web version. If it’s possible to fit that information on the web version, then it’s possible to make an iPad friendly version that has the modern look of the iPhone app.
I wish there was a dark theme likely they have in the audible app so I could have my screen brightness on high to see the products clearly and not be blinded by all of the white in the background.
I’m not sure when these issues started happening. I’ve always enjoyed using the app to shop and research products on the go. Lately though, I can’t stay logged in, I can’t make purchases, and the stupid tray pops up every time I add something to a wish list. For the love of god, stop trying to add so much!! Every time there’s an “update” I think the issues will be resolved, but instead there’s another new feature. Annoying!!!!
This is usually a great app, but the back arrow is not working. It will not allow me to return to the screen with all of my search results. I hope this can be remedied soon.
Good job. Don’t you have people to test and make sure you can at least use the search feature before rolling out an update?
As soon as I updated my Amazon app on IOS to 11.01.0 it locks up and becomes unresponsive as soon as you complete any task. You check your account.....unresponsive, search for something.....unresponsive. I “loved” the app and have used it for years without issue on this device.....please research and fix it.
Can't figure out why that would be hard. Kind of makes the app a whole lot less useful.  Update: this app gets worse and worse. Not optimized for iPhone X. Can’t use top navigation. It’s just terrible 
I’ve used this app for a long time but suddenly the buttons on the top (the Go back, search, and shopping cart buttons) only work sometimes. It’s really frustrating. I’m trying to buy stuff but it’s hindering my shopping experience.
Since the update to app on 1/12/18 the search doesn’t work one you have done one search and the display list doesn’t work either. A list shows when I click on list.  But when I click on show all lists it does nothing.  Can’t access all the lists.  Extremely frustrating!  I am having to use my computer to use Amazon.
I shop Amazon daily - whether it’s for actual purchases or just shopping around for prices and reviews, making wishlists, etc. I almost exclusively use this app when browsing/buying from Amazon. Lately with each update, it is more and more glitchy. With the last update, the app didn’t respond to any of my touches - particularly the search bar. I couldn’t type anything.  I deleted and reinstalled, and it is only slightly better. I can shop a little before it stops responding. But hard closing and reopening over and over is beyond frustrating. For some reason the ipad app (on my somewhat ancient iPad mini 2 - works like a dream still - so what gives with the phone version of the app???)  Amazon, I have loved you and been one of your biggest fans for years - but lately the way the app works, the searches function, the VAST amount of 3rd party sellers (of very questionable quality and that mean fewer things ship Prime), and your customer service - I am disappointed in the direction you have headed. Please get back to the Amazon we all knew and loved - your progress should not make you a worse company. But... it seems to be doing exactly that.  I wholeheartedly agree with the reviewer who said: make an option to disable the wishlist tray permanently.  I use the wishlist feature but hate the tray taking up space on my phone - and having to always worry about weird things accidentally getting added to my wishlists because I held my hand too long in one spot of the screen while I was distracted with something else.  Make the app more customize-able for happier end users.  For reference, I am using a 128 gb iPhone 6+, updated to the most current iOS as of this morning. I have 2/3rds of the space free on my phone. 
Not sure what it is but when my VPN is on the app crawls to a halt. Loading pages and time out errors. Turn off the VPN and it goes back to normal. Makes the app virtually unusable for me
Since using this app for my baby registry, I’ve discovered tons of issues. I often can’t click on items in my registry (it doesn’t display sizes selected and I have to go to the item each time to remind myself what I’ve registered for) and have to minimize it, wait a few minutes, and try again. When I do manage to click on an item on my registry, the back button takes me back to all of my lists, not my registry. Recently I can’t even access my registry at all and have to go through Safari. I try to click on my lists but it’s like there is no link. Nothing happens.
The app works fine, but there are some features missing from the iPad version of this app. There’s no way to view “Interesting Finds” like on the iPhone and web browser, unless it’s just really convoluted and I can’t figure it out. Also no way to view pictures that people have posted in reviews of products? Small issues, but they force me to browse on my smaller iPhone when I want to browse on my iPad.
I love this app but since the last update I have trouble with the back button. It’s so frustrating.
Can not go back or any where else. App freezes when you use it. This is the second time I had to uninstall and wait for improvements.  Again I will remove the app and go to my browser to use amazon. The app is zero benefit I don’t plan on using again 
Amazon is a safe haven. It has mostly been updating for the better which I’m surprised despite how old Amazon and this app, themselves are! The only thing that has been bothering me for quite sometime is that the number of items you have on your wishlist can appear and sometime it isn’t. I’m not picky but if I was going to save some memory unit, I would have to know for sure how much stuff I have all together on my wishlist. Counting does work but if I loose count somehow, it can take a lot of time and effort.
The app won’t allow me to search after the last update.
I’m not able to use my search option with the new update, or any actions, for that matter!  Makes it pretty hard to shop!
I cannot access my wish lists. The first list might come up but then the "see all lists" button doesn't work. I can't get to my book list! Dude, do not mess with my books. Ever.    Horrible browsing due to wish tray. How many times do I have to hide the stupid thing? Just because I add an item doesn't mean I want the whole stupid tray back up! Give it to Waldo so it can get lost!      Second, last night I couldn't even change pages if the tray was up. (& it's up all the time) I'd save an item then hit the go back & would go no where. Took me a minute to figure out I had to hide the tray before being able to navigate. What's next for an update? Invisible secret decoder rings?    I'm annoyed because I have to repeatedly turn off & clear browsing history.    Would love if off actually meant off! The enthusiasm of the save tray is obscene. Make it stop. 
Here’s an “Amazon Review!” The top portion of the latest app is not working with the latest version of iOS!!!!
This app is very user friendly and has a ton of functionality. There is obviously room to improve with everything, but I have zero complaints as is!
It’s very glitchy, and a little disorganized. Not very user-friendly, and there’s a ton of fake reviews on a lot of products. I recommend people to visit websites like Fakespot to determine if reviews are deceitful or not. Lastly, Amazon should have no excuse for their mobile app to be this bad if they are one of the richest companies in the world.
I have found this app to be versatile and useful, and I use it extensively for account-related functions and shopping, but I WILL NOT place orders with this app unless and until it syncs with my Amazon Smile settings.
First I love(ed) this app for it's great design and ease of use. I have a few problems: 1-if I use the app I don't get the Amazon Smile benefit of automatic donations to the charity of my choice. I make enough purchases for this to be significant.  2-from the beginning I have not been able to buy streaming videos via the app. It's frustrating to have to switch over to the website to buy these videos.  3-ever since the latest update there have been numerous bugs!! It's insane, the app is basically unusable. If I select a product to read the details I can no longer use the menus, back, home or search buttons. The only way around this is to close out the app and start my search over which makes comparison shopping basically impossible.  Before these bugs I would have given the app four stars as the other two issues are nuisances only. 
Love the ease of use and products and prices
Amazon is good but it would be great if they had a Amazon garage app for cars and trucks
The last few versions of the Amazon app have become progressively worse. From losing the barcode search history to constant freezes and required resetting of the app to Cart - Save For Later scrolling issues and embedded links becoming suddenly “unclickalcle.”  As good as I remember the app being when I first starting using it, that’s how bad it’s become. It’s less troublesome and just as timely for me to go to my desktop or laptop and go to the website (which has its own issues) to shop. I really wish Amazon would get its s**t together on this app thing. Little things like your app being functional and software versions being ready for distribution do matter. 
Now the back button in the app does not work on my IPhone 7 Plus and the app freezes!! Fix it!! Was working perfectly before the last update! I’m a prime customer and I like being able to shop from my iPhone!
Sick of the stupid List Tray showing up on  the app it’s not useful and I don’t want it! Add option to turn it off! I already give amazon way too much personal information
So everything is going mobile. Everything. But you are going to tell me the only way to support my Favorite charity when I shop at Amazon through the Amazon smile program is on my desktop? No option on the iOS app!!!! Seriously??? I budget on my phone. I bank in my phone. I visually renovate homes on my phone. I email my elected officials on my phone. I rarely use my desktop anymore. So cmon Amazon. Get with it and support Amazon Smile on iOS or create a new app. This is just plain wrong. Or lazy?
I love the app but the only thing i wish we could do is change the color at the top. Otherwise dam near perfect
No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click.
It’s not as good as the website of course but it is faster if you mostly know what you want.  I would like to see an option to make the text bigger.
Why in God's name, after all this time, can I still not see photos attached to reviews??? This is easy on the phone, more difficult on the laptop, and non-existent on on iPad. Come on. You've had enough time!!
Cannot find ANYTHING about international shopping like the app description states.   Click on “what”????    I want to use it for international shopping but that feature is too well hidden. 
Good app, very functional, I like it. The BIG strike is that it does not support amazon smile. I want my purchases to help the organization I support and this requires logging into the website. This needs to be fixed, else it just looks like Amazon doesn’t actually want to support smile charities if it doesn’t have to.
But please make it easier to find your wishlists...
Ads begin to auto play and stop music when scrolling through the home page!!  I don’t need ads to auto play or ads in general. I know what I want when I go to amazon! 
I can’t believe after all these years apps original to the app markets would be this problematic. First I cannot get the reviews to switch from top reviews, which are almost 3 years old and no longer relevant to latest reviews. I have also noticed glitches in the account end. Alexa needs a rest try going back to basics.
It would be nice if we could support selected charities from the app instead of the website. I suppose I could delete the app and bookmark the page I want to use.
App itself is generally fine, gets the job done.   But the buzz notification for adding items to your cart IS THE WORST.  Please add an off switch.  I despise apps that make my phone buzz when I’m using it. 
No way to use Amazon smile.  Lists do not scroll properly.  Not all functions on the web are available in-app.  Lots of nits for an app that amazon wants to make central to your life.
Use this app all the time for shopping but why do you make me pull up the site in a browser to buy a Kindle book and only give me the option to download a sample on the app?  Took me trying the app on iPad, iPhone and then Chrome to finally figure that out.  Wasted about 15 min of my time.  If you’d fix that I’d give you 5 *s...
It just says sorry try later like com on bro joust want to see my garage
The iPhone amazon app has customer pictures but the iPad don’t! Very much needed
The thing that separated the app from the website was the simplicity and the shortcuts the app provided, specially the convenience of having your lists on a left side grid, that though it might've seem intrusive while viewing any particular product, it gave us the option of glancing back at the rest of list without having to reload it by going back and forth. I expect a lot more from the biggest e-commerce company in the world, including the best app.
Amazon - please make an app for Smile !!!
👎 this product need more knowledge and work to it.  It needs more varieties of things also
Love the app, but I wish it would connect to the Amazon Smile link so that I can also help others while making a purchase. Every little bit counts.
Every time this app gets updated something goes wrong. The latest version won’t let me log in. I can log in on the website so I know I’m using the right password. So frustrating and annoying  Also please restore the option to filter your wishlist for items with price drops. I buy a lot more when I can find the sale items
By apps like whisper.  Makes me want to delete them all.
I absolutely adore amazon. I shop here as much as I shop at Target or Walmart. I am an amazon prime member as well. I have this app on my phone and iPad but for some reason when I view a product on my iPad I can only read reviews, I can’t see the photos from the reviews which REALLY bothers me because I am the kind of person who relies on reviews to motivate me to purchase an item. So for me, what’s the point of having this app on my iPad if I can’t even see review photos? I buy furniture, pet items, household items, and more from amazon. So I would really appreciate this issue being solved.
I read reviews and rely on customer images. My iPhone allows me to view customer images, but the Amazon app for my iPad does not. It’s driving me crazy!
I have updated, deleted, reinstalled ———repeatedly. I have to use web browser. Prime customer not happy!!!!!
BUG - I’ve used the Amazon Application for a long time on previous iPhones. Since the latest update or at least the version for the iPhone X copying the shipping tracking number needs to be fixed.   Trying to press and hold the tracking number doesn’t highlight the tracking number so you know you’re copying the correct information. You can copy it by press and holding just above the tracking number and hoping you’ve copied the right thing. 
The app constantly crashes when I’m in the midst of adding items within Amazon Fresh
If I wanted dash buttons, I would purchase one. I don’t need dash buttons built into the app- if you must add dash buttons in the app. At least give me an option to disable your gimmicks. Thanks.
Easily one of the worst apps I have used, never works and just redirects to the web site, if you like opening apps that say error please try again, then this is the app for you
I find all of amazon apps to be confusing and difficult to use. I can usually figure it out but it takes much more time and energy than I would like it to.  For example , I’m trying to purchase a kindle book. I can’t get it from the kindle app. I have to sign into my Amazon account. Then I’ll find the book I want and it will tell me it can’t be purchased through this device.  I wanted to purchase an Audible selection. I found the one I wanted and it said I didn’t have my credit card info. I signed into my amazon app and I can’t find where to enter it.  Lastly, I was charged for one of my paid apps on the Firestick.  I wanted to go into amazon to double check which one I was charged for. (I have another person in my house who tries to add apps without permission) i couldn’t go in through my phone. I had to go into the section on the TV.   I just don’t find it very user friendly. 
- Can’t see Customer images from reviews  - Can’t see Fresh orders or shop on Fresh - Shopping Cart is not what it should be - Often you can’t go back to a Search you just did  Mobile website looks and works much better 
You can get everything there’s nothing you can’t get great prices shipping always fast I️ got everything on amazon
New ads take audio focus of device, pausing Music/Pods as you scroll past... Very annoying!!
It opens your amazon app only to take you to amazon.com on safari.
App feels super dated on iPad which I guess isn’t that big a deal for a shopping app. It’s functional- but what really bothers me is that you can’t see pictures customers upload as part of their review. This pictures are more influential to my buying decision than the product photos. I’ll be sticking with the webpage until this feature is added to the app.
I love amazon and the iPhone app is great. The iPad app however seems to be stuck in the dark ages. Really need an update to make it more inline with the iPhone app
I want to like it but it constantly says it’s not connected to the internet. My phone is always connected to the internet so riddle me that. So then I just go to amazons website and it works fine. For such a large and expansive corporation, this amazon app is disappointing. To echo another reviewer about reminders of previous items popping up is a problem. If I search for an item of a personal nature at home then access amazon at work to order things for students, up pops what I looked at at home. Hope the app improves soon but until then, 1 star.
There’s no reason to use an app when the website has better functionality. Per amazon’s own investor statements, the point of the app is to reduce the likelihood that consumers will shop for the same items on other sites. Hard pass.   This app makes shopping on amazon slightly harder than the web version, so why go through extra effort to have a worse experience? 
I can browse lately but mobile apps on phone & iPad not letting me order and often can’t access my lists. Pretty useless & forcing me to shop less since I’ve had to do all the actual ordering from laptop.
It NEEDS an Apple Watch companion. I have begged amazon over the phone to PLEASE make an amazon app, music app, and an audible app for the Apple Watch.
Love this app and use it all the time. Would give it 5 stars if I could buy ebooks for my kindle with it. Amazon, please add that functionality.
This will not let me place an order. I have to do it through safari. What’s the point of this app now??  Update: I reinstalled the app and everything worked and orders work again. Thank You to the reviews which I should have looked at first. 
How can i get Amazon Smile on the app?  I am always having to use the web.
I would give this app 5 stars if 2 annoying things were fixed.  1. Let me buy Kindle books through the app 2. Until you let me buy Kindle books through the app, or give me a link to the website to purchase it, PLEASE let me open the full website in my browser without redirecting me to the freaking app!!!! 
I absolutely loved using this app. The interface is nicely arranged and easy to navigate. I like how the seamless transition from hyperlink in safari goes directly to opening the app. It’s a nice feature.
I got this app just so I could downloads books for my kindle. But you can’t download books from the app?? Since I use amazon basically just to buy books, this is very frustrating.
Amazon has anything and everything you need, even the things you don’t even need nor want!  You can track packages now and that’s awesome so now I know there’s no problems and I can see what dates it’ll come in! It’s definitely worthy of 5 stars!
The iPhone app let's you access account info, but the iPad app doesn't. That didn't make sense to me, and since I've had so many GREAT experiences with Amazon, I thought maybe I was just missing it, so I reached out to Amazon, and after a lengthy back-and-forth, they could neither confirm nor deny that this feature was part of the Amazon app, they just told me if I couldn't find it on my own, it might not be part of the app.   Sad! 
The app on my iPhone and iPad do not give me the option to purchase only download a sample.  Amazon customer service has not been able to solve my problem.  I can purchase and download from my MacBook with no problem.
At first I thought this app was nice but now after spending five minutes of my day getting frustrated trying to get it to multi-task I have learned that it was poorly designed and Amazon clearly thinks they are special by not allowing users to split screen the app intentionally.  Are they afraid people will split screen with Safari or other browsers to price compare and buy elsewhere?  I cannot think of any other reason for now allowing this feature.    Amazon....Fix the app and enable the features that people expect on an iPad. 
Why Am I Paying For Prime If Your Still Going To Flood My App With Add(s) Some Adds Are Now Autoplay Videos. Not Okay. I Can Understand To Show Adds To Regular Non Prime Members. But Don’t Penny Pitch On Your Loyal Prime Customers. 
I downloaded it but I have to come to the App Store to open it. It didn’t download an icon
The app is great and I buy everything through here but what happened to the option for smile.amazon?  I purchase many items thinking my charity is going to get its donation but your app has no link only through the website. Extremely misleading!  Please adjust...St. Jude’s Children are worthy of my donation and would like to continue. #savethechildren 
Amazon is SCAM . I paid for overnight shipping but took 4 days to get my stuff delivered.
I couldn’t find a way to access Amazon Smile through my app, which is super disappointing. I love that feature of Amazon and I will just have to shop via browser unless this issue is corrected.
Dear Amazon! My iPhone knows that you are digging deep to get users data and from TV app also. So I am watching movies but internet is dropping every 15 min for two reasons one it takes lot of data to stream TV but if that was the case then YouTube and Netflix could also drag Wi-Fi speed but that doesn’t happen so another possibility is that you guys are just digging in for data and that’s the reason Wi-Fi is slowing down. Whether digging of the data is anonymously or privacy violence but it is indeed doing it and that is making a very bitter experience of streaming movies on the Samsung TV app. Now either you can blame it on Samsung TV software itself which might be possible as they do so. But in all this what we on user end experiencing is terrible suffering while watching a movie. I have no idea and by any means I cannot get any idea who the culprit to give this bitter experience of watching TV with this dropping internet connection. I hope if its your end then it will get well soon or if it is Samsung TV then hope they will also get well soon. 
FYI.. prime customer for years, and have bought $thousands in products ..but I HATE THIS NEW APP CHECKOUT CART!    I just want to check-out!!!!!  I don’t need to see my wishlist or previously purchased lists completely!   Minimize that crap and give me suggestions if you must.. but tone this endless page of crap down!! 
Decent app. Please enable use with Apple Watch. I’d love to be able to receive notifications, updates and stream music
Are you serious? You have an entirely separate cart for rentals and no button to immediately access it. I’ve only been able to find it on my computer.
I had to turn them off even though I wanted notifications of orders placed, because my phone won’t stop vibrating to let me know products I never use are on sale. I’m a frequent customer, Amazon, stop p***ing me off.
Love that I can shop Amazon, but am annoyed at the needless bells and whistles. For example, my phone vibrates every time I add something to my cart... how is that remotely necessary? At least make it an option that can be disabled.
I don’t understand why I can’t purchase a kindle book in this app on my iPhone. I have to go out of the app and go to the full site in order to purchase a title. I can download a sample but not purchase it.
I’m fine with the way the app is set up, BUT one of my most used features when shopping on Amazon is checking the photos in reviews to see real life images of the products. The app hasn’t allowed me to do this on my iPad Pro for some time now, so I mostly have to use the browser version of the site anyway. Is this feature coming back to the app or should I just delete it? Frustrated.
Good app, but those automatic videos are a big no for me, will give 4 stars if changed. Love Amazon
Shopping using the Amazon app is very slow. It always seems to be buffering to open even it’s own selections! Using the app is very counter-intuitive.  It is also very targeted to my previous purchases. When it’s not focusing on my previous purchases, it seems focused on their own deals and things that are pretty far out. I Shop on Amazon almost exclusively and I very rarely use the app
Transforms my shopping experience into a fuc. Ng nightmareeeeeee!!!!!!!’
So far so good. 👍I have amazon prime and I swear this app gives me life!!i love everything about this app and they make sure that it arrives on time! This is the best shopping app ever and I’m addicted!
So now if I’m listening to music and scroll past an auto playing video ad, it stops my music?!? This is garbage and needs to be removed. I will refuse to buy any product that puts an ad out like this.
The app is easy to use and has lots of great features, including price comparison.  However, it is not compatible with the Amazon Smile program, where 1/2 of a percent of my purchase goes to my favorite charity, Institute for Justice.  I have to add everything to my basket and then order through my browser.  It’s a small donation to a great organization Amazon, make it apply to ALL of my purchases regardless of the platform I order on!
Gift options only work every now and then. The cart is always jacking up. Address section will not stay updated and it sent my stuff to an old address I had removed. 1 out of every 3 uses this clunky app messes up. Not worth the “ease”.
Your app is ok. The wishlist tray needs to go away.   But I want to leave feedback on Amazon... I can’t do it on the website, I can’t do it in the app, I called once and they say d they took my feedback and would enter it in their system for management. I asked do a copy... but that is against policy.   So we, as consumers:  1. have no voice over 3rd parties 2. Can’t complain against Amazon  3. Have to watch bots buy up new releases and then resell for 3-5 times the price (I’m pretty sure Amazon is getting kickbacks) 4. But... the people you do actually talk to are nice. 
Autoplay Video takes over Audio. Cannot use while listening to anything else.
When I go to the website it routes me to the app no matter what and your app is completely garbage!  I can’t change payment options I can’t change shipping speeds I can’t get the amazon prime notification about streaming and music to stop popping up!  Y’all are killing retail and then online shopping too The app is now garbage! You guys need to start all the way over i think! 
Easy to use and never stop improving! Keep it up team Amazon!
Unable to use AmazonSmile with the app
i would really like to see the “smile” feature added so i can donate to the chosen charity group.
There is no photos and videos on product reviews on ipad pro 12.9 using amazon app.
I love Amazon it is like the best app in the whole entire world I do Christmas shopping on it and I'm fine really expensive stuff a really low prices
I can’t delete the app. Not deleting cus bad, deleting cus need storage. Every time I delete it mysteriously comes back 🤔🤔🤔
Please five the option to increase the type size since it’s hard to read those tiny descriptions thanks
While browsing for books, I can choose paperback, hardcover, or audio, and I am given a choice to ‘Add to cart’, but as soon as choose kindle, the only choice is download sample. Doesn’t make sense.
I love Amazon and the app is very good. My biggest complaint is that the app and the browser site aren’t the same. I’m tired of going to the browser every time I want to buy a book. Same with their audible and kindle apps.  You have to go to the browser to buy stuff.
Amazon worked wonders on my iPhone 6... I was long overdue for an upgrade so I upgraded to the best. I expected the apps from major, million dollar companies to work flawlessly with my new phone. Sadly, this is untrue. When amazon fixes Face ID and login errors, I’ll come back to the app.
Now there are video ads in this app with sound? They force stop my music app and can’t be muted. This is ridiculous. C’mon Amazon.
Wonderfully crafted app; from the speed, the layout, the usability, support contacts; it’s just easy to pick up and go. However, with that being said, I would love to see two new features; Dark/Light Themes, and Collapsible Sections.   The option to go between “Dark/Light themes” would be a glorious addition for those midnight “I forgot to buy ______!” epiphanies, or shopping for your best friend’s birthday party while in the middle of a luncheon in the park.  The “Collapsible Sections” would free up much unnecessary scrolling through an item’s page, and you can expand or collapse what you deem it’s important to you. I would love to have this feature apply to the following sections:  - Frequently Bought Together - Sponsored products related to this item - Compare to similar items - Have a question? - About this item - Related Video Shorts (when applicable) - Customers who bought this also bought - Customer Questions - Customer reviews - Sponsored products related to this item - What do customers buy after viewing this item? - Customers who viewed this also viewed  This option would save on load times, data usage since all those videos and images would be hidden, and would make each item page much cleaner-looking.   This idea could lead to or evolve into a Table of Contents instead; Open the Table, click on your desired item, say, Customer Reviews, and it would take you there AND expand it for you!  I’m not sure how difficult or tedious it would be to incorporate these features, but they would be, in my opinion, amazingly welcomed additions to an already stellar app!  Thanks again, Amazon team! 
We all know Amazon. By now we all know how it works. Some of us will use all the Prime Member features and others may just use the free shipping. Quit prompting me and reminding me what I’m not using. I know this works. It does work seamlessly between the app on my iPhone, iPad and my PC. That’s a good thing. The problem lies in the format of the app on the iPhone, iPad and then PC. Not much consistency. So you have to get used to 3 different layouts and interactions. I dislike the wishlist on the bottom of the iPhone app. Takes up valuable real estate. Fine on the iPad but why can’t we have it on the PC? Maybe you can but I have never been able to figure it out. How about a color overall? I’m tired of looking at the green blue color by now on the iPhone app. I believe last year for the cyber Monday sales it was easy to find the deals quickly including upcoming etc. This year it almost took a Herculean task to find anything other than what Amazon was pushing. I hate how the Subscription service is done. Every item is a separate order, why can’t you assign a separate number for the Subscription? For business purposes it would be nice to have a breakdown of shipping savings either per item or per order? I’m sure that would allow us to figure out that they probably pay zero in shipping. Amazon loads up the website I wish they would load the app. It seems at times, the app has its limitations. Every other app allows you in some way to be customize, but it sure would be nice to allow the customer to do that with this app to be able to see what we want. I have so many other ideas but I’m tired of typing. Amazon don’t worry we will still be here!
I wanted to buy a movie to stream and could not do it on the amazon video app. So I tried this app also couldn't buy it. So I try going to my browser to buy it and it just take me right back to the app. Extremely annoying.
App has nice layout and is very convenient, except one little thing - I can't place order though it. It has been crashing since the last update.
iPad version is awful compared to iPhone version. iPhone version does everything I can do on web, but iPad is very limited. Spent 15 min trying to figure out where to find my registry. Not on the menu or department list or link in the bottom. Still cannot find it. Uninstalling.
Why am I not able to make purchases through my iPad like I can from my laptop? Most of the items say “not available for purchase from this device”. Come on Apple, you are making it too inconvenient to use your products. FYI - it is the same with my iPhone.
My purchases (via browser) are always via smile. This app needs a settings designation to allow that. Until that happens, I’ll use app for product research but go to browser to actually purchase.
Needs a button on the top boarder of the app the copies the link to the product you are looking at.
Not sure what happened with last update but I’m repeatedly getting this “something went wrong” message when I try to do anything except a basic product search. Pretty frustrating so shopping has to only occur in iPad or desktop, not working for iPhone. Woe is me. First world problems.
I Possible to browse by department as they burry the link to actually look at the department behind pages of suggested products... this app has frustrated me so much that a lot of times I just give up on the purchase.... 
I’ve looked far and wide in the app for the textbook rentals I have rented so I can manage my rentals, but have yet to find it. I’m currently stuck because my computer and printer won’t communicate and I need to return a book by the 19th. After a few days of trying to sort out the issue, I tried again to find my rentals on the app to no avail. Why can’t we find that in the app!!??
I use this app daily and for the most part it’s great and easy to use. What I’m not a fan of and gets more annoying everyday is the recommendations of things to buy that over power the items in my cart when I’m scrolling through it. It’s getting as bad as Facebook. I appreciate the recommendations but the manner in which they appear is discouraging and I can’t find an option to disable it!
If you want to buy a product and have no issues the app is great. Trying to find seller info, FAQ for anything other than basics is non existent. Still need to go to computer so app is only half helpful
I want more detail from external apps.  I can’t copy the tracking number at all.  IphoneX
Unless I’m missing something, you can’t make Smile purchases through this app. I don’t care if it’s only a few cents...I want Amazon to donate to my favorite non profit organization whenever I make purchases. The only way I can do this on my phone is to pull up safari and go directly to the Smile Amazon website. So what’s the point of having an app if I have to do this?
There is no back button on items with multiple deals/ pricing. If you clicking a deal to save on a brand of products, you end with no way out of the product brand page.
I'm having trouble understanding why you can't view orders made on your phone on your PC and Vice-Versa,   You can't even create a cart on your phone and it be available on the same account on PC for payment (even saved payment options or items aren't saved.)   I'm not sure how or why Amazon is the next big Monopoly when they can't even build a solid app that doesn't make you think your account on your phone is different than the same account on your PC making you fear it's been compromised. 
I have a notification and it won’t go away no matter what I do. I have checked everything and the only way to do it is to turn off notifications on my phone or delete the app. So I guess I will delete the app.
Very sad when you get a pop up from Amazon's website to download this app and receive $20 on your first order from the app and then they don't give you the money and have no record of this offer. Thanks for nothing Amazon. App has been deleted.
App makes you enter password too many often. My high security password is too long to enter as frequently as the app wants. Add Touch ID and join the rest of the world.
Every time I click on “done” after I’ve changed the size and/or color it never goes back to the screen to review the item. It is as if it freezes on that screen. It is so frustrating.
Whatever it is, the app keeps asking me for the password and keeps shutting down. Constant error messages. The issue appeared after iOS 11 came out (I have the latest version installed). Idk it that’s the way amazon wants everyone to upgrade to the latest Apple phones, I have a 7 and I’m not trying to switch it in the next 2 years.
Never had an issue with the app in the past. Now, with the new iPhone 10 the experience is really bad. Super annoying and disappointing.
There are little problems on the iPad app that are frustrating. Elements of Wish Lists that only show up properly in browsers on on the iPhone app. Product reviews with pictures do not show the pictures but do in the iPhone app, etc.
Why in the world is it so hard to copy the tracking number from this app?  When viewing the tracking info pop-up, that little "x" on the top right doesn't work. You have to press outside the window, anywhere but the x, and the tracking pop-up window closes.  Please allow us to copy the tracking number from the app. Allow it to be selectable, can't even highlight the tracking number.. 
I hate the new track shipping screen. On the iPhone X you can’t copy the tracking numbers or use the share sheets for my Deliveries App. Please go back to the old way!!
Used to be fast, now it’s so slow with VPN, I’ve stopped using the app. Definitely affected my purchase frequency.
I’m ios11.2, when I use the search feature, the iPhone X fails to pull up your app when I type in “Amazon.” This is happening with other apps, too. Problem is, if people have tons of apps like me, I rely on the search feature to open your app, otherwise I can’t find it. Please let Apple know.
Amazon windowshop app. Is by far the best  They made.  It's a shame that by moving Forward, you took two steps backwards. I have not like this app. For two reasons. 1. It doesn't have enough variety. 2. It doesn't have enough items. 
This app works perfectly, I can shop and buy what I need just fine.  However, there is one HUGE but, and the reason I knocked the app back to 3 stars. Why is the Amazon smile program not implemented in this app, or have its own app? Yes I can add to my cart and switch to the website, but that is easy to forget. As a volunteer with a non profit, it is sad to think how much we have lost because Amazon won’t make the process easy by just adding this feature to your account. 
The color scheme teal is hideous. And also the wish list tray is annoying.
So I’m listening to music and shopping on Amazon’s app and then my music is interrupted by a Video add for Amazon’s Echo.  Get rid of the f@&$ing adds in your app Amazon.  They are very intrusive. 
I like the app for the most part but the number of errors, and times it asks for Touch ID make it easier to just use the website.
For some reason this app freezes on my new phone
Love this app/store tons of gifts and love the prime feature..... sometimes u just need ur stuff soon!
I love Amazon but for a billion dollar company this app is not even close to perfect. Too SLOW to remove or add to cart. Another annoying issue is that items start to duplicate while scrolling through your list! I don’t get how time consuming it is to delete items. So frustrating!!!
One really annoying thing about this app is that to date I can not copy text. I often like to copy a product name and paste in a browser or ebay to research. I hate when developers dictate and control this kind of stuff!!! It’s like DVD players that don’t allow you to navigate when and how you want to! I usually just go to amazon in a browser instead of using this app. I also like to copy a product URL and paste it in fakespot to see if the reviews are real, something I can’t do using the amazon app.
I'm an Amazon addict so his app is everything I need and some, I can shop, manage all my prime subscriptions and send orders wherever and whenever I need
