Old but very good Highly customizable, every option you could want including advanced font settings, custom touch areas, titlebar with progress meter and/or battery % and clock. Bug with TTS where skipping backward results in voice skipping backward but highlight skipping forward.
Amazing! Allowed me to read many books in situations in which I couldn't have. Really practical and easy to use. Cool fact : you can quickly search words you don't understand in the dictionary, so it's perfect for reading in foreign languages!
Would give it 5 stars, but... It crashes at random on my Galaxy s7 and my Galaxy Tab s2. Other than that of love the app. I've been using it for years now, and it may crash but it hasn't failed me yet.
Great reader, but... On my Galaxy Tab A 6 it keeps on crashing. Very annoying while trying to read, especially having to find the page i was on. Needs an update.
This works well on my Samsung 4. I use it every day. It crashes once in awhile, but I have never lost any info. It's one of the few apps I've paid for - donated in this case.
Use Cool Reader 3 on my PC and have always loved it, but after installing this onto my Galaxy S7, and finding out it cannot read books from my SD card, I am going to have to abandon it and try something else... }:[
Cool Reader, formerly my ONLY, beloved eReader on both my Samsung Galaxy S 10.1 tablet & S7 cellphone, now sadly appears to be ABANDONEDware (the last update, v3.1.2-116, was on July 17, 2015). I'd still be gladly using Cool Reader (or Cool Reader GL) if it (they) had kept up with GOOGLE's DECISION (starting with Android v6/Marshmallow) to impose new security restrictions on non-native apps' [i.e., user installed] access to the external MicroSD card — where I have 1Gb+ of epub books). However, GOOGLE ALSO PROVIDED a workaround mechanism for non-native apps to REGAIN external MicroSD card access (via an in-app popup routine that requests the user to explicitly grant it that permission), & developers who cared about their users subsequently updated their apps accordingly. Alas, no such luck here & I've reluctantly moved on to FB Reader. Such a shame really to simply abandon millions of longtime, loyal, appreciative users without even a courtesy explanation &/or request for additional donations. 😭💔😭💔😭
I love you! This is the best reader ever! Thank you! Ver Customizable, and that is the strength of this reader, makes me want to read more and more... Blissfully satisfied with this reader :) yup... and the tts is a luxurious option to continue reading even when you do something else but can't stop because the book is too exciting haha amazing, woo-hoo, enjoy books, enjoy life :)