Although does not support any of my cams, I admire it for being pro grade and no ads. UI and performance deserves to become Top10. Canon 5D Mark IV , 6D Mark II , 77D & Panasonic GH5 are not yot added, I hope it will get listed soon so I can use it again...
Great app if you're working in digital work one camera and very few lens changes. If you're working with multiple cameras in different formats, the menus are bulky and counterproductive. Would love to see the addition of a camera and a lens pull down with editable fstop values specific to the shutter. Having 9000 Sonys to choose from does little but get in the way when I'm deciding between my 4x5 and my 6x9. Ideally I'd have a menu under the camera that had an editable short list of my 4 main cameras and a lens menu that allowed me to shift between my primes with one touch.
This is a beautiful app for photographers, it's so well made it becomes a game to play with and try out new configurations! Thanks for this, it couldn't be better. 👍
Database not up to date, A7R III missing.. Also the dof pic is static which is misdleading to get a feel of the dof as a visual.
Great app, let's see... ...if they react to my mail and will add the Fujifilm X100t. Then it's 6 stars ;). Thank you. Great little helper app. Clean design. Love it.
Like it...is it possible to delete camera profiles from the list? I just want to use this for 8x10, 4x5 and 5x7 cameras, there's a lot of digital cameras listed that I'd like to delete (to make it faster to find what I want)
Very useful resource What every tog needs, all there in an instant. Huge choice of cameras and focal lengths.
It's a simple and clean looking tool to get the basic number crunching without fuss... Simply select input parameters and it will give hyper focal distance.
It is useful apps for DOF calculating i used it and found it very helpful i hope to see canon 5 d mark iv in tue program Thanks a lot for you guys
The best tool I have come across on DOF related issue ,the best feature is the graphical representation/display of DOF, HFD, AOV and FOV makes grasping them easily.
Only drawback is that it doesn't contain video cameras (1/2", 2/3", super 35...)
If I was allowed to give more than five stars to just one app on Google play - this app would receive them. Simple, clear, provides complex information with visualisation, no adds. Other developers should learn from them. ----------------------------------- Please don't try to "improve" it with updates like others do, and often ruin the app by doing so. There is nothing to improve here.
[Es] precisa según la fórmula de la hiperfocal. Muy bien la usabilidad. Muy configurable. [En] accurate, following the hyperfocal formula. UX pretty good. Pretty much configurable
Great Tool With many lenses these days not coming with a dof guide on the lens itself this is a mighty helpful app