This app is completely useless. Doesn't even download anything at all anymore. Not music, movies, or even TV shows. Not to mention it doesn't even download stuff in the background. I literally need to have my phone screen time on the whole entire time while I download something, especially when it comes to something that's a big size. It's quite annoying and a complete waste of my time
I see there is yet another update. It. doesn't say anything about fixing the running in the background problem that I have reported. Will this issue be addressed or should I just go ahead and uninstall your app? A short reply to let me know if you'll be addressing my issue would be appreciated. Thank you. Posted 5/5: I used to really like this app but now not so much (and that's being generous). I used to be able to find most of what I was looking for but now I either get a limited amount of results or none at all. And if I do find what I'm looking for, it doesn't download. Another issue I have which started a few updates ago is that the app is running in the background. This is a big issue for me (and others I'm sure). It would be greatly appreciated if you could look into these issues and fix them. I would hate to have to uninstall after using this app for the last few years. Thank you in advance for your attention in these matters. Thank you.
Would of been a higher rating, but i recently ran into a problem where it doesnt download anything. It pulls the name of what i wanted in the downloads section, but it's just not downloading at all.
For the first few weeks, everything was perfect. I was able to download my songs with little space used. But after the update, it crashes as soon as I open it. What do?
Recently the app has been randomly opening on it's own and I don't know how to stop it. It's doing it all the time now. Wish someone would fix this issue. It even does it when I'm on data and not wifi.
Everytime I try to download anything it either will not download or when it's almost finished says error moving incomplete have plenty of space on my phone and strong internet tried many different sources to download but most of the time it will not start this app sucks sucks sucks
