K-9 Mail is having trouble when OpenVPN connect is activated. All other apps and web sites work fine. Even when the VPN is then disconnected on LTE the problem persists. Moving next back to WiFi the problem still persists as well. Only a reboot of the phone seems to help.
Really happy with the app and I've been using it for years. But it keeps losing the contents of draft messages but not the header details. Lost so much time retyping long emails saved as drafts that get wiped out. Grrrr
Installed on my s7 Samsung edge, works well but will not poll automatically, says syncing disabled ????? Not sure why they can not fix it. I filed a trouble ticket online but it was ignored. My guess is they can not figure out the syncing disabled problem. JUST FOUND A POSIBLE FIX ON FORUMS. TRYING NOW .....
UPDATE: Wow, the new icon is garish! I really enjoy K9 Mail, but I keep getting notifications on my Gmail accounts that someone has my passwords. Until I started using this client, I never had a problem. I'm worried because you have to choose less secure settings in Gmail that it makes my accounts vulnerable to attack.
This used to be the best e-mail app for one's phone. However with recent Android OS releases the app stops synching with the IMAP server. I have to frequently "Force Stop" K9-Mail to get it to synch again and
Been using this for over a yeah and loved it. But recent update and it wont stop the circle arrows search for mail. Let it go 16 minutes last time. Have to reboot before it acts normal for a bit. Can you fix?
Push mail has not been working reliably for years, always leading to the error message "Syncing disabled" and tp delayed incoming mail. Why K-9 disables syncing remains unclear. Other email clients, like Thunderbird, do not have any such problem. K-9 also has too many, too complicated settings and some user interface problems. Apart from these problems it is good.
Been using for YEARS, and once again K9 screws up a good program. REPLY to a msg, and it disappears from inbox. And, of course there is not option, so the only option is to upgrade the review, and look for a newer, better app.
Nice project. Nice implementation of encryption. But its missing the feature of "mail clusters"! There is no contact cluster option, so I have to switch through the folders, scrolling and searching, when I want to follow an older conversation or one where the "reply" button wasn't used. That's very very VERY annoying. And it can't make my notification light blink. It does not need many resources and is open source. These are the only 2 reasons why I have it installed. But using it is slow. Because of the mentioned problems.
Have used this app for a long time and loved it. Now it's not syncing, I don't get notified when new mail arrives, and this morning, all the mail in my folders disappeared. Until this is fixed, it's useless and I'll have to uninstall
I have been using this app for several years and whilst it was good to start with, it's been going rapidly downhill. It's constantly returned server authentication errors, despite the fact the settings are correct and that I'm not having these issues with other apps. I am currently using Gmail as a backup. Chances are, I may look for another email client.
Brilliant until recently. Now it won't poll the server other than manually which is pointless. I have just with regret, uninstalled it and reverted to the inferior, but working, built in app.
I've been using this app flawlessly for years. Up until I installed it on my Samsung S7 edge it would have got five stars. However, the "syncing disabled" problem which the developers know about but have not yet fixed renders it just 4 stars meantime. If the bug is not fixed I will have to look for another mail client as one that won't synch (it always did until android 7) is pretty useless. Come on developers we know it's a great app but get it fixed or you will start losing customers in their droves!
Still Broken, no longer receives mail just says "syncing disabled" and there's nowhere to turn it back on. Shouldn't turn off randomly anyway. This app used to ne good and there's no good replacement for it, android just sucks I guess.
