App is great!  Use it to easily make notification, alarm, and ringtones for your phone or to cut out pieces of mixes.  The older version could load up +1hr long mp3s but the current version seems to deny all but the first 5 seconds of very long files.  Still good.   Full Review
I'm new to cell phone use! I got sound bytes from wavsource and then used Ring droid to turn them into either ringtones or notification tones.  There's a video on you tube by unlockr  that walks you through it, but this app is just really easy to use.   Full Review
This App is handy for recording, music organizing, creating ringtones, and notifications. This app is very intuitive. I just have two suggestions that would make this app near perfect, & that's Bluetooth or any kind of Audio transferring, and utilization of cloud drives. I have multiple devices, and having the ability to obtain my audio files on all of my devices would be very useful.. Great App though.. btw I don't give 5 stars eve, due to no app in the history of apps is perfect.. oh 1 more thing, it'd be nice if it was easy to locate this apps file location.   Full Review
10 years and still I use and recommend this app to everyone. I even cut out pauses in my music tracks.. i do it all. 10 years! Since the G1 :O   Full Review
Works perfectly! I wanted the option to have no sound (silent) for a particular contact in Signal (which I *love* & highly recommend).  The app allows you to customize notifications per contact/thread - cool! However, it does not provide the option of 'silent' under the notification sounds. It does provide that option under notification sounds for the overall default notification sound for the app, just not for a particular contact. I used Ringdroid to save a silent part of one ringtone to a new file and voila!, it worked!   Full Review
Ringdroid performance Well to say as much as possible without chatting it up, I've been downloading music from my phone since I was 12 years old, and texting was just becoming a normal thing. With that said I'm now 28 years of age and this was the first ringtone making app I ever downloaded, and I haven't changed since! Over 15 years of me using this particular app, and I've yet to run into a problem! This is by far the best application hands down! I would Highly recommend it, you get to use all of your own material!❤💙💚💛💜👌✊   Full Review
Have been using this awesome app for more than 3 yrs for extracting a ringtone from mp3 music i have. People love my ringtones now. All thanks to ringdroid.. Please provide a feature to club 2 different parts of same file or 2 different parts of 2 different files that will be really helpful in making much better ringtones.   Full Review
The best app in its category! Higly recommend it! Helped me so many times that I can't count them all! 5 ☆★☆★☆   Full Review
This app is a perfect example of the kind of quality that made America great.  I am glad someone has not forgotten what pride and integrity mean.   Full Review
Perfect, only this app didn't give me any error messages when creating ringtones from different music fike formats and i tried quite a few. Great job!   Full Review
Been using the app for years, off and on. Great way to create custom ringtones, as well as putting together those two songs you usually hear played together, but can't on a random setting device because they are considered different tracks.   Full Review
Cant save or share anything! Just a big waste of space for one ringtone! Pretty worthless!   Full Review
He's not lying - this is the original ring tone editing app. Had the G1 when I was in high school and this app is just as clean now as it was then. I can never leave Ringdroid, plain and simple.   Full Review
