Seems to be somewhat unresponsive on my Pixel 2 XL. The top right menu from within a game opens so slowly / choppy. But more concerning is that I have to repeatedly tap on letters for the game to respond. Something definitely going on with how this game works on the new phone.
So many bugs. The edges of the app don't work with the Samsung Galaxy S8 so you can't type "p" or "q" or navigate to any box on the far right or left edge
I love this app! I've been using it for years. Just got a new phone. Samsung galaxy s9. I can't use it anymore. I have to have the enter key on my keyboard. The only keyboard in the game with one is the native keyboard. It does not work. The enter and space respond. Letters do not. Very frustrating. I'll have to uninstall.
It's irritating that typos that I correct as I go are counted as "hint boxes." It ruined my enjoyment of doing a crossword puzzle to the point where I uninstalled the app. I do crossword puzzles for fun, but it isn't fun to have stats like "number of hints" (most of which are typos I immediately corrected but still got dinged for) and "overall time" (this isn't a race) staring me in the face when I finish a puzzle. It just feels like I'm being graded (and graded harshly at that). ADDED 12/9/17: I saw the reply to me, and frankly, turning off the pink boxes isn't what I want--it's the ability to turn off the pop-up statistics message.
This app is extremely buggy and frustrating. The puzzles are good, however they are not fitted to the screen. You have to tap several times when you want to hop onto the next clue and it doesn't automatically do that for you or skip over letters you already have solved, so most of your time is spent tapping on your screen in frustration. Not sure why I'm being so generous in giving it 2 stars.
Love this app. Have had it for years! The downside is that the words are marked for errors even for a slip up during typing. With these finicky touch keys, you easily getting a "wrong" letter even though it's not your fault! Pleeeeeeeease fix this issue by allotting a time gap between finishing typing and confirming that the word is finalized.....else its really annoying getting dinged for key errors!
This is a good crossword app but I am also having issues getting touch to register on my Pixel 2 XL. It's nearly unusable. It's probably related to the reported problems with side of the screen touch detection on this phone, but in this app it's a problem all over the screen, not just at the sides.
I really like the game, but one issue is that's the automatic fit to screen does not properly scale puzzles on Samsung S8. I always need to go into settings and click fit to screen after opening, or the bottom of puzzle is slightly cut off. I think this is because S8 uses different aspect ratio than most devices? Otherwise, great.
I am also having issues on the Samsung 8+ as well. Any space, buttons (inc setting) near the edge are almost unresponsive. Hopefully fixed in the future as I love this game!
Having a ton of trouble on pixel 2xl getting touch to register. Will have to use another app til this is fixed.
Game no longer works. When you type nothing comes up in the squares. Too bad. Used to be my favourite and now I have to uninstall. :(
Doesn't fit to screen, unresponsive. Tired of tapping a dozen times every time I want a different clue
Have been playing this on my Moto phones for years with no problems. Just got a Galaxy S8+ and find that the ability to move around the board by touching an open square is now very intermittent (sometimes it works, sometimes it won't respond at all.) Please fix this ASAP.
Formerly a flawless app with unlimited crosswords. But now it's often unresponsive to taps. Reinstall didn't fix. Unusable now.
Clue font size too small on Acer Chromebook. Settings feature to change the font size does not work. Cannot even select "Font Size" before the settings menu disappears.
Touch is very non responsive on my pixel 2xl, which I find shocking. Aside from that, a great app.
Doesn't respond to well on my tablet. Great on my phone. Yeah, I'm nitpicking.
A completely broken app. Unresponsive and slow. I've used this app every day for years. Please fix this soon.
Since the latest Android system update, back space no longer functions at all when in a puzzle.
