Its A great app to share your views and state your opinions
Only useful if you do the most rudimentary tasks. On my first test, I ended up giving up and just logging directly into Wordpress Admin via a web browser. Photo uploads fail 50% of the time, and the message "generic error" is a useless for troubleshooting. Worse, the app is so basic you can't access all of your post settings. Very disappointing.
I should be able to write in the app, not have it lead me to a web browser. Where the app then freezes. Very frustrating.
Overall, WordPress left me with a regret, that my time would have been better wasted had I gone for another CMS provider. The quality of the customer's experience is absolutely deplorable.
Previous version was more better after copies and paste very difficult to do some parts are in bold and some parts are in italics, editing problems in new version. Unable to upload files because no option available to upload files.
This app has one very annoying feature. If you start writing a post draft with it, the publish time for the post will be when the draft is first saved, and not when the post is actually posted. Let's say I start a draft today using the WordPress app. Then, a week from now, I finish up the draft, but now I'm writing in Firefox on my self-hosted WordPress instance. The "Publish on" shown on the post will be the date when the draft was first saved using the app, and not "Immediately", like it would have been if I'd created the draft in Firefox instead of the app. Long story short; the "Publish on" value should be "Immediately" unless something else is explicitly configured, regardless of if the draft was created in Firefox or using the app.
Dear Developers, After the last update the app is being excluded from my recent app list. I am running on android 4.4.4 Kitkat. Hope you guys fix the problem soon.
It's all good but the only problem is while I try to select feature image, it doesn't work. I click on a particular image and it uploads a different one almost every time.
App is not good music bloggers can't use this app because you can not upload audio ...very bad
I don't like , showing create your WordPress ad on my website,
