Great app with anything you need. Sometimes with outrageous pricing but that is the suppliers fault. If for some reason you need some gum in the next day or two just press a couple of buttons and it’s shipped to your door with fancy tape and what not.
App is not working form me, as soon as I click on an item all I get is a blank flashing screen! As much as you charge me for prime and music I should have no issues. Because of this, I am seriously thinking about canceling! Shipping is never one time , you couldn’t even get a gift card to someone in the expected time!
This app isn’t bad, but: Whenever I add anything to subscribe and save, it adds the item but at the same time, I get a pop-up telling me something went wrong. Clicking on links back to products ordered usually sends you to an oops page with a dog on it. Notifications are random. Worst of all - it’s useless with Amazon links from browsers. Click on a link in safari or chrome to take you to say an amazon page to manage your prime tv channels? It’ll open up this app and tell you the page isn’t available.. it was at that point I decided to delete this and just go back to the web. 
Please join Americans in stopping the propaganda lobby group known as the NRA
I want to share something I am thinking about buying with a friend over text, but I cannot figure out how to do so without manually going to the website in Safari.
I should have been able to change my address by now. Get some better interfacing amazon!
App now (for some reason) now has a bar at the top showing my name and address!!! Why?!?!? Cant get rid of it and don't want anyone seeing it! Please get rid of this terrible feature!!!!!
Amazon what are you doing? Who’s in charge over there? I can’t seem to search my lists anymore!
The app has trouble doing so much stuff it’s just easier to go on desktop. Can’t even add a new address through this app
I have prime membership and every time I order something they tell me my order is being delayed. I call customer service to find out why and I get a huge run around and a bunch of excuses of why and not one of them make any sense. They tell me it might say 2 day but that’s not true and they ship it however the fulfillment center wants to no matter if 2 day overnight or what ever shipping someone pics. I will not recommend amazon or this app to anyone.
So I bought this 100$ gift card , can’t buy anything with it , so i contact their customer service to see want’ going on , and they said I HAD TO WAIT 2 DAYS AND HAD TO WASTE MY TIME TO FAX THE RECEIPT TO THEM JUST SO IS “SAFE” OH COME ON! NOW MY DEAL FOR MY ITEM IS GONE AND I WASTED 2 DAYS !!!
You guys should take Apple Pay, it’s a good app I’ve been using it for almost 2 years but I just want guys take Apple Pay
Welp, I love Amazon. But I can’t order anything until they stop giving the NRAtv a platform for promotion. Will update once they cut ties.
The app won’t allow me to contribute to my favorite charity via Amazon Smile so I never use it.
One star for reeling me in to get the app with a $5.00 gift card and then never sending it to me.  After reading the reviews, it’s not a far stretch to just delete it.
If I order something in the morning and later on decide to order more things the system crashes once I get to the payment portal
I’m am iOS user and predominantly use my phone (iPhone 7s plus). The Amazon app used to work great and has since become glitchy in the past two months—gets “stuck” when placing an order and doesn’t allow one to toggle seamlessly between placing an order and continuing to shop for other items. I attempted to inform a customer service rep of this only to be told “maybe you should try accessing our full website via a PC”. Wrong. What’s the point of having a mobile app then, especially if it’s not being supported or if developers aren’t going to look at feedback.
Why pay $100 a year for 2-day shipping when it’s a gamble whether or not you actually receive 2-day shipping? If it’s not going to ship in the amount of time that you pay for, why not just disclose that! I am incredibly irritated, as I ordered something Thursday only because the app claimed it would be here yesterday. I NEEDED a broken piece of my breast pump for work today. If I had known it wouldn’t arrive till the FOLLOWING WEEK (even though the item advertised WILL ARRIVE BY SATURDAY), I would have just spent the extra money and bought it at the store when I had the chance. However, I had no updates saying the order would be late. I returned home last night with no order and the tracking says it won’t arrive till next week. I am currently at work in a lot of pain because my pump will not work without it. See if I pay for my membership next time around!
Never got my $5 gift card for downloading the app. It’s been 3 weeks. 😡
I use to love this app til my account got hacked and amazon did nothing about I asked them to delete my account and I make a new one and they didn’t do that. Every time I make a order something always goes wrong or they say they shipped my items and on the day it’s supposed to be here it’s never here and they said something went wrong with my order but yet charge me for it. So I’m done with amazon!
I’ve been an Amazon Prime for years. I use this app all day, every day; just because I’m addictive to it; but lately, most of the time I add an item to my cart, I get this error message that says “Amazon encountered a problem”. That’s the only reason I took a star away. LOVE AMAZON ❤️❤️❤️
I can’t believe we’re in 2018 and I can’t buy audiobooks from either of your apps (Audible / Amazon) on my phone. Marketing ploy or plain incompetence?
I spend a lot of money on Amazon  But PLEASE!! Get rid of the buy with one click option. Because it's making you buy everything in your cart even though you don't wanna purchase all that just yet. I literally had to hurry and cancelled the order bc it said my total was $726 and I'm like wooahhhh!!!  So I had to delete EVERYTHING out my cart just to get one item. Super annoying. 
Prime shipping is rarely delivered 2 day shipping any more. Customer service has promised my a $30 credit twice because of week overdue orders and never fulfilled they’re promise. Amazon Primevis not what it used to be.
Anyone with access to an unlocked iPad can make a purchase. On the iPhone, when “biometric authorization” is turned on, touch ID is required for purchase.   Also on the iPad, the the ability to email support is broken, except about the predefined topics. On the iPhone, tapping “other” a few times let you write a free-form email. 
Amazon raised PRIME withholding all explanations for unrealistic increases to their customers....Bad Plan  SHIPPING WITH FedEx... Strike TWO! FedEx under investigation for ILLEGAL SHIPPING OF SHARKFIN DOLPHINS ORCA et.al..  TRACKING feature has now been disabled vs before which DIRECTLY LINKED US TO OFFICIAL SHIPPERS TRACKING WEBSITE  ...fin....  Failure in all aspects of operations testing combined with;  Unwillingness to adhere to: ‘the NUMBER 1 Rule of Business’, will result in Amazon being Bankrupt by JUNE 2018. DrDi 
Amazon’s customer service and the way they handle their business is the best I’ve ever encountered.
This was one of my favorite apps, and I love Amazon. But it’s simply not working anymore. Not in my iphone 6 or my ipad mini. It stays “still loading” and never finishes.
GET RID OF ALL ADD ON ITEMS, I can’t order anything at the time I want, if it is an add on item and I have to spend more money if I want that item. That’s is the worst design ever, if I want something I should be able to get it.
Nice app and easier to use than a website on my ipad, however it would be much better if I could order my Kindle books as well!  I can order and pay for any thing except books. WHY?
I’ve been a prime member for a while now and just today i cancel it cause its crap. My orders never on time as they claim the 2-day delivery and its always late. Every-time i call customer service they just say sorry and they will look into it. So if you think Amazon is fast. Think again.
It’s been a few weeks since the app has worked. I’m not sure what happened to it, I tried updating and each time it says Amazon has encountered a problem.
I stared using Amazon for shopping only recently but have truly been delighted with both the selection and prices.  Their shipping is reasonable and gets there fairly close to expected times. I am very happy with this company.
Finger print verification is always a problem. They send code to email but I always receive those codes after 2-3 hours later.
Cannot add Shipping address
I’ll order one thing and the thing underneath that gets order as well I wouldn’t use this app ever agian
3rd party international sellers should be separated from domestic sellers. They are a pain to deal with and the customer shouldn’t even have to question whether they are purchasing from an international seller unless they navigate to a section that clearly states international 3rd party. I’m sure amazon customer service spend unneeded time to get things resolved with these sellers.
While the app is stable, it’s incredibly intrusive when it steals the show when looking for items in a web browser. There is no way to quickly share a link to an item with a friend from the app. This is such a fundamental requirement for shopping. So, because the app opens when you click an ‘amazon’ link from the web page, you’re stuck. Sorry Mom, I can’t share what I found at Amazon with you.
For a company that does trillions of dollars in business in the US they can't provide customer service reps that speak coherent English.
I was guaranteed delivery by 8pm today. Amazon said it was delivered at my door when it was not. I’ve been home so I would have seen it. Checked with my neighbors and no package. Can’t request a refund until tomorrow at 4pm. What’s the point of Amazon Prime?
With the new app I am not able to purchase books for my Kindle, my only option is to Download a Sample. At the end of the sample I do not get the option to purchase the book anymore.  If I want the book I have to leave the app, open Amazon ‘s web page, login and then I can purchase. I do not have this problem with other purchases, only kindle books.
For as long as I can remember, I have always toggled my “Save Browsing History” to the off position. Lo and behold, every time I open the screen, a whole page of every item I’ve looked up recently or placed in my order cart is present. I delete the history, I check to make sure the setting is toggled off - which it always is. Next time I use the app, same cycle. Browsing history saved.   What is the purpose of this? I know exactly what I looked up and if I want to purchase it, I will place it in my cart. I don’t want a reminder or record of it, especially when I have specifically set the feature to the off position.  Also, I despise having the “garage” and “pet” feature in my account. I will NEVER use Amazon for car parts & services and I don’t own a pet. Why not make these features optional instead of having them take up space?    I’ve been an Amazon shopper for over 17 years and your app makes the shopping experience a poor and annoying one. I am using your services less and less as time goes on. 
I can check review photos on the iPhone app but not the iPad app? That’s so annoying. I have to switch to safari or I just end up picking up my phone.
I’m a frequent Amazon user and I have several Amazon based apps on both my iPhone & my iPad. I don’t like using the iPad app bc it seriously lacks. You have very limited options in what you can access easily. I can’t see my dash buttons, gift card balance, or any basic account info. I would prefer using the app but sadly I resort to the desktop version or I just reach for my phone. Is it really necessary for the 2 versions to be so different? Not a positive user experience.
Whenever I click an Amazon link in Chrome it opens in the Amazon app and then immediately opens Safari to take me to the Amazon web page.
Amazon has really bad customer service the supervisor Pau is the worst customer customer person they have. Don’t have a clue what Customer service mean. Fix the problem don’t make it worse for the customer. It need to get fired. To the CEO of the company need to get of  Pau from Customer service supervisor in Amazon. Want to bring your rating up start with that person in customer service supervisor Pau
I’ve been using amazon for a while and it was great with prime deliveries, but now 75% of the time I’m supposed to get my package within 2-3 days, it gets delayed another week.
Took me 45 minutes to order ONE ITEM. app was not responding. Had to keep writing in my info about 8 times. Almost gave up and went to a different website.
I use amazon a lot, I really mean a LOT. With that said prime has let me down a lot too, getting worse too. Forget the delivery date they give you, missing more and more of those target dates lately. And while we are at it did you realize that some bad reviews on products they will not let you post, like getting obviously used poorly repackaged items sold as new???? Yea tried to post that twice and they wouldn’t let me warn others. Overall I’m seen using them, just highly disappointed in their delivery promises and their unwillingness to post negative reviews. 
I thought I was gonna love it then my orders gone day revise payment method and they never like it happens to everyone scammers
I thankfully realize that I have been blest as a consumer and customer. The support given my account is impeccable and the updated apps with Prime Video and Amazon Fire TV have kept us away from unintentional spending; the people willing and able to become as little children... 
Some could argue my review denies all the other wonderful aspects of Amazon, but the problem I’ve come across really ruins the entire shopping process for me.   Teen Prime. What a great deal, I get my own account with prime just because my parents own one. But I can’t shop on anything but the Amazon App. You’d think the solution would be share an account or make your own.   If I share an account I don’t get my own recommendations (which is an awesome feature). If I make my own account I don’t get the convient deals of Prime or have to buy an entirely new account with Prime.   If you’re going to offer this deal, why restrict it to just an app? Why would you limit it just the app? It’s disappointing that I cannot shop on the computer because I am on my computer more often than the phone and it is more convient to use. Additionally, there’s all sorts of plug-ins available on the PC to allow you find the best deals. I cannot use these tools on my phone.   I recommend Amazon and the Amazon app, but not the feature Teen Prime. It’s not worth it. Thank you for the amazing company Amazon but if possible, please fix this issue. 
Amazon Smile, while it only gives 0.5% of purchase to the charity of choice, is a program with a lot of potential. It’s unfortunate that it’s user-driven and web-only. Please make the option available for Amazon Smile contribution on mobile whether it’s an account toggle or a new app.   When you compare giving contributions to other big box retailers (cough Walmart cough), Amazon could do better. This feature is under utilized because it’s not available on mobile and not available from the main page. 
Trying to add new ship to address during checkout and the process starts over with the new address not saved.
I LOVE amazon and shop here all the time for what I need and even have there credit card, which I love. The only thing I don't on this app is there is no way to see my credit balance or a way to make a payment. I have to resort to getting out my laptop, logging in, and checking my balance and make a payment. I would love this app way more if I can check and pay my balance through the app. PLEASE make it happen
I check my email for tracking and Amazon suggests using this app. I came to download and see all these Negative Reviews...              Wow !!!  Does Amazon even care ??? It's gotta give pause to shoppers if they can't even navigate to purchase things ....  I just use the PC or MAC "when" it's convenient for me... which is obviously less than phone in hand. 
Can you please make a filter for items that you don’t have a prime membership for? I would shop Amazon like a mad man if I didn’t have to pay for a membership... 
Honestly I love this app because there is so much to shop through and this one of the best apps I’ve ever shopped in. I got a Xbox one headset for 25 bucks and in stores they’re like $100. This is one of the best apps that I’ve ever had I love it and I enjoyed it a lot! Thank You So Much Amazon!!!!
Amazing the almighty Amazon has an app that blows chunks. And no Chunks is not my dog.
Application is good, works well and easy to use. But i want an option to choose what shipping carrier service i want to use: FedEx is better for my country and UPS is the worst one, DHL is average and usually give me some trouble and so on. In this case, i prefer to use FedEx but there is no choice.  There is also one problem: users cannot use “Contact Us” menu from the application to chat to customer service (must be done through desktop computer).  Thanks 
Used this app for years till the past year. Won’t connect to the internet and say try again. Nothing wrong with my internet cause everything else works like usual. I’ve deleted and reinstalled countless times but still can’t use it.
Why of all platforms is the customer images for reviews missing from the ipad app?
There’s no way to turn off annoying promotional notifications Amazon insists on showing me for products I will never buy. So I’m uninstalling this app. Email notifications are all I need anyway.
I’ve recently placed a couple orders these past few months and I am a prime member. I pay the extra couple bucks for one day shipping and the package never comes what is the point of next day shipping if they never deliver on time?
THREE times now, I’ve ordered something from amazon to arrive at my school in Nashville but for some reason, Amazon keeps thinking I’m sending it to my house in Maine. I explicitly choose my Nashville address every time but regardless it arrives in Maine 2 days later. Im so freaking tired of this.
Your share links are not consistent, they often share the wrong color or item. What I want is a URL Address at the top of every page, this allows me to share a page of finds, or the company’s selection of items.   Search is missing some search filters that once made it useful. I’d tell you what they were if I weren’t medicated. Yes, you can point and laugh and show your friends. But I would give everything I have not to have to be so f-ing drugged for pain. Anyways onto the rest of the review...  You need to know Search always throws in some items completely unrelated, as in, what does a spatula and other cooking/baking implements have to do with the stockings I am looking for?   Search often ignores the parameters I have set. You must believe that just because I am looking for a size 8 long-sleeve blue mid-length dress, I’d be willing to buy a size 4 sleeveless white miniskirt length sundress. Seriously, I don’t have time for this crap, cut it out! I don’t peruse Amazon for fun, I’m a woman on a mission!   And another search problem, sellers get around search parameters by posting low prices that are not quite true. After you open the page and feel you have found what you wanted, you click to add it to your cart, suddenly your item is far more expensive than you remembered it being!! What happened?  You go back to double check, that’s the real expensive price all right. You begin looking at all the other items, they are all expensive, except for ONE. One hideously ugly item that you would never buy, THIS one item is priced at the lower price that brought you in.   These search problems prolong my searching, there have been times I have given up and not spent any money because I just could not look at one more page. You don’t want to do this to people who do all their shopping here, (I’m disabled). We spend enough to be respected. 
Amazon calls itself a tech company but cannot deliver an app that is fully functional. Oh, sure, you’ll be able to place your order and pay for it but you may not have the same features from one version to the next. The last update removed users ability to vote on whether a review is useful or to flag a review or even to report a product that is fake, dangerous, or raises other concerns. Also users ability to ask questions about a product is gone.   The app NEVER has offered all of the options that the website does. Nor do all the options offered even work. I seriously doubt that Amazon even tests their app. 
I got a new I phone. And tried to access my Amazon account. Could not do it, and the only me option available to was to set up a new account which I did. That gave me access to service or I should say nonservice. This should be a no brained.  My full name is unique as due to family name change I'm the only one on planet Earth.  One man added a second "S" in 1792. With the use of my updated genealogy I can find any Sharpless in existence. There are three Stephen's, but only one with the middle initial "H". DO AN ALPHA SEARCH AND RESTORE MY ACCOUNT
I purchased a 23 and me dna kit from an amazon seller for $156 and after sending my sample to the 23 and me company they emailed me to let me know my sample kit had been destroyed because it was originally purchased from the 23 and me web site with a stolen credit card by the amazon seller who then sold the kit to me, I reported it immediately to amazon and they found that it was not their fault that a seller that they backed had sold me a $156 useless product and thus I wasn’t due any money back, I was cheated by the seller and amazon, cheated out of hard earned money because they allowed a seller to sell stolen items, so BUYERS BEWARE OF AMAZON AND THEIR FAULTY A TO Z CHEAT PEOPLE OUT OF MONEY GUARANTEE
The app looks completely different this morning and I can no longer see at a glance whether I am signed in to my personal account or my business account or whether my husband is signed in to his personal account, etc.  so right off the bat I must start clicking and searching for basic info before I can even begin to shop.  Why?  And that’s just the beginning of inconvenient changes.  Using the browser until this app becomes more efficient.
I used to be able to swipe between credit card options for 1-Click purchases on the item page which was terrific and convenient. I now have to go to my account options and select between my saved credit cards, save my choice for 1-click purchases and then go back to the item page and use 1-click. I use different credit cards depending on what I’m purchasing. Why do I have to jump through hoops to use 1-click???
Why is it so hard to buy a book to read and connect to the kindle app from iPhone? I have everything set up yet there is no buy now button for the books I want. Ridiculous.
It’s amazon. It’s fine. You can buy anything and the government subsidizes each package to the tune of $1.47 or some such thing. We all know this.   My issues are these:   1. You can’t delete items in your order history. Yes I know you can hide them. So what. When you go to write a review the item appears again. I don’t need amazon or anyone else remembering everything I have purchased over my entire lifetime. Drop it after 30 days or some such thing OR at least give us an option. “Check this box to permanently delete this order. You understand doing so means you cannot return anything and all reviews associated with this order will be lost.” If I have had a product for 2 years and the warranty was 90 days why do I need it in my history if I don’t want it there? It is my account let me manage it.    2. What is going on with prices? I’m finding lower prices elsewhere online and even locally. That used to be a rare thing. 
Every time I sign in, the app says “something went wrong” and then freezes. I close the app, open it back up and the same thing happens. The app is very slow in addition to not properly logging me in. Love amazon, hate amazon app. Fix these issues.
It will not allow me to assess my account, or see what I ordered on my iPhone 6+.
They pretend to be this great company with donations to the non-profit of your choice. If you use this App nothing you purchase benefits the nonprofit you have registered.  Seems slimy 
I love the app but really wish you offered an app for Amazon Smile I love buying and supporting my charity.
The amazon app used to be a wonderful thing. I am not a “prime” member and I have been seeing a lot of issues with that. I feel like amazon is trying to force me into a membership. I have come across several items that I couldn’t buy because I wasn’t a “prime” member. I have also placed several orders in the last couple of months that have either never showed up or the delivery date has been pushed back by another week. This is starting to occur more and more often. I am disappointed in the way amazon is treating non “prime” members.
Love the Amazon app, BUT unfortunately if there was a way were I can buy digital music straight from the app INSTEAD of having to log into my laptop then Amazon would get 5 stars from me ! I can’t tell you how many times I’ve tried to buy digital music from the app and it tells me that I can’t do it from the app , then I have to log into my laptop to buy the music ( which isn’t very convenient for me all the time ) ... So hopefully Amazon will read this and make music buying from the app more convenient! Thanks ! ;) 
I ordered some pre-workout mixes purely because it was on sale for one day only. Then my package got lost. I understand, not Amazon’s fault and I’m not upset that it got lost. But my only option is to now get a refund. I don’t want a refund!! I want my items but now to get it would have to pay 40% more. Terrible service.
Guaranteed delivery times seem to have no meaning whatsoever. It’s like there’s no guarantee whatsoever. App freezes a lot. Customer service slow.
I’ve stopped using the app for purchases and only use it for exploring occasionally. An app needs to be able to access all features of a site if it wants to be successful.
You could use amazon to get things instead of going to the store. It’s just shopping from home. If you love shopping like me you have to get this app!! except my little sister once ordered a fingerling (a tiny monkey toy that plays on your finger) and when it came it had a red glowing light on the stomach  and looked like a McDonald’s toy so my mom called and they gave her her money back so you’re probably going to want to see what your getting.  P.S - my sister finally got a fingerling for Christmas. 
Shop here everyday! Great app great company!!! #PrimeMember
Can you add Amazon Smile compatibility. I’d buy more from the app if that was a feature.
Very good app and amazon the best goods and services of online marketing and shopping thanks for all teams in amazon
Whenever I find a good deal and try to buy it the app always crashes
Too many one click order buttons!I made a few orders which I did not intended to, because I clicked the buttons by mistake, or I didn’t know it would lead to an actual order without any further confirmation. I did not know I placed the orders until I tried to check my other orders’ statues, and sometimes it’s too late to cancel the wrong order
Not great. To download a book to a Kindle you need to use the website in a browser because this app doesn’t work. (I had to use the help section to figure out why it wasn’t working.) and as long as the app was on my phone, I couldn’t use a browser because it kept automatically opening the page in the app.
I lost my job because I was shopping on this app and when you add something to the cart, Amazon obnoxiously thinks it's okay to vibrate your phone and this feature cannot be turned off. Needless to say my boss didn't appreciate the vibration that came from my obsessive online shopping disorder and fired me... Thanks Amazon!
Amazon. I love your shopping choice. However I pay you every year to be a prime member for 2 day free shipping. And recently this has been hit or miss. I have a message saying if I order in the next 14 hours I get it by x day (2 days from now) and half the time now I don’t get it by x day. I’m lucky to get it a day after that. And I don’t live out in the middle of no where. I live in a decently populated area. So for that I am rating them and their app a 3 star because the choice is awesome. But it lies to me... :/
Like the title says, it never works over cellular network. Before I had tmobile and now with att still the same
Tried to buy a pair of shoes. Amazon has added new sizing help, but you can’t actually choose a size. Keeps popping up an error “need to select a size” even though I have. So it’s impossible to buy a pair of shoes. Amazon’s loss. I bought from another store. This is a bummer because I literally turn to Amazon first.
Great app to buy stuff from but read the bad comments first before purchasing  because there is a lot of scammers who have bots like the project but the project is trash and very dangerous. Amazon employees if you are reading this please ban the idiot scammers to help make this app way better.
Amazon keeps making their app less useful. I would give it 3 stars, but I think that including outside ad banners is disgusting. I guess Amazon just isn’t making enough money off of us.
I had a problem with connecting to internet but seems like its apple id issue. Love the 2 day shipping.
I can’t review products unless I spend $50 on a valid credit/debit card? Gift cards and my amazon store card (that I’ve had for 8 years doesn’t count)? This is THE dumbest thing I’ve ever heard of. I should be able to share my opinion about products no matter how I purchased them!!
Consistently just get a white screen when trying to use the app. You are better off just using their mobile site. Worst app on my phone.
all versions didn’t show the full price with tax and shipping costs on the last step  i talked to customer service and they told that i’m right and we will fix the issue   still now not fix 
I spent waiting for my phone calls twice over 2 hours. I asked for phone call now. Disgusted I used the chat room and got the best service ever. Resolved my problem in ten minutes. I’m going to use them from now on. The letter from amazon was too long and sorry was not enough.
Got ahold of one person was told I was getting a refund for a shirt I never received. Got an email the next day explaining my refund and how it would take 3-5 business days for it to show in my account. They filed a claim for something I haven’t even opened yet. Then I message customer service and explain I’m getting refunded for the wrong things-not fair to that company to take a hit-and the customer service person tells me it’s a “third party” problem and he’s sending me a link to file a claim. I tell him he needs to take care of it, it’s their responsibility. Low and behold in the email it says to get ahold of Amazon’s customer service department for help to file the claim. Very poor customer service for people who order off of amazon all the time
Searching and viewing products works great. When I try to checkout I receive an error message after putting in my password. I am unable to purchase any items from the app and am forced to resort to the website.
It doesn’t show up on the up anymore!! I have to go on my computer and use google chrome to be able to see it, but now it’s gone on the app! It was fine 3 days ago now it disappeared
Amazing app, I buy everything frequently from mobile Amazon, particularly stuff from Daily Deals, only bug I sporadically see is product images disappear when I’m deep down in the default list view. Please fix and maybe even add a feature to save place (in list) and deep link back to same spot after a time sensitive LD checkout.
This app, while offering gorgeous design, cannot complete the singular purpose of Amazon: to purchase a product. I've never once been able to complete an order, always getting some error message and being forced to wait until I can get to a computer. I expect better; this is such a disappointment.
Good app but should be able to access Amazon smile
I had an account and I had used a $50 gift card I used some of it but after a few months of not using the app all my information was gone to my account event my money. I had some help but it still isn’t fixed. However amazon is a good shopping app.
The CALL ME feature loops and starts over vs initiate a call. Your artificial intelligence on chat can not understand call me. It also does NOT recognize a phone number when it asks for a number.  Your app turned on Prime Pantry... I did NOT.  As a consequence I cannot place an order because it wants me to order hundreds for a grocery order, I guess. Your app pops a welcome line at the top of the page. This drops the app down the page. You cannot scroll down to CUSTOMER SERVICE, because it is now off the screen because your app places a welcome message at the top.
I’m tired of finding knock-off items with bogus reviews.   Amazon, you need to do something about this NOW.   ALSO. Fix the notifications. Why is there always 1 notification that won’t go away. 
If I could give a 0 Star I would! This new app is horrible every time I try to sign in it states sorry something went wrong! I’m fixing to do away with Amazon and their Prime that really is a joke to begin with
My only complaint currently is that Apple Pay isn’t a functional option for me. I use it everywhere else and up to a month ago used it on here. Now there is no way to use the tool that I feel is very secure and safe with my money. Any feedback on what has transpired with this problem would be greatly appreciated.
They routinely take your money, send you empty boxes or the wrong thing, and then leave the ball in your court to print stuff and return it just to get your money back. Zero help. They are diliberate lay unhelpful in hopes you will give up and let them keep your money. Happens all the time.
I’ve never written a review here on the App Store but I just wanted to say that whoever came up with the idea to add a little map in ‘track your package’ and give you real-time updates on your delivery is a genius. Best feature ever!
I do not like that you have to pay for shipping the item back I had to pay $6.00 for shipping it back and that’s exactly what I paid for it so what’s the whole point on returning something if u DO NOT like either way your not getting your whole money back and before it used to be free to return something back but now I DO NOT LIKE AMAZON because of that reason now I am not getting my money back because that’s what it costs for shipping 😡😡😡☹️☹️
This is an edit and an important feature is missing for a while, when you click on your orders you use to be able to see preparing for shipping and not shipped yet and system now also delivered. This was a much better layout then having to click your order then go to details to then only see what you could of by just clicking your orders.  I knew from the beginning that the iPhone app differ slightly from the desktop website, it never bothered me that much until it affected my orders section on the iPhone app. Instead of just clicking once to see the order details I now have to click twice to get to the same place, even when just screening the my orders page is such a pain as it offers no details only when the item is suppose to ship or arrive. I would like to know where the my orders with more detail is. Well it seems now that when you delete the app and reinstall and sign in the my order page with more detail comes back, for how long I don\'t know. This unweary randomness is really annoying, each time you sign in its basically a roll of the dice the way the layout of your orders page will be viewed. 
The app used to be great, now is slow and just constantly “hangs” on product I am looking. It’s become too busy. Amazon I know you want me to buy stuff but if you keep adding “features” for me to save things it’s just too much. Please make it snappy like it used to be. Otherwise I might as well shop at Walmart. Seriously their online portal has been improved. I know you can beat them.
If you are traveling and your account is only with phone and you forgot your password you can’t use nothing and you cant notify any of your orders
The app is great except for the fact I can’t order Kindle books which I do a lot. What’s up with that Amazon?
What happened to the kindle store app? I have kindle store app on my old iPad. Why would you design an app that won’t allow customers to buy kindle books on their iPad? I hate this app. I hate the new kindle app. I’m so angry I cancelled my pending orders to subscribe and save, books   Going to B& N to buy books tomorrow. Had it.
Purchased something with prime membership, selected the two day prime membership shipping, received the package four days later. Cancelling prime.
I love using amazon to shop online, and I usually use my mobile device, more specifically, my iPhone to access my account and order. I used to be able to see my prime account from my iPhone app, but I am not able to access it anymore. I really need to be able to, do I can see when the payment will be deducted etc. can you guys put that back please?
Amazon has been horrible to me! This app has been a nightmare!  I have been removed for “unexplained “ violations or breaking “community guidelines “ that NO ONE FROM AMAZON can seem to explain....  They also pulled over 1/2 of my reviews...  Thanks Amazon! 
I used this app for a couple of years and had no problems until I’ve recently made purchases and my account gets locked. I thought I forgot the password and went through the reset process, but I can’t access my account because of security reasons, very confused on how and why my account is locked. I put in my billing and address in, I’ve confirmed that everything is mine months ago. Once I get my account locked I have to do everything again, and wait additional days to confirm its mine again. I’ve made purchases that was as cheap as $25, but when I try to buy my college textbooks which is about $100 or more, this is when the problems occur. This app is frustrating and problematic.
All of my orders so far have been delivered as promised and in optimal condition. For the 1st time the other day I reached out to Amazon online re. a question/concern. Rep answered immediately via chat, solved my issue, and was very professional and courteous. Definitely more pleasant than some of my “in store” shopping experiences!!
Sometimes looking for things that you may think are in just about any store or not anymore there online.Amazon is uber-cool ever since shopping online was the power move! Pioneers at it. Once searching for a case for my iPhone SE. They had plenty of topnotch Cases an screan protection at Amazons ridiculous prices, Nuff said.
I opened this app this morning to find the interface less robust-like using it on my phone and not my iPad.  WHY?! I spend a lot of money on Amazon and expect more than the current sub-par iteration of the software installed.  Go back to the previous app or you're losing a customer. 
I get REALLY tired of my shipping preferences being shifted to standard from free when I try to correct or change my order. Really guys it l hate ordering from you and find myself using jet more and more.
(January 30th 2018 i’am adding to this review)  IAM DONE BUYING FROM THEM! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE Amazon gave me a fake tracking number for my package, lied about it when I emailed them, took a month to receive the item, fake tracking on the package doesn’t say who it came from AND VERY SHADY THAT I CANT MESSAGE THE SELLER!  Amazon always removes my reviews that are less than 4 or 5 stars or hides them when they are verified! so you cant see the real reviews, it’s NOW January 26th 2018 still cannot write a review for a product I PAID for they only “approve” reviews that are 4/5 stars and the ones that are paid “I got sent this product for free” = 5 star review 
I adore amazon but this app is super buggy - it won’t let me log in or place any orders. If it worked properly it would be 5 stars.
Window shopping!!!! Didn’t have a chance to purchase them!!! And I got destroyed by your... messing my phone device.... cost me  my phone!!!   Thanks
Make it so you can’t change what card you are using on the iPad. It’s got the one click pay option when I want to use different cards.
Order tracking seems glitchy two items I ordered have been delivered to my house and I have them but amazon says they are still being shipped and two of my orders that are being shipped haven’t had the tracking updated for five days which is weird I mean that’s basically saying it’s gone nowhere in five days
Overall this is a great app, easy to navigate, search, etc. I would give it 5 stars buuuuuuut......With that said I couldn’t tell you how many times I’ve accidentally hit the buy now button and am left scrambling to cancel the order.  Not to mention it doesn’t show up in the cart that you even clicked on it in the first place. PLEASE FIX THIS AMAZON!!
The links in the app don’t allow users to find to information easily.  I want to find how to view or manage my prime subscription and set up notifications before renewal.  The default is to not notify users before the automated renewal.   Making purchases & finding orders— EASY.  Finding needed settings options— TERRIBLE  To find amazon prime option settings I looked under “notifications”, “your account “, “account settings”, “memberships & subscriptions “, “settings”, .... Obviously, I’ve overlooked the link.  I guess I’ll go to my desktop computer to find the link. 
All of a sudden the heading of the app changes to a green bar the ability is gone to log in or out. Twice I have deleted it and will not shop on Amazon anylonger
Previous app not that great to begin with but workable. Latest update added “fancy” background but made the app worse. Difficult to get info on items including Best pricing and ratings. Seems like the whole idea is to encourage one to make an impulse buy with as little information as possible. Going back to the website on my IPad.
Need someone to talk or email someone. Can’t sign in
New app closes or puts you in a loop for checking out. Stalls. Forces you to use the app even when trying to do anything on Amazons web page via web browser. Horrible build and major issues
Haven’t been able to order products inside this app this month. Not sure if they are gonna fix it or not. Called and complained already.
You can have the kindle app on your IPhone. But when you try purchase books for my kindle on the amazon app, it says it unsupported. I have to go to the website to purchase my books. I would rather purchase my book on from amazon as I have a tablet that I use to read at times and I don’t always read from my iPhone unless i am out.
First let me say that being a Prime Member is by far the best part of Amazon. Besides getting two day deliveries and watching Prime Movies these two things is what keeps me coming back to the Amazon App.   Now for the downside. I have the IPhone 7 Plus and the last few months I noticed a #1 in a Red Circle which is very noticeable when you are looking at your phone. I called Amazon Customer Service and spoke with their technicians but all they can tell me was to delete the app and reinstall it. I did just that and even shut my phone off to reboot the phone and when I went to the App Store I reinstalled the Amazon App and the #1 is still there.   If anyone who reads this thinks they know what this might be please get in touch with me.   Picture this, when you have new mail or on Facebook if you have new Messages you will have a # on your App. This is what I have on the Amazon App.   Thank you Howard Krulik 
They don’t let you post real ratings on their products and service... they use too but not anymore... their 5 and 4 star products ratings don’t mean anything
When I called to get an explanation I got circular arguments that made no sense and unfortunately turned a 5 star app into trash.
The tracking info is very on-point and is very accurate! Most of the time it arrives earlier than expected!
Had to change my password and all of sudden nothing was working on the app. Even after I was finally able to enter my new password it wouldn't let me place any orders. Didn't even give an error. If I clicked "place order" it just took me back to my cart. Endlessly annoying. Had to delete the app twice and reload before it allowed me to place orders again.   New bar on bottom of the screen wants me to drag items there to save. NO THANKS. My phone has limited screen space to begin with. I hate annoying banners that I cannot get rid of. I use my various lists to save items if I want. Worst feature ever for mobile, please get rid of it! Starting to get super annoyed with Amazon lately and with all the negative things I hear and read about their business practices and the way they treat their workers I'm rethinking my Amazon usage.   The best thing Amazon had was their reviews and now they've revamped how stars are calculated and with all the fraud rampant on their site with reviews I just can't trust any reviews now either. And why are all the Amazon prime items $10 more than third party sellers offering free shipping?!? We are already paying $100 a year for prime plus a huge markup on each individual item?? This is starting to seem like a ripoff. I guess all good things come to an end. 
Hybrid apps consistently offer a slow, brittle, tap-twice-for-everything experience and Amazon is no different, despite having more than enough cash for native. Good game nice hustle
Same day delivery is such a marketing sham . I have never got the stuff delivered on the same day inspite of so many attempts  It’s 2018 and your app still looks so old. It works all the time and that is it . 
So my mail carrier is awful (USPS) and they lost my most recent package, they showed it as delivered but it never arrived, I waited 2 days and it still never showed. So I sent an email to amazon customer service and they were very quick to respond with an apology email (not their fault what happened) and within 3 hours I had the refund in my checking, I switched to amazon prime where they use ups for the 2 day shipping. Great customer service!
App is great except for I have to have WiFi for it to work. Just wish it would work off of my phone service.
Hands down Amazon is my favorite app on my phone. I am browsing on amazon or making a purchase at least 4 days a week. I love that I can efficiently find what I’m looking for and receive it the next day! Amazon is hands down my favorite place to shop! Their customer service is impeccable! They are kind, funny and most importantly AMAZING at their jobs!
It never lets me reset my password! Once I get the code section.
I’ve tried tons of similar apps to buy, but I’ve never found the same prices, the variety and the security that Amazon gave me!
I would really like to see somewhere to delete orders. Archiving items still makes it so that it’s on your account, I’d really like to see a way to delete items.
3 times of trying to add an address for a gift it closed out sent me back to shopping cart and eliminated all my gift card info and the new address.  The other 3 times if told me there were invalid characters in the phone number.  Area code, check.  Actual seven digit number, check.  No dashes or parentheses, still nope.  Any combination of dashes or dashes and parentheses, still no.  I guess Amazon doesn’t like numbers in a phone number...............
I use an Amazon Teen account, which can only be signed into through the app.  I purchased a digital copy of a game, except there’s no way to access the code for the game on the app; it can only be accessed on the computer. Either make the game library accessible on the app or make teen accounts able to be signed into on other devices. There isn’t even a good reason for teen accounts to only be able to sign in on the app. It just makes it more difficult for people to use their accounts
I don’t know what the problem is with your app, but I can’t order ANYTHING. How is there an error every time I try to place an order on your app, but I can go online and place the order no problem? Really makes me want to not renew my subscription with Amazon or Prime....
Doesn’t send notifications about delivery status like it says it would.
The new update doesn’t let me filter the search by price ranges anymore. Before i could search for products between a certain price ranger ie “$10-$15” or “$20-$25” And so forth, but the new update doesn’t even give me that option. I have to sort products from low high now, but the app for some reason takes out a bunch of products when I sort by anything other than “relevance.” Like if there are 300 products, and I decide to sort by price or rating or anything other than relevance, then suddenly there are 120. I don’t know why it takes out a lot of the products, but it does.   Another thing I want changed is the recommendations. It used to have the \"not interested/I already own it\" feature on there. That made it easier for me to see anything I was actually interested in but now that it\'s gone, a lot of items I show no interest in are showing up and I can\'t make them go away. Like some of those things are showing up because someone else (a friend or family member) searched something on my account to see how much it would cost. So if that feature was back, I could get rid of the items that show up in my recommendations and see stuff that I want and be more likely to buy things considering, you know, I’d ACTUALLY see what I wanted. 
I love the app, never had any problems. I’m on amazon all the time. But I have to give a special shout out to the delivery peeps lately!! My last few packages have been concealed for me!! One behind a potted plant and another under the front door mat. Not to mention the delivery photos just to verify, I love it! Gotta keep loving me some Amazon!!!
The shopping cart has no feature to allow the user to continue with payment and shipping.
I use your services a lot!  Appreciate the business.  With that said, I am indeed having some issues.  You make it extremely difficult to purchase books.  For no reason that I can find an answer to, you will only show the “free” option for audio and kindle on the mobile apps when using the amazon app.  In addition, I do not see the pricing options in the apps.  Extremely confusing!!!!  I can go online to the web via the same mobile device and find the actual pricing of the book.  Listen, sometimes, I just want to know the price.   Please do not make it a forced option for customers to see the price by only signing up on the mobile app!!!  You want customers to find value and know that when a customer joins, they truly will be using the services.  Also, when sharing via a product, pls add an option to view via web. 
I love Amazon, I’m a diehard Apple user and Alexa is one of the few non-Apple devices I rely on. I’m a prime member and a dedicated Amazon user and supporter BUT this is the first time I’ve had a complaint. I’m already paying for prime membership do I really have to have these pop-ups like wish list tray?  I hated it when Amazon merged with audible.com and I still do but I bit the bullet and try to make it work but changes aren’t always a good thing. Sometimes I think the programmers get bored and right code so they won’t lose their jobs. The simplicity is slowly fading, there’s 3000 different kinds of prime memberships. Who can keep them all straight? And why should I have to work that hard? Apparently some of them are only for certain geographical locations. If that’s true, don’t show me the ones that don’t apply to my area. You have my address, Amazon.  Worst of all, since ios 11.2 the app freezes Constantly. I have to quit and re-launch about four times a day. Yes, my iphone 6s+ is a few years old. I’ve been too lazy to go into the store to upgrade but it’s not that because this is the only app I have to constantly re-launch. Could it be that you’re putting too many pop-ups and wish list trays into the app, Amazon? Stop. It’s stressful enough spending money don’t over complicate it. Anybody can be replaced. Don’t turn your back on the features that made you popular, ease of use. Goodbye 
Good easy to search and use. Needs improvement on stability.
Very Annoyed that it is virtually impossible to cancel digital orders with a mobile device.  Not very user friendly in this regard.  😡
Why am I being asked to put in my card information for a free app to update?
I want to use the app to purchase through the Amazon Smile program, but that’s not available. Why not make the app work with Amazon Smile?
Amason used to be great but now they are just money hungry. First off if you have a amazon gift card you can’t use it unless you have a credit card...change that because not everyone has a credit card. Secondly you can’t order an item under $25 anymore your entire order has to be $25 or order. Amazon needs to realize that people don’t have that much money. And I hate the ADD ON ITEMS you have to actually buy something else with it. Honestly amazon needs to think about this. Guess I have a gift card and can’t use it
Amazon makes my life easy and saves me a lot of time. I prefer to shop via Amazon!  Cheers! 
Just updated the app. Saved an item to a list. Didn’t give me an option of what list to add it to. Tried to view list. Told me my app was out of date and needed an update. Follow the link to the App Store and guess what? I have the latest app! Ever heard of QA? Perhaps less time on finding a second HQ and more time testing your app.
I used to be able to print from my phone when I had a return now I can’t even do that. This app is slowly turning into garbage. Every update removes good features.
Was a great app. With prime I use my iPhone to order but since the updates keep getting order errors and it doesnt complete the checkout and end up loosing the lighting deal
No Touch ID support? Ask to log in then says “something went wrong”. Complete trash. Can’t look at my orders. Can’t believe this is from amazon. Unbelievable
Overall, the amazon app is fine. It functions as you’d expect: you can buy things from amazon with ease. However, it is missing a LOT of what is available on the amazon app for your phone. There is no support for amazon fresh in the tablet version, and there is limited support for other amazon programs. Alexa voice capabilities are not supported in this version of the app. The app is also in need of a visual/UX overhaul, as the design is dated and the UX is not the most intuitive.
I don’t understand why Amazon only has 3 stars, it deserves at least 4. (I give it a 5). If you’re a student, it’s only 50 dollars a year. You cannot beat that. Free 2 day shipping from soooo many sellers, and competitive and affordable prices. Even 100 dollars a year is reasonable too. They offer incentives for choosing normal shipping, like 5 dollars towards amazon fresh(their supermarket app) or 1 dollars towards electronics(or clothes, etc.). I ordered my books for school and was offered free one day shipping at checkout. It would’ve cost me 300 dollars to buy the books, but I only payed 60 dollars by renting them.  What a relief. Thanks girl
A better and faster interface is needed, I don’t have the luxury of a laptop as of now, and when I tried buying a book, I noticed how slow it was, and it caused me to panic when I thought I bought multiple copies of the book, it ended up taking my money when I didn’t want all the books, but other than that, If it were a bit faster and easier to understand the app would be much more useful, as the site.
I’m a big Amazon user, but the app is horrible. It never works for me. It ALWAYS says “check your internet connection and try again” and never lets me get beyond that. This has gone on for months and months since first downloading it — and i keep returning thinking it might have been updated or improved, but no.  I’ve restarted my phone a hundred times, x-ed our the app and re-downloaded it, and obviously checked my internet connection... never works.   And while there’s some record of others having this issue, there’s no solution I can find.   Oh well, lost business for Amazon. 
I signed up for amazon prime for the year for $99 as advertised but instead of doing what I simply asked for they deny me yearly membership without cause and decide to charge my account $130 a year instead of the advertised $99 a year. When I asked for them to fix it, all I get told is you can cancel your account and that’s all we can do for you? Like what?! Talk about good customer service... yeah NEVER again will I bother with Amazon
This app worked fine until about a month ago. Now, when I go to check out, it keeps bumping back to my cart. I end up having to go to the regular website on my phone and complete check out there. So annoying.
Impossible to access Account settings, which don’t show in the menu. I.e. cannot view Prime Membership details or payment options. I have tried to report the problem to Amazon through their feedback email/chat, and was connected to 8 representatives whose only concern is to refer me to someone else. I hope they read these reviews.
My app isn’t working, it doesn’t want to connect to the internet
Advertised shipping is often incorrect and takes much longer. Costumer service is not like it was and now play around with you. You guys play stupid, playing stupid games not at all what Amazon was in the beginning
Hi, when using this app does my charity of choice still get a portion of proceeds from my purchase or do I need to continue making purchases through the website instead? Thanks! 
TURN THIS OFF, you may buy something of high cost and not even realize it! I am not too happy>:|
I still love Amazon as a company, but they are messing up this app. I absolutely hate that they have video ads now with no option to turn off for use on cellular data. Cause I really wanna give Verizon even more money hitting data overages because I simply scrolled into a crappy ad where they dip a tube shaped cookie into some third rate Amazon-wanna-be Nutella. Yeah that’s just great. Thanks. Oh and for all the new bugs too. Thanks.
They delivered my stuff in the wrong mailbox 3 times and I don't even get a refund for their mistake
I constantly get a message that the app can’t connect to the internet and to try again later. I usually end up deleting the app and re-downloading it. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn’t. It’s annoying.
Love the app. Buy all my textbooks from amazon. But the app keeps saying “something’s wrong” when I sign into my account through this app. It’s fine if I type it in using a browser though. Definetly needs fixed.
Amazon is not what is use to be. Shipping is longer than 2 days and even takes forever to ship. Had packages missing and arrive late past guaranteed time. Not worth paying prime membership and would rather watch movies on Netflix instead of amazon. Save your money and troubles and use target never had a problem with shipping and u don’t have to buy a membership for crappy shipping!
Why is the phone app so much better? I can’t see registries or add anything from this app. Please improve.
I have been waiting for the gear fidget spinner ever since March and I never got it yet and we lost some money for nothing.😡
Customer service trash. I gave amazon my address to ship directly to my house and for odd reason they sent it to another address. Bought the wrong part for my car cause it said it fit on my mustang. Bought an Alternator through amazon and it never work. And that wasn’t the last. I filed probably over 10 complaints last year and and non of them could speak English at all but the supervisor. I would never recommend nobody to amazon cause they trash overall
Apparently Amazon has decided we, the buyer, don’t count anymore. I had a hard time with the last order I placed - what should have been a simple book order turned into a pain in the butt. When I contacted the seller, they told me they would put a tracker on the package - which would have been wonderful, EXCEPT it was several more days before the package even shipped! Now, I would much prefer the TRUTH (something like “we haven’t shipped it, but we’ll still get it there by the date we said we would”) to a bald face LIE. And, personally, I’d like to warn other potential buyers. I think what some sellers are doing (probably even the one I dealt with) is they log the weigh bill into the USPS system as “this is where it’s gonna go - WHEN we get it to you,” but then don’t get it ready and send it for several days after that. Meanwhile, the customer gets all excited (wow, look at how fast they ship!), and it artificially inflates the seller’s response time. AMAZON - there should be some way you can track this sort of thing. I never did get a form to rate my order or the seller (not in the app, nor in the email), and my order took every single day possible - just barely squeaking in under the wire for “date promised.” And after having sent a request through YOU to the seller (for tracking), I would absolutely think you’d follow that up. So much for customer service.
As an enduser who without amazon would own nothing in their home, I must say why can’t I toggle between my personal and my business account with in the app? The web site should as well but really not the app? This is not a good CX. Also, this promotes low quality passwords being used for ease of toggling. Please consider this update. Thanks.
This rating applies to Amazon’s mp3 purchases only:  Keep a thorough record of your mp3 purchases, because you’ll need it. Amazon mysteriously deletes tracks from your cloud, but doesn’t tell you. When you call customer service to see what happened, they’re more than happy to refund your account so you can go back in a repurchase them, but there missing the point: They shouldn’t be deleting the tracks in the first place, and since they deleted them, THEY should be the ones adding them back. 
Always messing up now. Will delete and reinstall. Can’t chat with customer service it will freeze and it is always asking for password and then error will pop up.
I just want to but food. But i dont want to be freanking SCAMMED with the bs 14.99 amazon pantry. I was used to be able to but regularly withput this hassle but i am very dissatisfaction
Used to love Amazon and being Prime member was worth it. Now with every update they take a little or a lot more songs etc away. Just feels like you are getting cheated with every update with the guise of fixing something lol. Guess not making enough money eh? 😂
My go to online shopping platform.
Outstanding customer service and care. Good prices and super fast free delivery! THANKS! 
Doesn’t show review pics on my iPad.
I bought two different products at different times from different companies. Amazon send emails both times with delays for sending it to the incorrect carrier facility. My package is 8 days overdue! Terrible service and waste of money.
Getting a CS1 “no internet”. Been getting it for 2 weeks. Have uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing works. Writing review on the same phone where it says I have no internet.
Amazon is nothing more than a rip-off they think they can just take whatever money they want from you and say you authorize a purchase please nothing more than thieves the whole company is one of the biggest scams on the planet
I had an issue on an order and there customer service resolved it in under a minute.
Glitches and bugs are fixed quickly by a responsive development team, which I appreciate. App makes it easy to browse, purchase, and track orders.
Missing Account Switcher (Web App has). UPC scan hopelessly broken, formerly best in class. Walmart app has far surpassed it in speed and accuracy. Having to use ShopSavvy to scan UPC to find Amazon listings. Bring back good UPC scanning. 
I love amazon and have prime but for some reason on my iPad I can’t see the photos people uploaded to review products.
This app is the best for suff you want to be delivered to you instead of you having to buy it in the store.
You need to make the colors of the “add to cart” and the “one-click purchase” buttons much more different. I accidentally made a $114 purchase because of this problem. I thought I closed it before it completely loaded the page but it went through anyways. Amazon was really good a quickly responding to my refund request so that’s why I gave it 4 stars but they lost the 5th star based on the button problem.
You use it I use it everybody uses it saves you time gas energy and most of our money!!
returned this book and they won’t refund me the money for it. I’ve removed confirmation emails and tracking info for the item. Every time I talk to anyone about the situation they are extremely rude and are no help at all. Even though I have received emails from them stating the items been received they say that there is no records of me returning the items. The computer is crooked and quick to take money from my account but when the item has been returned they want to act like they can’t find the order or any history of me returning the book
Suddenly, my login works erratically. Sometimes I can login to place orders. Sometimes I can’t. Somehow there’s accidentally a double order but I never got far along enough for confirmation and now I can’t get it to let me login to cancel them.
Everyday if I open the app my cart is full of junk items (phone cases for phones that neither I nor anyone in my family has) that I would never even think of buying or looking at! I delete them but different ones get added the next day! I won’t open the app for a week and when I do it’s full of junk. It’s very creepy and I feel violated. The app is the only way I access my amazon account. I’ve changed my password multiple times but it doesn’t matter. I know my account hasn’t been hacked as no orders ever go through so it seems amazon is purposely placing these items in my cart hoping I’ll accidentally buy them! Very very shady practice. I may end up canceling prime if this continues.
Love the app. Love the quick response from developers. I use this app multiple times a day
This is such a bad thing I have never seen like this. Every time I add 4 items it’s just saying I can’t get free shipping. Each stuff has option to choose free shipping but some items doesn’t and if I try another time it never works. Please do something. This is makes me feel irritate.
I am unable to purchase kindle books from the amazon app on my iPad. I have to use my web browser/amazon.com to do this.
Spend your money elsewhere. I have Prime membership for the two day shipping. I had an order that was supposed to be delivered within two days; latest day being Sunday (today when I’m writing this). Today was the second day and the deliverer just passed my house. I got a notification from Amazon saying attempt failed, but he didn’t even stop at my house! So there goes my two day shipping that I pay extra for. Customer service was no help and the best they could do was have it shipped tomorrow. I wish they would have compensated me for this inconvenience. But they were no help. Not worth giving them my money.
My order sits for a week before actually shipping and it’s never two day shipping. If your going to send it snail-mail at least get it out the door faster!
I lost 30$ cause I wasn’t using a real gmail and I had the 30$ in my account but I couldn’t by nothing  and I redeemed it on the same phone and know that I have a gmail it’s says it’s already need redeem I wasted 30$
Doesn’t even support swiping from the screen’s edge to go forward and back. Cheap, undeveloped trash!
This app has a lot going for it. But it has an obvious flaw for those of us who have signed up for the AmazonSmile program.  The app can’t be used with placing orders under that program. Even the web add-on in the Firefox 57+ browser allows orders through Amazon Smile, but not this app. It can’t be the hard to remedy without have to switch over to a browser to order through that program. 
Thanks for fixing the toolbar bug. This is a great app, now the only improvement I would suggest is the ability to link to a smile charity through the app instead of having to use the website.
Two day delivery is a joke. They should just call it expedited delivery and not promise two days because it hardly happens. Several orders I’ve made have taken 4 to 5 days when they’re prime promised 2 day. Right now I’m waiting on something I ordered Wednesday that originally said I would get it Sunday but now it’s saying Monday. It’s nice to get things quicker, but don’t count on it. If you need something by a certain date order it at least a week in advance.
Need a link to pay bill
It's frustrating that I can't place orders using the Amazon app that benefit my chosen Amazon Smile organization. Amazon should add full Smile support for their mobile app so that users can do all the needed Smile related functions (including setting up Smile for the first time).
Where are the customer images like they are in the Android version? This app feels as though it is in early development.
So far a little but right after Christmas I ordered an item for two of my friends for it to say they would arrive Jan. 8.  But then 5 minutes after the orders disappeared and I did it again, and again, and again.  I waited to get to the house I’m moving in before I bought them something, I found out that amazon has been canceling my orders and I’m just asking why?  Thanks and hope for the fix
It's kind of a shell of an app.  It looks great. Does some basic things well, like loading pages, letting users make use of lists, etc... but the purchasing process is non functional.  Right before Christmas I put a few things in my cart that were "deal of the day". A couple of the items were very time sensitive.  I proceeded to the purchase part of the process and wound up on an endless loop of having to log in - over and over again.    After doing this repeatedly I still had time to purchase these time sensitive items, so I hustled and downloaded the app update. It wasn't updated... that had to be the problem, right?    Wrong.  Not to sound too dramatic here, but I, literally, stood outside in -9° because I was out shopping when this snafu was happening and I'd lose my signal inside the store I was heading into.  At any rate, the download finished, the application malfunction was not remedied.  I contacted online support, explained my problem of what happened, and their stellar customer support response was "so what is it you want me to do for you?".  Uhmmm... yah... Nothing, Amazon.  Do nothing.  I'll buy my Christmas gifts while I'm out today. I'm sure you're not losing any sleep over my, or anyone else's, consumer experience. Thanks. 🙄 
Works okay but leaves a lot of room for improvement. The whole thing is just specially formatted web pages rather than elements contained within the app itself, resulting in things like navigating being more “history” based like a browser.  Needs a complete rethink. 
I never thought I’d like shopping on line,but amazon has made it pretty easy even for a non techy person like myself lol but it would be nice if they would automatically send a return label with purchases in case the item needs returning. But at least ya don’t have to pay shipping just take it to ups store and they do charge for a label under$2.00 but I don’t return to many items just the ones that I change my mind with.like wrong size...etc have fun shopping the Amazon
Overall I really like using this app, but it gets 3 starts for 2 reasons: the number of bugs, most recently the issue with the top taskbar becoming unresponsive after a few minutes (have to view a wish list then search from there to make it work).  My biggest issue though is the service from USPS. Just like I’ve seen others mentions online and in my apartment building, there’s a real issue with getting packages delivered.  At my building, if it’s the weekend you’ve got maybe a 50/50 shot of it arriving, they will lie and say they cant’t “access the building”, when in reality they just don’t try to deliver it. Amazon will give you all the sympathy in the world, and even extend your prime membership but they just don’t get that no one cares about that—we just want our stuff on time! They need to switch back to UPS or FedEx and stop being cheap! 
Two day guarantee.. should mean exactly what you say... totally dissatisfied
KEEPS FREEZING!! Please fix bugs. This app is amazing. If you like to shop online, this app is for you.
Usually works great but today it’s freezing every time I open it. Also, disable list tray. I placed Christmas present ideas In lists and every time I open the app it shows the items which defeats the purpose of hiding them in a list.
I have been shopping with Amazon for many years with never a glitch. Suddenly, I cannot check out. “Something went wrong.” After two customer service calls, and missing gifts for my daughter’s birthday, I am instructed to wait for an email from the team. My instructions, “wait and be patient.” So, suddenly it has occurred to me how much I depend on this company for just about everything. My girls all live far away, grandchildren as well, and I live in the middle of nowhere. So Amazon, I will be patient while you get it together so that I may once again send gifts to my family, and I will be grateful.
I’m an amazon prime customer since the beginning. Up through 2016 or so I’ve never had a problem with the Amazon app.  In the same time, just to dig it in harder (because I’m angry this app’s failure just caused me to waste 50 minutes of my time sorting out their apps problems), Walmart’s app and shopping experience has gotten much better.  However, the past year (or maybe two), this app has become one of my most buggiest and frustrating apps I have.  I have it on all my iPhones and iPads and the problems are on all of them. Here are some of the issues off the top of my head: - problems remembering me. I have to log out and in frequently. - often logging out and in won’t fix issues, I’ll have to remove the app and reinstall it on all my devices to get it working again - won’t recognize Amazon gift cards consistently - when it does recognize Amazon gift cards, it often shows a zero balance on the gift card even though when I check the same gift card on my computer the full balance is shown. End effect: often cannot load gift cards via the iOS app - won’t show my past orders or order status (sometimes due to log in issues) - won’t let me purchase items - half of the time I install a new update from Amazon, the app no longer fully recognizes or authenticates me and I’ll need to uninstall and reinstall all over again  I suspect some of these issues are related to poor implementation of 2 factor authentication. However, other issues seem related simply to general poor code (such as the gift card showing incorrect balance).  Unless Amazon gets its act together with its app, I suspect that its app problems will only get worse with time as the app will get more complex and unwieldy over time.  This is what happens when a company becomes too powerful. Congress needs to break up Amazon. 
Lately; this app is “freezing” up. You would think that a big company like Amazon would take their app development more seriously. I used to like shopping on my phone with the app, but now it is a pain! I hope they fix it. If not , I’ll do my shopping elsewhere.
I have used the Amazon app for YEARS and have never had an issue. Now all of a sudden it freezes up EVERY TIME I use it. Please fix!  I don’t know that I can live with it!!
This app makes it way too easy for me to order just about anything I can think up.... love...   The new update... the top of the app is unresponsive- ... that’s where the search bar is!! Now I can’t order anything I can dream up... hate...   This is the only app that does it- so I know it’s not the phone...   help? 
This app has too many glitches. Half the time I have to get on my laptop to order products. Every time I go to check out on the app something goes wrong. Either I get stuck in a weird loop of clicking the same buttons over and over or there is just an issue and it won’t allow me to proceed with my checkout. I pay for a prime membership too and I have yet to be able to use my benefits because it will never allow me to on my phone. Thinking about ending my relationship with Amazon all together. They really need to step up their game if they want to keep happy customers.
It would be nice if you could easily switch account to your business account. Maybe I just don’t see it? Something like google drive set up would be great. Or just duplicate the app in the App Store with a new creative name like.... “Amazon Business”
Jeff Bezos  is giving Dreamers $33 million? Well goodbye amazon.  You need to help the homeless in our country and our veterans.  I loved shopping with you but not anymore.
Bezos would rather support illegal aliens than pay his employees enough to get off of gov’t assistance. What a cheapskate!
I will order something and then minutes later it will disappear! I have never had this problem before and it makes me want to delete this app and use another one instead. Also the things I already bought won't leave my orders tab and it's not enjoyable to think you ordered something twice and wasted money on something you already bought and received. I was also told I would get an email about fixing it in the next 24 hours. I didn't receive the email. This app is too much work for me to handle. other then that the products, product searches, and product filters are great.
Buggy...non functioning 'back' and 'see all lists' features.  Uninstall reinstall seems to be working to resolve it. 
If Jeff Bezos can create $33 million for illegal immigrants in the US to go to college he should match that for veterans and poor Americans. Especially inner city kids.   Just wow. 
The Amazon app needs to have just one app instead of having multiple different apps for your needs. Just one centralized app that can do it all so you don’t have to go back and forth.
DON'T THESE KAZILLIONAIRES HAVE ENOUGH CASH TO FIX THIS MOTHER FUKKING APP GET IT DONE SLACKERS
I get error messages when logging into cart to submit purchase and while i’m attempting to review past orders. It also has been crashing when I change delivery address before purchase. I have to move to a web browser to finish purchases.
I have found this app to be versatile and useful, and I use it extensively for account-related functions and shopping, but I WILL NOT place orders with this app unless and until it syncs with my Amazon Smile settings.
Love the ease of use and products and prices
Amazon is good but it would be great if they had a Amazon garage app for cars and trucks
So this app which was a good way of ordering stuff quickly is little by little becoming a bloated app whose purpose is to deliver ads to you.  It’s starting to feel Orwellian. 
Many touch events are not working in the latest build released today. I wish there was a revert to previous version option.
The buttons are not responsive most of the time. I tap and I tap and it takes me no where.  Their website is so much better.  Pay some money and get some good devs. 
So everything is going mobile. Everything. But you are going to tell me the only way to support my Favorite charity when I shop at Amazon through the Amazon smile program is on my desktop? No option on the iOS app!!!! Seriously??? I budget on my phone. I bank in my phone. I visually renovate homes on my phone. I email my elected officials on my phone. I rarely use my desktop anymore. So cmon Amazon. Get with it and support Amazon Smile on iOS or create a new app. This is just plain wrong. Or lazy?
Amazon ended up locking my account when i couldn’t confirm a card i didn’t have
I made the mistake of doing some of my Christmas shopping off Amazon.com.  I ordered an item, then after I ordered it, amazon.com changed the picture, and sent me the item they changed the picture to.  So I ended up with an item that I never wanted or even ordered.  The worst part is that they would not give me a refund, they would only credit my account.  I'm now being forced to spend my money with a company that gave me the worst customer service experience of my life.  Please do not let this happen to you.
For the past six months I haven't been able to checkout using the app. It repeats screens several times and then will kick me back a step. It is very frustrating.   I updated the app and I'm constantly checking the App Store for updates for this app in particular to see if it will get fixed.   I guess it's saved some money on impulse buys, but I miss the convenience of being able to order things on my phone/not having to boot up the computer. 
I would like to make a recommendation to improve your app dealing with entering new card information. Could it please ask for billing address instead of defaulting it to the shipping address. Many of my orders are not to my home address which is my billing address
Very bad messages, notifications, tools and more! Bad they can do better but it looks it’s made to fraud, delay, misguide, trouble, and much more knowing the majority of the people will not speak, talk, stand for themselves and get what they deserve, need and what is theirs after lost or win!
Overall I’m quite satisfied with the app, but most of all I love the chat feature. I had an issue with a charge for a channel subscription and after a few minutes of talking with some customer service reps, I was refunded my charge. The chat feature is awesome, especially for those of us who don’t like talking on the phone. Thanks Joshi and Abigail!
Literally loved this app until a few months ago. The app requires to enter password OR to use your Touch ID to either review past and recent orders, and to make purchases. As others have stated it does not work and says “an error has occurred”.   To make it more irritating every item I had in my “save for later” has completely disappeared. So I had to relocate things and just put them in my cart when I was ready to buy or having it sit in my cart until I can get to a computer. It won’t even link up and show when I go from the app to the computer either it turns out. 
I love Amazon and its reliable, helpful, supportive team but here are the areas they need to improve:  1. After wasting time editing and/or updating my reviews, it won’t get through even after many attempts.  2. I ordered same item for the fourth time, but when I tried to update my review, I got denied because it says I’m not an “Amazon Verified Buyer/Purchaser”.  3. The viewers ranking ‘seems’ to have some flaws. It ‘seems’ to make some viewers very high even with less helpful reviews overall.   4. The question nobody had answered and are too old or not relevant anymore stays stuck on your profile. No delete option.  5. The shipping date of 10 to 14 days changed to estimated delivery of up to 21 days upon checkout.   But I’m satisfied with Amazon customer service and they are my top choice. This review is only a small matter related to their app. Amazon remains the best for me. 
Good app, very functional, I like it. The BIG strike is that it does not support amazon smile. I want my purchases to help the organization I support and this requires logging into the website. This needs to be fixed, else it just looks like Amazon doesn’t actually want to support smile charities if it doesn’t have to.
I’ve been using amazon for years but unfortunately I’m deleting this app now. They changed delivery carrier from UPS to USPS and they barely meet the expected delivery days. I was a die hard amazon fan but this new shipping system doesn’t do it for me. Always a day or two late. Deleting and cancelled the membership.
I’m disabled enough walking hurts. Shopping requires help. Amazon saves me! The UPS puts inside for me. Returns easy no hassle. Chat support is quick and offer me a credit for my inconvenience ?! No wonder everyone trying to catch Amazon. Service is really the key. Great service. Thank you! If we would just get an Amazon fresh ....
Whisper automatically redirects me here repeatedly to give you a poor rating. Just following through with what feels right at this point. Stop constantly redirecting me here and my review may change.
I pay for an annual membership and yet I have to deal with ads playing while I’m shopping on this app which disables any audio to be played while I have this app open! Fix this!!!
When I first started ordering from Amazon in March of 2017 I was so pleased with the service, but lately, my orders are backed up, their later and later, and I’m always buying things, but I’m getting less satisfied with the business
It would be nice if we could support selected charities from the app instead of the website. I suppose I could delete the app and bookmark the page I want to use.
This app runs slow on my iPhone X and iPad mini 4! Very cumbersome to use, it almost makes me want to take my laptop out to shop on Amazon.com. Sometimes it doesn't connect until I refresh the search two or more times.   The customer service chat feature is the worst! Type a message out, but there is no preview of the message until you hit "done" button, so make sure you don't misspell anything!  Speaking of the "done" button, I was chatting with a service representative (who was really nice by the way), I had to press the "done" button upwards of a dozen times before each message would finally send. Once again, this app makes me want to shop with a real computer at times.   I'm honestly shocked that Amazon would put out such a terrible app. 
I love the app except for one thing.  I don’t want to have to verify my stupid credit card for purchases regardless of where I choose to ship it. It makes my purchases less convenient because when I’m relaxing and shopping online, I don’t want to go get my wallet and dig out my credit card info.  My Account has a password, my credit cards have protection against fraud.  Please don’t over regulate me.  Ugh!!
App itself is generally fine, gets the job done.   But the buzz notification for adding items to your cart IS THE WORST.  Please add an off switch.  I despise apps that make my phone buzz when I’m using it. 
Bought a Xbox and PlayStation gift card 30mins  ago and still didn’t get the code
Still can’t purchase kindle books in the app.  But I can purchase everything else though. 🤔  ******  Not excited about his amazon fresh. I have to pay $15 monthly. And pay more to ship if I don’t spend $50. Furthermore items are all over be place. Pantry, Prime, and Fresh. There’s no way I can spend $50 b/c items are strategically available on different platforms... which requires me to pay even more for shipping.   I recommend using a local grocery store’s delivery service instead. One place to get all of your groceries. 
Used to be great... couple weeks now I can shop, add to cart, etc. Now when i click check out it scans my face, acknowledges, then goes to a white screen and says error.  If i cancel and try again, it'll go, but then if i try to change shipping address, payment method, or anything else, same issue.   have resorted to the mobile web site. 
App has been having issues lately with notifications. For some time, I wouldn’t get any now it constantly tells me there’s new spark announcements even though I have those notifications turned off.
I have now reached the level of “I feel like smashing my phone” due to repeated (6 times) attempts to change my password because Azon  does not recognize the only password I’ve ever had. I have followed the reset steps each time only to be given the same response, my email or password is incorrect. Well, given that they send me a code to enter to my email, it must be my password is wrong, but wait, I just created a new one, how could it be wrong? Oh, if I want customer service guess what I have to enter? That’s right, my password! AARRRGGHHHHH 
Any time I try to sign in, it says “Sorry something went wrong. Try again later.” I just end up opening up chrome on my phone to buy stuff.
It just says sorry try later like com on bro joust want to see my garage
There entire parent prime house hold bs is bs. If you leave a household, it locks you out of your connected account.
The only way I can order anything through amazon is through the actual website. I’ve reset my password, I’ve tried signing out of the app, I’ve tried uninstalling and reinstalling and no matter what I always get a BS something went wrong error message. It is SO frustrating to be able to shop in the app and browse all I want while signed in, but then I go to check out and it makes me put in my password and I get an error message. I’ve contacted customer support and they can’t figure it out either.
Every time I try to place an order I get kicked back one step (review your order). Every time I try to view my past orders I get caught in a "enter your password" "sorry something went wrong loop". This has been going on for three or four MONTHS. To actually place an order I have to use a mobile browser. Amazon is a massive tech company. Get it together, Jeff Bezos! You're slippin'
The new ship tracking interface is really dumb, bring back the old green bar.
The app doesn’t let me check out... takes me back to my shopping cart after I pick a shipping address. App is useless if I can’t buy my items unless I’m on a physical computer
I am very frustrated that I can no longer use one click on this app because it no longer allows for me to choose free shipping over $25.   I was one of Amazon’s first customers back in the early days when it was only books and I buy thousands of dollars worth of goods on here per year. And this is just LAME. I have read all the help pages and nothing works...and the chat function is a joke. No real person to chat with. Just a bot that takes you to the same useless ‘help’ pages you just read but we’re not helpful. What happened to the great customer service I used to get from this company???? 
This is a great app to shop and purchase Always feel secure in my payment There is no down side
Keeps erroring out. I used to be able to put items in my cart then the next time on on my Mac I could process the order. Can't even do that now. 🙁
I had ordered many, many items before using a PO Box. All of a sudden they stopped allowing me to get my items shipped there. I live in a rural area and don't get mail delivery. Talked to customer service and they were absolutely pathetic. Got switched between different people and nobody could give me a clear answer why.
I ordered something with prime and it said two days till delivery but instead it got here in seven days!!!!! Very ticked off!!! Horrible app!!!!😡
I think this app is great. Always a go to, even when I’m at a store I use it to price match.
Why can’t I buy a Kindle book from either my Kindle itself or the Amazon App? Why do I have to go to Safari to buy something? What - you don’t want my money? I can buy other things - why not Kindle books?
Love the app, but I wish it would connect to the Amazon Smile link so that I can also help others while making a purchase. Every little bit counts.
Not happy with sellers not disclosing items are coming from China or Europe. I expect an item to ship 2-3 days after ordering and it’s over a week later then it actually ships. This does you no good when you need the item fast. Not only that, the shipping information is so uninformative it’s doesn’t help at all. All you know is shipped and delivered.
By apps like whisper.  Makes me want to delete them all.
I have updated, deleted, reinstalled ———repeatedly. I have to use web browser. Prime customer not happy!!!!!
I don’t know why, but for the past few months or so (I didn’t use the app as much before) I experience an issue with connectivity!!! Like 50% of the time! Like i could be on WiFi or my LTE and it will tell me I have no internet connection. Which makes no sense because I’m using my phone just fine with any other app that requires internet. So then i have to use safari instead and that works fine. But then what’s the point of the app? Anyway, please address this issue! Thank you 
BUG - I’ve used the Amazon Application for a long time on previous iPhones. Since the latest update or at least the version for the iPhone X copying the shipping tracking number needs to be fixed.   Trying to press and hold the tracking number doesn’t highlight the tracking number so you know you’re copying the correct information. You can copy it by press and holding just above the tracking number and hoping you’ve copied the right thing. 
It’s crap because every time I order something and I go out of the app then come back it’s gone so I have to re order it and stay on the app
Easily one of the worst apps I have used, never works and just redirects to the web site, if you like opening apps that say error please try again, then this is the app for you
My default payment method is a credit card, but Amazon always defaults to my gift card balance. I used to be able to change my payment method back to a credit card. Since I changed my password I can't change payment methods. Makes the app unusable. I think amazon should be better than this.
Whether I’m on WIFI or LTE/4G, when I open the amazon app I get an error that says “can’t connect to internet.” I’ve deleted the app and reinstalled, closed and reopened, signed in and out, and everything else I can think of. Even checked the app settings.
Half the time the info is wrong or incorrect and the other times barely an image to know what you are looking at. Between that and customer service, wait, sorry no customer service it’s ridiculous. I have better luck guessing then relying on amazon. Forget about 2 day prime shipping, that’s just a lovely bait and switch advertising gimmick, must be 2 days when it feels right to them.
I find all of amazon apps to be confusing and difficult to use. I can usually figure it out but it takes much more time and energy than I would like it to.  For example , I’m trying to purchase a kindle book. I can’t get it from the kindle app. I have to sign into my Amazon account. Then I’ll find the book I want and it will tell me it can’t be purchased through this device.  I wanted to purchase an Audible selection. I found the one I wanted and it said I didn’t have my credit card info. I signed into my amazon app and I can’t find where to enter it.  Lastly, I was charged for one of my paid apps on the Firestick.  I wanted to go into amazon to double check which one I was charged for. (I have another person in my house who tries to add apps without permission) i couldn’t go in through my phone. I had to go into the section on the TV.   I just don’t find it very user friendly. 
Their customer service lack intelligence and integrity. They ask you to set up an email but it will not allow you to because your email is already in use. They give you the run around when you orders are lost. Totally rude.
Why do I need to be notified every time someone I know downloads this garbage app??? That’s not s message that’s Facebooks terrible self promotion of their useless app that could have just remained a part of their other useless app. Seriously stop making up reasons for me to open this garbage. Maybe if you were a credible source of actual notifications everyone wouldn’t hate you so much...
It opens your amazon app only to take you to amazon.com on safari.
I have NEVER had this issue with my Amazon app and I am a heavy user of Prime. Use it to buy almost everything except groceries. And even then I use Prime Now pretty frequently.  -Won't let me choose shipping, keeps putting me back to checkout overview -Keeps logging me out -KEEPS ASKING TO RE-ENTER PW EVERY NEW PAGE 
I HATE it when they charge the wrong credit card. I've had to call customer service to cancel the amazon credit card numerous times and it's still an open account. I ordered something less than an hour ago, and now the app will not let me cancel it immediately even though I had a 12 hour window to have it shipped by Monday.
I have been a long-term Amazon customer and recently paid the $100 for Amazon Prime membership, primarily because of their advertised “Free 2-day shipping” with Amazon Prime. Since then, over a dozen items I’ve ordered have taken 10-15 days to arrive. The app and Amazon website are mis-leading and day things like “Ships within 2 days” but provides NO estimate of when it will arrive. I even spoke with an Amazon customer service rep (from a call center in India?) who said that the app and website DO NOT give you the estimate of when the package will arrive until after you place the order and it has been processed. If it ships and isn’t due to arrive until the 10th of the following month, you cannot cancel the order or request a refund until after the package arrives AND you reject the package AND it is received back at Amazon. Very misleading. It would be far more honest and consumer-oriented to change the app and website to give you an HONEST estimate of when the item will ARRIVE, so that you can make an informed decision of whether you want to make the purchase through Amazon or if you’d prefer to just drive to the nearest store and buy it there instead.
Love the ease in which Amazon helps me spend my money. Love the “Buy now” feature. A couple of things I would love to see changed.  1. On sensitive items, have an option when ordering to place the review in a private area, instead of with all others.  2. Allow an alias to be used for reviews on sensitive products for privacy.  3. Allow me to delete reviews in my account.  4. Be more accurate and honest with delivery dates.  Otherwise, I love the app and ease of doing business with Amazon. 
Amazon dropped the ball...... again. This item was guaranteed delivery, but they drug their feet shipping this out and it got delivered AFTER we left for our ski trip. I contacted them 3 times, one of those before it even shipped and got conflicting information, and they ultimately guaranteed it will arrive on time. This is becoming a trend with Amazon. 5th item in two months that missed the guaranteed date. Terrible customer service.
I can browse lately but mobile apps on phone & iPad not letting me order and often can’t access my lists. Pretty useless & forcing me to shop less since I’ve had to do all the actual ordering from laptop.
It NEEDS an Apple Watch companion. I have begged amazon over the phone to PLEASE make an amazon app, music app, and an audible app for the Apple Watch.
Love this app and use it all the time. Would give it 5 stars if I could buy ebooks for my kindle with it. Amazon, please add that functionality.
It prompted me to start using Face ID to access my orders, check out, settings, etc. it doesn’t work though. It always shows and error and since I can’t access settings I can’t turn it off. Really frustrating cause I constantly use this app for things I can’t go buy because of my work and school schedule. Seriously considering cancelling my Prime account because the app is no longer convenient and only causes problems.
I love amazon but I’ve been charged several times for the annual prime membership without my consent.
Either I can’t figure out how to turn off 1-step ordering or it can’t be turned off. Either can be a recipe for disaster. I had something “accidentally” ordered by my daughter because she hit ONE wrong button. Now I am either stuck with something or I have to send it back and eat the shipping costs because of a stupid feature that I cannot disable. Wit a joke.
I've been scammed twice now on this app for 50 dollars that I wish I could have back. If you want to save money, use a different online shopping app.
The current version has several annoying bugs but the deal-breaker is that I can’t place an order!! (1) Touch ID does not work at all. Even after I enter the password manually, I’m prompted to re-enter it every time I select a different menu option, change lists, access the cart, etc. (2) after logging in manually, I receive an error “Oops, something went wrong.” I have no idea what that would be, because the app still lets me continue doing whatever I was doing. (3) this is the important one - PAY ATTENTION AMAZON - I can’t please an order through the app. When in the Shopping Cart, I click proceed to checkout and I’m prompted to select the Delivery address. Not a big deal except the app previously showed the default address, which could be changed if needed. Now I have an extra, unnecessary step.  Then I click Deliver to this Address, the app returns me to the Shopping Cart. Really?   I’ve uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but no improvement. 
Amazon prime, I trusted my families Christmas gifts to you. Not only did you not deliver, you didn’t even tell me. If my family hadn’t asked,  who would have spent my $200 ?  Not a lot for you maybe. But everything to me.
Amazon has the best team that provides help for any problem, they respond so fast to any issue. They have nice staff, and do any and everything they can to solve any issues. 5 stars!!!
Sometime in the last few updates, my Amazon app no longer allows me to make a purchase or to search my orders. After inputting my password, I get "Oops! Something went wrong!" Every. Time. Don't bother downloading this POS app because when you choose "app support" in the store, it sends you to a pointless faq page that doesn't actually allow you to send in feedback. Save yourself the headache and just order from a web site. Also, I hate that I can't turn off notifications that I never asked for, don't want and don't need.
How can i get Amazon Smile on the app?  I am always having to use the web.
I accidentally ordered two things with really high prices and I need money for something, and it’s not close to shipping but they said they couldn’t cancel the order.
I would give this app 5 stars if 2 annoying things were fixed.  1. Let me buy Kindle books through the app 2. Until you let me buy Kindle books through the app, or give me a link to the website to purchase it, PLEASE let me open the full website in my browser without redirecting me to the freaking app!!!! 
I got this app just so I could downloads books for my kindle. But you can’t download books from the app?? Since I use amazon basically just to buy books, this is very frustrating.
Why can I not buy e-books on this application? I suspect I know and it’s stupid! Why can I not watch videos on iTunes? The copyright laws in this country are idiotic. But the only place I’m able to buy any book is on my laptop online, so dumb? This app is virtually unless!
Amazon has anything and everything you need, even the things you don’t even need nor want!  You can track packages now and that’s awesome so now I know there’s no problems and I can see what dates it’ll come in! It’s definitely worthy of 5 stars!
Amazon tech support stated the problem “is Apple’s fault” but regardless of why, we can no longer make purchases via the App. Without that ease of use there is little reason to use Amazon over Walmart etc.
It constantly asks for me password which I correctly enter but then will say that there is an error. Well, the error still lets me submits orders properly. So which is it is it?
The iPhone app let's you access account info, but the iPad app doesn't. That didn't make sense to me, and since I've had so many GREAT experiences with Amazon, I thought maybe I was just missing it, so I reached out to Amazon, and after a lengthy back-and-forth, they could neither confirm nor deny that this feature was part of the Amazon app, they just told me if I couldn't find it on my own, it might not be part of the app.   Sad! 
I love Amazon this app will get you any service. I love the products and the service is top rate.
The app on my iPhone and iPad do not give me the option to purchase only download a sample.  Amazon customer service has not been able to solve my problem.  I can purchase and download from my MacBook with no problem.
After this experience I won’t do business with Amazon again. The third party seller whom they contracted with told me that I would they  get back the purchase price for the shirt which was $55.99; that they would not refund the shipping fees.  So I expected to receive $55.99. I did not receive what I expected, it was shy $15.00. I have only purchased a few items through this company and I am not impressed. I won’t be back.  I have given them 5 years off and on of opportunities. No more.
App didn’t warn me that you can’t apply a promo and coupon to same order. Gave customer service a chance to rectify situation and they failed. 0 stars
Amazon itself has amazing phone service. They also have amazing policies that take care of the customer. But this app allows you to chat with “customer service” but as cheesy as this sounds, it’s absolutely customer disservice.   The reps take a very long time to help, if they help at all. It literally seems like in everything there always has to be one problem and that problem is absolutely their live “help”. The reps won’t answer questions, they answer very awkwardly on things I had no idea were awkward, it’s like I’m talking to a completely different company when I use the app. I actually uninstalled the app due to the horrible service.   Until they fix the farm they send the app requests to, I suggest calling them or using an email option. Having app reps who are far below a. It also standard of customer service, made me paranoid of having that team of people having access to my personal information inside the app. I do still purchase items and love amazon itself, but their app has actually made me paranoid to use it. 
I want to know when something arrives. Gots lots of stuff arriving from amazon from multiple carriers all times of day. Notifications only allow me to have both shipping and arrival notifies. Don’t care when it ships. With modern day Amazon that almost doesn’t matter anymore. I want to know when it’s on my doorstep and only that.  Also how about a notification complication for the Apple Watch once the first issue is addressed.
I love Amazon. I just ordered something using free shippping, and it estimated a week, but the next day it said it was coming tomorrow by 8 pm. The speed of getting your order is so fast, and they have everything you can think of. This is the only app I use for online ordering, and it is really great. Highly recommend getting this over any other online shopping app!
Why Am I Paying For Prime If Your Still Going To Flood My App With Add(s) Some Adds Are Now Autoplay Videos. Not Okay. I Can Understand To Show Adds To Regular Non Prime Members. But Don’t Penny Pitch On Your Loyal Prime Customers. 
I went to buy something on amazon & a pop up appeared from amazon stating download the amazon app & we'll give you $5 off your first $10 purchase. I didn't happen. I contacted Amazon customer service who bounced me around to 4 different people. Not one of them had a clue & I had to repeat my question 4 times.  I just gave up & deleted the app. 
The application prompts for authentication way too often. I cant do anything without it prompting me for my password. If you have a highly secure password like me then entering it every single time is very frustrating.  Please relax the reauth requirement. I would luv to shop and check my orders wo being prompted.  Also entering amazon gift cards prompts for password and then gives error. 
The app is great and I buy everything through here but what happened to the option for smile.amazon?  I purchase many items thinking my charity is going to get its donation but your app has no link only through the website. Extremely misleading!  Please adjust...St. Jude’s Children are worthy of my donation and would like to continue. #savethechildren 
I was shopping on their account for baby things. I was looking at my checkouts and went back and forth on my cart to check if i have everything i need~ i did not placed any order yet but i received an email saying that i ordered this one thing that is still on my cart! On top of that they processed my account to prime membership which i did not want... 😡😡😡
Like other reviewers I have been unable to make purchases from my app. I could add items to my cart, but when it was time to check out it would require me to input my password. And after submitting my password, I would receive a “something went wrong” error message. This has occurred over the past several months.  So today I deleted and reinstalled the app, and was able to conduct business as usual. No problems whatsoever.   This is a great app, but it can be frustrating if the above occurs. Therefore, delete and reinstall, and all will be better. 
Amazon is SCAM . I paid for overnight shipping but took 4 days to get my stuff delivered.
Amazon USED to be the best way to online shop! I always added more items to ALL my orders to qualify for free shipping and I loved the recieving my amazon boxes in a timely manner. Now they hold orders for 10-12 days before even “preparing to ship”. I am very disappointed in their negative efforts to force shoppers to pay for subcriptions to Amazon Prime for the fast shipping they once offered all qualified ($35.00 or more) shoppers before Amazon Prime. Everyone needs to unsubscribe from Amazon Prime to force them to return to fast service for all qualifying purchases!! Until then I’m looking elsewhere.
Was good until last update. Always has errors when placing orders now and for some reason my finger print isn’t signing me in anymore and not taking my password. Works on safari though.  It says “something went wrong”. So annoying!!
I couldn’t find a way to access Amazon Smile through my app, which is super disappointing. I love that feature of Amazon and I will just have to shop via browser unless this issue is corrected.
Dear Amazon! My iPhone knows that you are digging deep to get users data and from TV app also. So I am watching movies but internet is dropping every 15 min for two reasons one it takes lot of data to stream TV but if that was the case then YouTube and Netflix could also drag Wi-Fi speed but that doesn’t happen so another possibility is that you guys are just digging in for data and that’s the reason Wi-Fi is slowing down. Whether digging of the data is anonymously or privacy violence but it is indeed doing it and that is making a very bitter experience of streaming movies on the Samsung TV app. Now either you can blame it on Samsung TV software itself which might be possible as they do so. But in all this what we on user end experiencing is terrible suffering while watching a movie. I have no idea and by any means I cannot get any idea who the culprit to give this bitter experience of watching TV with this dropping internet connection. I hope if its your end then it will get well soon or if it is Samsung TV then hope they will also get well soon. 
Decent app. Please enable use with Apple Watch. I’d love to be able to receive notifications, updates and stream music
I’m giving this one star for a couple of reasons. I still have to go to my computer to make a purchase if I want to use Amazon Smile to support a charity. Although it does help that I can add items in the app and they’re in my cart when I go to my computer. Amazon needs to add the Amazon Smile to their app. Also, I was supposed to get a $20 credit from Amazon for installing the app and signing in for the first time and it’s been over two weeks. I have yet to see my credit.
Love the app update but difficult to get to sellers account from the app. Please rectify!
I constantly get the “something went wrong” warning.  I can’t make purchases because of it. I thought a purchase went through and the package never arrived.
Love that I can shop Amazon, but am annoyed at the needless bells and whistles. For example, my phone vibrates every time I add something to my cart... how is that remotely necessary? At least make it an option that can be disabled.
I don’t understand why I can’t purchase a kindle book in this app on my iPhone. I have to go out of the app and go to the full site in order to purchase a title. I can download a sample but not purchase it.
I put $50 onto my account to buy a playstation card. I confirm the purchase and it shows i buy it. Then it gets cancelled automatically and then when I thought I finally got it to work, it says my account has been disabled. Will I ever even be able to use the $50?
AMAZON ALWAYS WANTS ME TO SPEND MORE THEN MY GIFT CARD BALANCE ! OVER TIME AMAZON HAS BECAME REALLY GREEDY SHIPPING SAYS FREE WHEN IT’S REALLY NOT!
I’m fine with the way the app is set up, BUT one of my most used features when shopping on Amazon is checking the photos in reviews to see real life images of the products. The app hasn’t allowed me to do this on my iPad Pro for some time now, so I mostly have to use the browser version of the site anyway. Is this feature coming back to the app or should I just delete it? Frustrated.
I have few issues on the iPhone but the iPad app freezes and needs a big UI update. It’s quite ugly and uninviting. It doesn’t make me want to use the app which hurts Amazon in the end. Making the app better can only help their bottom line which makes me wonder why they don’t.
Just like on the iPhone it needs a customer pic gallery for the app.
I tried to order somethings for my friend and send the items to her house and I put in the address but I accidentally sent it to my address but the app won't let me edit or cancel my order as of 30 minutes after the purchase as of which I have been trying for the entire time
So far so good. 👍I have amazon prime and I swear this app gives me life!!i love everything about this app and they make sure that it arrives on time! This is the best shopping app ever and I’m addicted!
I downloaded the Amazon app for the ease of shopping on my phone. However when I use my finger print it just says ‘something went wrong’ and never loads. The same thing happens. It’s made the app virtually unusable. I might just delete it.
Downloaded because I saw a promotion where I'd get $10 off a purchase of $20 or more when signing into the app for the first time. Then realize that I wouldn't get the deal for 7 business days in my email. Never got the email, so I called customer service. They never heard about the promotion so wouldn't honor it. Deleting the app now because they don't know what promotions they are running.
I find the Amazon app to be fine but I would definitely enjoy that pay pal feature to be able to pay for things also because I don't really like using cards or my personal bank account for transactions so please integrate Pay Pal!!!!!!
Can’t buy or access or print gift cards with the app. After Face ID is approved, error message says “Oops... something went wrong.” What’s going on?!
I can’t get rid of the badge notification for this app, so I am temporarily rating the app a 2; I’ll come back and adjust to five whenever this is fixed.
Well first off I’d like to say the app itself as far as purchasing is well’mm good but I’m not exactly at all satisfied at being able to get a hold of customer service. I will probably not be shopping here anymore due to their lack of response to my requests for help
Amazon smile does not work thru the app
The app is easy to use and has lots of great features, including price comparison.  However, it is not compatible with the Amazon Smile program, where 1/2 of a percent of my purchase goes to my favorite charity, Institute for Justice.  I have to add everything to my basket and then order through my browser.  It’s a small donation to a great organization Amazon, make it apply to ALL of my purchases regardless of the platform I order on!
Gift options only work every now and then. The cart is always jacking up. Address section will not stay updated and it sent my stuff to an old address I had removed. 1 out of every 3 uses this clunky app messes up. Not worth the “ease”.
Get $20 off when you get app and sign in... blah blah blah.. didn’t want the app.. got it because of the promo and never got my coupon .. been almost 2 weeks.. will be deleting now
When I go to the website it routes me to the app no matter what and your app is completely garbage!  I can’t change payment options I can’t change shipping speeds I can’t get the amazon prime notification about streaming and music to stop popping up!  Y’all are killing retail and then online shopping too The app is now garbage! You guys need to start all the way over i think! 
The app makes you jump through hoops to  ship to a new address, but after jumping through those hoops, if you're not careful, it will simply ship to the default address. Should be smart enough after adding a new address to ask if your should go to the new address. Poor UX.
I love this app...but I have deleted and downloaded this app over and over again. There is a notification badge that I can’t get to go away. I have checked everything. I can thing of, to no avail. Please, can you fix this or tell me how to?! Thanks!
They canceled my order and investigated my account without my permission. One recent customer service didn’t even read the whole previous chat and left the chat while I was explaining the problem exclaiming restrictions. Super rude! If you are bounded to rules, put rules on customers first, will you? I will never buy from this site anymore! เวรเอ่ย
STOP TAKINGGGGG MY FUKKIN MONEYYYYYY IF YOU SEE I DIDNT FUKKIN PURCHASE IT IN MY NAMEEEEE!!!!   I WANT MY FUKKIN MONEY BACK OR ELSE IM TAKING LEGAL ACTIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What is that? How can this app be created with such a narrow-minded focus as to miss the ability to buy?
It is harder to browse Amazon using the app than it is in Safari. Not that it matters though, since the authentication mechanism is broken and neither entering your password nor using touchID lets you make a purchase. Lame.
Jeff Bezos worked hard to become the boot and he has used his wealth with tyrannically. The workers deserve much more than the slave compensation Bezos withers to them. 🙌 to the hard working people of Amazon and the big ol’🐦 to Jeff Bezos and Amazon! Go on strike if you have to!
Order today (Thursday, Dec. 21) with Prime, and receive by next Wednesday (dec 27). Wow. Why am I even paying Prime?   Also have had some pretty rude customer service reps as of late. I know things are crazy during the holidays, but this isn’t ok. 
Amazon is just not trustworthy. They allow sellers who rip people off and take no responsibility for that. With all the power they have, they could at least bet their sellers and protect their customers. Eventually people are just not going to trust them and they will look elsewhere.
Every time I go to order something it has me choose the shipping address over and over again or it will pop up with a message that says “something is wrong” I love amazon and I pay for prime. Please fix the app so I can buy things or else I don’t know if it’s worth it to pay for prime.
Amazon and the company delivery “UPS” Are the worsts 
Ever since they moved their customer relations over seas it’s been going down hill! I call can’t understand the other person who is illiterate to multiple issues  Every time there’s a issue your call service or chat makes it worse!!  Glad this opened my eyes before the renewal date!! I will be canceling!!! 
Easy to use and never stop improving! Keep it up team Amazon!
The app is great for shopping and buying.  However, thats where it stops.  Amazon customer service has always been pretty shotty over the years, and they also try to prevent you from contacting them as much as possible by burying the ability to or out right preventing it and forcing you to use online help which only can answer maybe half the questions.  I worked for an outsourcer with Amazon in the past and it was as bad then this is when their contact info by email or phone was easily accessible.
I added something to a list and several hours later when reviewing a different order, discovered it had been ordered. I a, confident the app was at fault because I had other items in my cart that were still there. No one touch buy screen came up, and for some reason I didn’t notice the email amid others from Amazon. I tried to cancel but they said couldn’t, to which I said not my problem. 8 hours later I get a shipping notification — meaning they had plenty of time to stop it but didn’t, so now I have to deal with all the nonsense.   This was a useful app before, but it appears to have a very inconvenient bug at the moment. 
i would really like to see the “smile” feature added so i can donate to the chosen charity group.
Gave shipping notifications even though I was not signed into an account. This may have ruined a couple Christmas gifts.
I can’t purchase anything in the app since the last update. Won’t recommend until they fix
Bought a prime item on Sunday, now it’s saying delivery scheduled for Friday? I did not receive ANY notification of its delay and there is NO WAY to contact anyone for help in the app or on the site. Very frustrating.
This app is garbage you’d think one of the largest business in the world would have a functioning app.
My review would be higher if the app worked. It's a 50-50 as to whether or not it gives me a CS1 error even though I have internet connection.
Resets to view cart after adding a new address, no support for Apple Pay or any pay.
While browsing for books, I can choose paperback, hardcover, or audio, and I am given a choice to ‘Add to cart’, but as soon as choose kindle, the only choice is download sample. Doesn’t make sense.
This app is so great especially with shipping...I do recommend getting amazon prime but if you don't don't worry shipping is still very fast and very easy to use
Having the same problem as Horselovermom. Having the app is pointless if I have to log in through desktop just to purchase. The update didn't help either.
I’ve had this app for several months and it has always had glitches, but now more so than ever. I’m using iPhone 7 and the latest  app update but can’t use it to complete a purchase because it locks in a circular linking loop. Some of the features like past orders consistently return an error message. Amazon should have a much better app development team than would produce something like this.
Amazon wouldn’t give me the $10 credit they promised for signing in... Going back to eBay.
I love Amazon and the app is very good. My biggest complaint is that the app and the browser site aren’t the same. I’m tired of going to the browser every time I want to buy a book. Same with their audible and kindle apps.  You have to go to the browser to buy stuff.
Be very careful. I tried to use $170.00ish in reward points and magically it was charged to my Amazon credit card. I noticed it the next day before delivery and they said I would have to return it at a cost of $22+ and reorder it. They could not adjust my Amazon card. Excuse me?  How does the bank know if the package has been returned or not?  Stupid. Then I get an email telling me I did something wrong. However I ordered 2 items and the small item used my points. It was the big ticket item, the one I really wanted, that mysteriously got charged to my card. No wonder Amazon is doing so well.
Trying to update payment info, selection for expiration date greys out the screen with no month / day selection wheel.
Your app is awful and now my girlfriend knows all my gift ideas for her
I have the exact same problem as horselovermom. Please get this fixed- I am just about ready to trash my Amazon account!!!!
Now there are video ads in this app with sound? They force stop my music app and can’t be muted. This is ridiculous. C’mon Amazon.
I am an amazon prime holder loved the site until this past huge order I did for Christmas they charged me five different times now my account is froze won’t get my things for Christmas cause of their error so now I’m left to struggle and all I got is I’m sorry 😂🖕 please explain this to my four year old son and me as a single mother thanks amazon for nothing called three times just to get a not my problem story !
Whenever I access the My Orders screen (and even at some random times), it asks me to confirm my password, even if I already am signed in. I understand the security, but it should only need it once for when I open the app. If I'm checking multiple orders, I will have to enter my password upwards of ten times. Intrusive and ridiculous. Pretty decent app otherwise. Would be better with fixing this issue, and allowing the viewing of sub-departments as online. e.g. Electronics>Tablets>iPads. This is possible to find, but not easy.
I ordered 15 items 9 days before Christmas and all items said will arrive before Christmas. Also ordered 2 items not expected until after Christmas so I paid for expedited shipping to get in 2 days. Not only am I not getting my 15 items until the 29th, but even the items I paid for expedited shipping will be late. When I contacted them they said I can pay an extra $62 to get items before Christmas. Hmmm...
Since the last update, the app crashes whenever I try to change a shipping or payment address, look at previous orders, or browse more than 2 minutes. It kicks me out and makes me enter my password—every time. Not fun to deal with close to Christmas :/
I wanted to buy a movie to stream and could not do it on the amazon video app. So I tried this app also couldn't buy it. So I try going to my browser to buy it and it just take me right back to the app. Extremely annoying.
Trying to order a package and send to a different address but every time I put address in-doesn’t save it when go to order.
My app was working perfectly three days ago and now I get “no internet connection “!  Please help me I don’t see any support for my iOS device on this matter.
When I logged on to my account on my browser they had a promo for downloading the app. $20 off next purchase of $40 or more just for logging in to your account through the app. So I did as it instructed and it said congratulation you will get an email with your coupon on 7 days. Ridiculous already, most websites send the coupons right away. Well I of course never got the email and when I called Amazon they said there was nothing they could do without the email confirmation?! the whole reason for the phone call is because I never got it!
I use to love you, Amazon Prime, until you lost your bid and "2-day shipping" now takes a week at times. Not worth my $100 now. Such a scam. So sad to have to let you go.
I usually shop through this app but hate having to go my internet browser to check out using Amazon Smile. I wish the app would “Smile”!
I love amazon but now that I have the iPhone X I cannot use the app. When I go to check out I can’t because it wants facial recognition. So now I have to go through the internet. Please update for x users. Thanks!
On my iPhone I hit check out it takes me to type password then back to cart over and over. I guess y’all don’t want my money?
This app seems like it was designed in 2012 and hasn't been updated since. Its hard to use and has a few bugs here and there. I tried delivering a package to a certain address and defaulted into a nother address. I didn’t realize this until later so I had to cancel the order.
Not sure where to go, this will be the 4th time in a row that my package will not arrive on the day promised because it’s either shipped to the wrong spot and then it has to backtrack or because it’s just “late” I don’t know what the heck is going on but I’m seriously thinking about taking business else where when it comes to ordering online. First two times I can handle, not four times in a row.
It’s quite a shame how big amazon is and still how buggy the app is. There’s nothing wrong with the UI, it looks great, but boy is it buggy. It’ll throw you into these loops between adding an item to a list, password or anywhere along the check-out process. I never really have success with the app. It’s practically useless except to browse item, then send yourself the link to the computer to order there.
Was given the promotion of a $20 credit for my first app sign in. When I never got it, I went to the promo page and it said I wasn’t eligible. Not worth the memory space
Although items are listed as prime 2-day shipping doesn't mean you will even get the items. Most of the items are listed as available but are truly out of stock in warehouse. I will not be renewing my membership since most items take a week to be delivered.
I have Amazon Prime. I was expecting an item to arrive 2 days later, but instead I get a notification telling me something is wrong with my payment method, but when I go to change it, nothing is wrong with my card information! How are y’all gonna send me an extremely late notification AND be wrong about what you’re trying to tell me? If you noticed something was wrong you should have notified me as soon as the problem arose, not when my items were already scheduled to arrive.
I Possible to browse by department as they burry the link to actually look at the department behind pages of suggested products... this app has frustrated me so much that a lot of times I just give up on the purchase.... 
The app used to work great, now it won’t let me see the status of my orders without closing the app and reopening, and then I can only look at one item before the issue resurfaces. Fingerprint recognition has turned into a complete fail as well, after working flawlessly early on.   I’m gonna add an additional gripe, since I’m here. I HATE the fact that it isn’t disclosed when a carrier (looking at you FedEx and UPS) is gonna turn a package over to the USPS for delivery. My expected delivery dates are nothing more than a made up number these days. Right now I have multiple packages in limbo because of this. Amazon is really starting to disappoint with delivery times. I’m a long time and FREQUENT Prime member and user, and am becoming fed up. I pay for Prime to avoid delivery issues, and the quality of service is takings nosedive. Step it up, guys. 
I have been a prime member for years. In the last few months, I updated to a business account as I use this primarily for business. When I make 1 purchase, I now cannot checkout any other orders again until the next day. It’s literally limiting my purchases to once a day as it won’t let me go to the checkout page. When I contacted support via email, they said to delete the app and reinstall. I did that and now have to delete the app every time I make a purchase, if I want to make more than one purchase a day. I use amazon to make my life easier but now that I’m literally deleting and reinstalling this app several times a day, I may need to start looking elsewhere. Super bummer as I was always a huge Amazon advocate until recently.
I want more detail from external apps.  I can’t copy the tracking number at all.  IphoneX
I am very disappointed of Amazon right now!! I have ordered something and all of sudden apparently I still owe money for things I ordered. I understand you only charge the card till the items ship but the thing is then why was my card charged the full amount. But couldn’t give me a reason on what all happened and why they didn’t take the full amount out but when really they did because I was charged for it. I called my bank and they told me I was charged with the full amount I paid for and they told me here is some advice wait 24 hours to see if anything changed when I tried to tell them they already charged me for those items and that I don’t want to be charged again for those items when I already paid for them. When I called customer service and I talked to the 2 ladies they were nice and tried to explain but couldn’t explain where my money disappeared too. And when I called again and talked to this guy and told them I talk to the bank they told me you charged me the full amount that I paid for and then saying that apparently owe you guys still $20 when ik I don’t because I paid the full price for the items I bought the guy I talked to was really rude to me. So I’m sorry amazon but you lost your self a customer. I love shopping on here and I never had problems till all of a sudden. I’m sorry amazon you lost a customer.
Unless I’m missing something, you can’t make Smile purchases through this app. I don’t care if it’s only a few cents...I want Amazon to donate to my favorite non profit organization whenever I make purchases. The only way I can do this on my phone is to pull up safari and go directly to the Smile Amazon website. So what’s the point of having an app if I have to do this?
I can browse kind of easily, not the best, but can only log into my account half the time and haven’t been able to check out in months, always have to go to a web browser :(
The products I receive from amazon are always in great condition and never have any problems. I am fully comfortable buying something on amazon because I know I will get my money’s worth. The products I purchase are useful and trustworthy. Also, amazon products are great gifts for others and I can always rely on amazon to deliver my packages on the expected due date.
Amazon developers, use the iOS app and try to send a package to a new address.  Copy the address from iMessage and go from there.  Count the number of times you have to re-enter the address, number of times the shipping address switches back to yours and not the new address, and other hurdles along the way.  Please get basics right before venturing in to AR and other crazy stuff.
I'm addicted, everything is right here ✅I shop here almost 5 times a month  You can furnish the entire house 🏡  You find clothes 👚👙👖👔👗👙👘👠👟🎩🎒  for any occasion. The only problem with that is I wish there was single categories, ie: petite, tall, plus size and so on. 🎶 music, 🎥 movies, and reading books📚  Tons of food 🥘 School books 📚🎓 Adult entertainment 💋💦🍆🍑(❌❌❌) And the prime membership is awwwwweeeeessssoooooommmmmmeeeeee, you can't go wrong with free 2 day shipping 🔃 I just wish " Prime Now" & “Amazon Restaurants” delivered in my city ☹️ "Prime pantry" should have its own app🙌🏾so we won't have to go through all the other things  A grid layout would be nice👌🏾 UPDATE: If we have Prime Membership, we should not have to pay $5.99 shipping for the Prime Pantry 
I have looked and not found any way to report the bugs that render this app unusable.  I can only use the app for browsing, not for ordering.   I have to order through a web browser.  These issues have persisted for weeks/months. If i knew Amazon was aware of the bugs or was working on them, I would not have submitted this negative review.  Hopefully this will get their attention.  I enjoy shopping on Amazon, but cannot do so through this app.  If they would like to know, the main bugs are: - When asked to login to confirm password, it will say "oops something went wrong".  However if i continue doing what I'm trying to do it seems that it still recognized the login. - When checking out and trying to change the payment method or shipping address, whatever starts to happen disappears and nothing changes.  I am unable to continue with the order unless i use the current payment method and shipping. 
All of you that rated it a one star are just haters Amazon is the greatest shopping place made so stop hating
I love amazon, I have amazon prime and would never give it up! But since they enabled “customers who have bought _____ also bought ____” when I’m scrolling through my cart, is enough to make me delete the app on my phone and stick to shopping on my computer.
Once installed and fingerprint set up you never have to put in a password again. That may seem great, but I mean never even if you change the password or even the login email. You can still get in with a fingerprint. Even if someone gets a hold of your phone they can add a fingerprint and access all your orders and account info.
Checking out is a nightmare. Like going to the DMV   Requests that I re-enter my credit card every time I want to check out. Defeats the purpose of having the credit card on there. Half the addresses don’t work, and it doesn’t give you a suggested address that they deem is valid that is close to what you entered, like with other websites. On any of these two instances if you hit back... it’ll take you to the checkout page which if you don’t watch carefully, it has your last ship to address selected instead of the new one you’re trying to enter.   Searching for shoes is a nightmare here too. Price advertised is never the true cost, so if you want to pick a range (for obvious budget purposes), you get a shoe that starts at that price, but never is actually that price, and then sizes are rarely available without completely changing the shoe. Doesn’t let you select a size and then a price, which would then narrow your search.   All in all, I might cancel my Prime if I keep having these basic problems when trying to shop here. 
App is slow. Need to have more control of settings/ preferences within the app. I can't archive my orders in the app because it looks the same as the mobile website. So this means I have to go on desktop version in order to do all of this! What's the purpose of the app.
I’ve been a prime member for a very long time. During that time I have used my amazon visa and this app. Now it seems I must re enter my credit card number for everything.  The point of this app is to allow me to shop, which is impossible when I must have my credit card with me 100% of the time. Add that to the fact that amazon does not honor prime shipping anymore and the usps lies about delivery and amazon is fast becoming a joke. Today I was told my package couldn’t be delivered because they couldn’t access my house due to a gate. Bold face lie as the same postal employee delivered my mail along with another amazon package.
Tried 5 times in a row. 3 times the "ship to this address" button took me back to the very first screen I get to when I tap on my cart without having saved the address that I just typed in. The other 2 times the button didn't do anything and I had to go back and start over. Going to have to dig up my laptop to make this order. Which year is this? :(
The app works well, but I don’t use it much because it doesn’t work with smile.amazon. This is a huge disappointment that prevents me from making the app my preferred way to use Amazon. Also, for security reasons, I would prefer to keep my credit card outside of Amazon and use Apple Pay. This would be a smart implementation.
My wife and I both have experienced Amazon marketing offers that did not pan out. I was offered a $5 credit for choosing a slower delivery method. My wife was offered $20 for downloading the app and placing her next order. Five plus calls later and an equal amount of guarantees that are credit would show up on our next order, we are still trying to hold Amazon accountable for their marketing promotions. The app is convenient and offers a ton of options, but the principle of being lied to just irritates me to no end!!!
You literally are not allowed to sign out. Want to use a separate account from your girlfriend so you can buy her a gift without her seeing it on your orders? Good luck.
I'm having trouble understanding why you can't view orders made on your phone on your PC and Vice-Versa,   You can't even create a cart on your phone and it be available on the same account on PC for payment (even saved payment options or items aren't saved.)   I'm not sure how or why Amazon is the next big Monopoly when they can't even build a solid app that doesn't make you think your account on your phone is different than the same account on your PC making you fear it's been compromised. 
Can you hurry up and put Walmart out of business please?
I have a notification and it won’t go away no matter what I do. I have checked everything and the only way to do it is to turn off notifications on my phone or delete the app. So I guess I will delete the app.
Very sad when you get a pop up from Amazon's website to download this app and receive $20 on your first order from the app and then they don't give you the money and have no record of this offer. Thanks for nothing Amazon. App has been deleted.
What the heck?  Every time I use the app now, I’m prompted to sign in.  Who gives a crap about 1-click buy settings if you’re constantly bombarded with a prompt to re-enter your password at every turn.  It’s frustrating — what used to be a great app has been seemingly ruined by useless added “features” and updates.
App makes you enter password too many often. My high security password is too long to enter as frequently as the app wants. Add Touch ID and join the rest of the world.
Download this app and did not receive an email as stated with coupon.  Please explain?? 
Lately this app has been annoyingly glitchy. When trying to order a product and change the shipping address, it doesn’t let you and glitches back to the order screen. Also, when trying to view your orders it consistently asks me for the password and a pop up notification appears saying it is unavailable right now?   This app has worked great before. Please fix these issues. 
It’s been almost half an hour, and I still have been unable to sign out of the application.  This is a reprehensible design error; a total disregard of the customers ease-of-use.  R O-M, NJ. 
States no internet connection so I made sure it can connect to cellular data, but it still isn’t working. I’ve deleted and reinstalled app. All other apps and internet work
Will it was my first time shopping on amazon I was trying to buy markers and I did skin tone markers when the package got to my home I was so excited, I open the package and I got a rainbow set of markers??.. Not what I ordered. I thought maybe they ran out? So I decided to buy these crown pencils. I checked it said it was delivered yesterday to my house; by the way I was at my grandpas house spending the night. I come home and the pencils are not at my house?? What’s going on amazon get your stuff together.
Friendly suggestions: ability to use AmazonSmile with the Amazon app and ability to rate customer service after chat (I noticed some agents won’t end the chat so you can’t rate them, so there’s a loophole there)
Charged me for amazon prime after my one month free trial, after I canceled it and called to ensure it was canceled. Terrible app and terrible customer service.
This shows up everytime I am prompted to log in and can’t seem to use the app to notify me or even buy using it. Horrible!
ANSWER TO articulately caring but HEATED ‘wish tray ‘ COMPLAINER : PLS., my friend, DONT expect the company to ‘COUNT on’ my digital  Online ‘order’ savvy ..!! WE NEED HELP !!  We are two SR. ‘Docs’& only now are learning to shop online!  So thx for your important objections & tips— but some of us prefer or NEED lots of extra help!  Including about a (?) ‘ WISH TRAY (??) TX!  Drs. H. & D SPELLMAN , IN N. MAINE 
Amazon is the worst company I’ve ever dealt with for anything in my life. At this point I’m pursuing litigation instead of a BBB complaint. Considering it’s such a massive company, their sheer lack of customer service and the way they deal with orders, customer accounts, and customers themselves is outright shocking. I’m over it, I’m going a step further beyond a better business bureau complaint after this week.
I buy A LOT thru Amazon but hesitant to at Christma. If it's not Prime, it's difficult to see where an item is actually coming from prior to ordering it. I have yet to find a place where it notes if it's coming from across seas or not. VERY unhappy as two things I ordered told me After I ordered them that they won't be here for 6 weeks. I tried cancelling one for 2 days and the site kept freezing. I contacted the seller (Amazon still showed item as processing and NOT shipped) and was told it had already shipped and they couldn't cancel it. It didn't show shipped for another day. I messaged them back to ask what the return address will be so I can refuse the package and they didn't even understand what I was asking and responded with instructions just to refuse the package. ANNOYED😠😠😒😒😒
Super easy to use! Super convenient! And omg the shipping and ordering services are so fast, ordered less than an hour ago and my items have already shipped. Love ❤️
I love Amazon caz you can get lots of interesting things up to Alaska, I build motorbikes and motorcycles and Amazon has almost everything I would need to make it nice :)
I hate the new track shipping screen. On the iPhone X you can’t copy the tracking numbers or use the share sheets for my Deliveries App. Please go back to the old way!!
I love shopping through Amazon, but the App won’t accept my password without a message “sorry, something went wrong.” Won’t allow me to enter a new shipping address through the app. Won’t delete addresses from my address book either. Not helpful when traveling and I need things delivered to my hotel!
Enough is enough! How many times I have to rescan my card or entered my card number manually in this app? Need Apple Pay immediately.
Used to be fast, now it’s so slow with VPN, I’ve stopped using the app. Definitely affected my purchase frequency.
It said order Saturday but then it said arriving Sunday!
This app works perfectly, I can shop and buy what I need just fine.  However, there is one HUGE but, and the reason I knocked the app back to 3 stars. Why is the Amazon smile program not implemented in this app, or have its own app? Yes I can add to my cart and switch to the website, but that is easy to forget. As a volunteer with a non profit, it is sad to think how much we have lost because Amazon won’t make the process easy by just adding this feature to your account. 
This last update totally broke my app - I cannot place an order nor view past orders. Right in time for me to go shopping elsewhere for the holidays.
As others have shared, the GIANT of companies can’t well make SMALL applications.  I’ll want to change the shipping address, but it just runs a complete circle and gets me back to ‘proceed to checkout’.  This also goes for any other option I choose on the ‘proceed to checkout’ page.
I LOVE Amazon & always shop online with them. I’ve had great customer service & found great products & deals. I’m an Amazon Prime member.  BUT, the app is basically useless right now. It used to be very convenient, but I’m getting the same prompt to re-enter my password followed by the “something went wrong” message. As soon as that is fixed, I will gladly change my rating to a 5 star to reflect the improvements.  Amazon, please help get this fixed! We need it for the holidays! 
About 3-4 weeks ago, Amazon decided to start using the app’s push notifications to try to sell you more stuff. Once per day you’ll get some stupid notification that has nothing to do with your order(s), account, etc. You can turn it off in your phone’s settings, but that means all notifications are turned off for the app so you won’t get any push notifications about your orders... the info you actually you want! They’re basically forcing you to read their sales notification nonsense if you want useful order update notifications. AMAZON - This completely betrays your consumers’ trust and you might want to question the short term gains compared to the long term UX/brand degradation.
I like the app for the most part but the number of errors, and times it asks for Touch ID make it easier to just use the website.
Amazon app is not working for a few days, and also in browser its not working in my mobile phone. And it worked ok! On my laptop is ok, but on the iphone, no amazon!!! Fixx?!? 
Won’t allow me to view my account details or track orders. The app always defaults to the log in page when I’m already logged in. It will let me shop, but not view my account info or my orders.  It’s annoying to have to use Amazon in my browser now when I have the app but that’s what I do now. Deleting until fixed. 
Charged for my “free trial” of Prime moments after I selected free trial. Another reason I can’t stand this company.
Ok I’ve used amazon for years and I like it I really do but now we have to HAVE A SUBSCRIPTION in order to post reviews on products now? I’m only 17 and working a minimum paying job. I can’t afford amazon prime and the one time I want to write a review on something, I can’t because apparently that’s just a luxury only certain people can have???!?!? What the actual heck
There is a number 1 showing up like I have a notification and for three hours I’ve been trying to get this 1 to go away.  It won’t no matter what I do.  Very annoying
Love this app/store tons of gifts and love the prime feature..... sometimes u just need ur stuff soon!
Great customer service and great help
it’s been month and this app just doesn’t work well. amazon fresh is a complete disaster, making adjustments on my account is impossible from my phone, family sharing is another story...i can keep going🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️overall it’s just getting old..
Can’t enter my password or change it however I can make purchases without needing this information?!?!?!? Can’t even access customer support or track my packages cause all that needs a password but purchasing doesn’t...
I have no problems with the app other than you cannot place an order from it! It also errors out and says I’m not signed in when I am. Please fix this so I don’t need to use a computer to place an order each time!
Have ordered several things over the years from them, and have had orders cancelled from time to time with no email or notification. Still got billed for said product and had to dispute. Last purchase was supposed to be post Black Friday sale products from a company on amazon. Purchased, paid and order has been cancelled, spoke with customer service and said there is nothing they can do. And product is not available when they look it up, well maybe not now. I ordered it 16 hrs ago. I will be going sticking with eBay and Jet. They honor there little messups, or at least try to fix it
This app can’t get any better! I absolutely love everything you can but on here and I mean anything. It’s such a simple app to use and it can save you more money than actually going to the store.
Literally cannot use this app on my phone, no matter how many times I re-download it eventually gets a “cs1 error” and becomes bricked.
I'm an Amazon addict so his app is everything I need and some, I can shop, manage all my prime subscriptions and send orders wherever and whenever I need
Somehow, someway, you guys charged me for prime. I have bills to pay and I can barely make those payments without you people taking money from my account without my consent. Now I am overdrawn and charged $25 for being overdrawn. I am deleting the app and NEVER will I ever shop from you guys again. So thanks for completely screwing me over.
Amazon stuffs packages into mailboxes damaging them instead of delivering to the door and fails delivery on every other order I place. If you can’t deliver on-time, don’t promise it. Simply refunding the amount paid does not solve the problem. Disappointed.
I love Amazon. I obsessively check the deals of the day on my app, check my wish lists for price drops, and do a lot of browsing regularly. But there are two issues I have with this app.   First, anyone with access to my phone can open the app at any time and see my purchase history. I do most of my gift shopping on this app and I’d like to keep the element of surprise. Requiring a password to view purchase history would easily solve this issue.   Second, I don’t have control over what appears on the home screen. So any item I’ve looked at recently or added to a wish list could be on the home screen. Which brings me back to the first issue. Adding an option to dismiss items on the home screen would solve this problem.   I’d much rather have the app be fined tuned than get the needless addition of social features (Spark! Because you need strangers asking you which camera or scarf they should buy).   I do like the new addition of notifications though. That’s a step in the right direction. 
One star. I am deleting the app as soon as this review is complete. Way inferior to the browser view for purchasing & research, but what has sent me over the edge is the vibration whenever an item is added to the cart. According to Amazon support this cannot be disabled in the app. Just use a browser.
Amazon is an amazing app for shopping. I get things from Christmas gifts to everyday items. Everything is cheap, but still good quality. If you really want a good experience, get Amazon Prime. You get free shipping (wonderful right?), music, tv, books, and more. Sometimes I will shop on other sites and forget about shipping because I’m used to Amazon 😂. Thank you so much Amazon you do a great job with everything, best shopping app ever! I totally recommend to anyone.
I’m still unable to purchase anything from this app. Who knew that Amazon could be this stupid. DELETED (after I post this).
