Please add customer-submitted photos on the iPad app! I can see them in reviews on iPhone but not on iPad.
If I can’t buy all Amazon items from the app,  why use it? Kindle books and some other physical items can’t be purchased in the app. So I have to start over on a webpage. No reason to use the app if I have to start over from scratch to get the Buy option.
Amazon decided to add autoplay ads to their app and now I can't listen to music or podcasts while browsing!! It's ridiculous that as a prime member I have to deal with ads let alone autoplay video ads!!!!
I want to share something I am thinking about buying with a friend over text, but I cannot figure out how to do so without manually going to the website in Safari.
Love the app overall, however, I just recently tried to used iOS split view on iPad Pro with no luck. Would be nice to research a product online while simultaneously viewing availability from Amazon.
Welp, I love Amazon. But I can’t order anything until they stop giving the NRAtv a platform for promotion. Will update once they cut ties.
Love Amazon but this app is incredibly unresponsive on iPhone X. Especially when chatting with customer support or attempting to choose a different size / color of an item.
The app won’t allow me to contribute to my favorite charity via Amazon Smile so I never use it.
You can’t see photos attached to reviews on the iPad. If I really want to see them I have to get out my phone and look the product up again. I rely on review photos to give me a better idea of what the product will look like. The lack of this function has caused a lot of returned products.
Where is the sign out option in this software version?  If someone is using my kindle tablet or phone, I want the option to close the app.  Please put back in sign out option in next update.
If I order something in the morning and later on decide to order more things the system crashes once I get to the payment portal
Very quickly becoming more of a pain in the butt than a convenience.  Causes more frustration than anything.  My packages lately have either not been delivered at all or beaten up so badly that the items inside are damaged. Skip Amazon.
I can’t believe we’re in 2018 and I can’t buy audiobooks from either of your apps (Audible / Amazon) on my phone. Marketing ploy or plain incompetence?
I spend a lot of money on Amazon  But PLEASE!! Get rid of the buy with one click option. Because it's making you buy everything in your cart even though you don't wanna purchase all that just yet. I literally had to hurry and cancelled the order bc it said my total was $726 and I'm like wooahhhh!!!  So I had to delete EVERYTHING out my cart just to get one item. Super annoying. 
Unfortunately I have never experienced a time using Amazon when searching for specific product that the search return the filtered products or results that were accurate.  When Using filters, the filters do not filter with accuracy, the worst part is regardless of what you search or filter the results do not provide only the selected product filtered or for that matter a complete category products offered My experience with Amazon is they are notorious for including irrelevant products into your search.    The style of coding creates a complete waste of consumers time and inhibits their customers from actually purchasing the desired products, adding to the company’s bottom line.    ** If Amazon believes providing irrelevant, meaningless, or inaccurate product results when searching or filtering they are seriously mistaken! **  This actually creates the opposite effect and does a disservice to their loyal customers. If this is what the Product and Marketing Owners call convenience, they ought to step back and reevaluate their tactics. These tactics force the consumer to reevaluate shopping with Amazon and return to brick-and-mortar.    Be the industry leader, then follower and STEP UP and change the industry standard and provide consumers with accurate and effective process to locate relevant merchandise. 
Reliable app for shopping. I waste more time finding button to buy or find related items because Amazon is crowding the interface with ads. Downgrade Jan 2018.
I can not see the photos of the reviews that people do in Amazon, I can see it from my phone, but not from my iPad, fix that please.
For the last few months I have noticed that I have random items in my cart that i have never even looked at. Now looking at my profile I have learned I am an avid reviewer. I do not review items. What is going on?
I'm writing this review because I can't find anywhere, on the app or otherwise, to report issues about poor app functionality. I've tried the barcode scanning function on three different phones, and it never works. I have a giant pile of textbooks I need to trade in, because they are useless to me and selling them to a bookstore is worth basically nothing. I used to do this via Amazon all the time in college. Now, when I open the barcode scanner, it cannot find the barcode. No matter what I do - avoid shadows and glare, move it closer or farther, different angles, restarting the app, restarting my phone, etc., it just flat out doesn't work. You need to FIX THIS. It's one of the only reasons I have this awful app. Ever since you got rid of the Amazon Student app, which is what I used to use for my trade-ins, this function hasn't worked. FIX. IT.
Nice app and easier to use than a website on my ipad, however it would be much better if I could order my Kindle books as well!  I can order and pay for any thing except books. WHY?
I’ll order one thing and the thing underneath that gets order as well I wouldn’t use this app ever agian
While the app is stable, it’s incredibly intrusive when it steals the show when looking for items in a web browser. There is no way to quickly share a link to an item with a friend from the app. This is such a fundamental requirement for shopping. So, because the app opens when you click an ‘amazon’ link from the web page, you’re stuck. Sorry Mom, I can’t share what I found at Amazon with you.
With the new app I am not able to purchase books for my Kindle, my only option is to Download a Sample. At the end of the sample I do not get the option to purchase the book anymore.  If I want the book I have to leave the app, open Amazon ‘s web page, login and then I can purchase. I do not have this problem with other purchases, only kindle books.
I can check review photos on the iPhone app but not the iPad app? That’s so annoying. I have to switch to safari or I just end up picking up my phone.
I’m a frequent Amazon user and I have several Amazon based apps on both my iPhone & my iPad. I don’t like using the iPad app bc it seriously lacks. You have very limited options in what you can access easily. I can’t see my dash buttons, gift card balance, or any basic account info. I would prefer using the app but sadly I resort to the desktop version or I just reach for my phone. Is it really necessary for the 2 versions to be so different? Not a positive user experience.
Whenever I click an Amazon link in Chrome it opens in the Amazon app and then immediately opens Safari to take me to the Amazon web page.
I like Amazon and I like what they are doing with Amazon Smile, but I wish Amazon Smile was available on the app.
I’ve use this app a lot, and I like it. Very easy to navigate and seems to have most everything I have needed. One thing that drives me crazy though is when the app shows a notification and you open it up, unless you know to go to the bell icon for the notification, you will look around for a very long time to try and figure out why you have a notification. Amazon., you need to put a notification symbol on the bill inside the app once you open it to see what it is you are trying to tell us.
The iPhone app works great still! However the app for iPad does not give you the option to update your account settings anywhere. Or if it does it’s incredibly difficult to find. I hate using my iPad to shop now. Please make it more user friendly. The apps vary greatly between those two.
Prior to the last update, my app opened and loaded immediately. Since the update it often fails to load, offering up a message stating there’s a problem on their end. It happens too frequently. The search filter is limited, also. These problems are a deterrent for me to continue using Amazon to make purchases. That leaves me considering other merchants for my needs if Amazon continues with these issues.(And, yes, I am 100% positive the problem isn’t with my mobile device.)
I thankfully realize that I have been blest as a consumer and customer. The support given my account is impeccable and the updated apps with Prime Video and Amazon Fire TV have kept us away from unintentional spending; the people willing and able to become as little children... 
People have been asking for in-app Amazon Smile functionally for a while now. I haven’t seen any response from Amazon. I would use Amazon for many many more purchases if I didn’t have to do a clunky work around to use both the functionality of the app, and Smile at the same time.
I loved this app, but I no longer use it because it does not support AmazonSmile. Also, I cannot share products I found because the web link to products is never shown and there is no sharing button.
I haven’t had this problem in the last that I recall, but now when I look at a kindle version of a book it has buttons to add to list, download sample, share book...but no way to add to cart or purchase.  Tried on both iPad and iPhone app. :(
Some could argue my review denies all the other wonderful aspects of Amazon, but the problem I’ve come across really ruins the entire shopping process for me.   Teen Prime. What a great deal, I get my own account with prime just because my parents own one. But I can’t shop on anything but the Amazon App. You’d think the solution would be share an account or make your own.   If I share an account I don’t get my own recommendations (which is an awesome feature). If I make my own account I don’t get the convient deals of Prime or have to buy an entirely new account with Prime.   If you’re going to offer this deal, why restrict it to just an app? Why would you limit it just the app? It’s disappointing that I cannot shop on the computer because I am on my computer more often than the phone and it is more convient to use. Additionally, there’s all sorts of plug-ins available on the PC to allow you find the best deals. I cannot use these tools on my phone.   I recommend Amazon and the Amazon app, but not the feature Teen Prime. It’s not worth it. Thank you for the amazing company Amazon but if possible, please fix this issue. 
Amazon Smile, while it only gives 0.5% of purchase to the charity of choice, is a program with a lot of potential. It’s unfortunate that it’s user-driven and web-only. Please make the option available for Amazon Smile contribution on mobile whether it’s an account toggle or a new app.   When you compare giving contributions to other big box retailers (cough Walmart cough), Amazon could do better. This feature is under utilized because it’s not available on mobile and not available from the main page. 
It extremely frustrating that I’m not able to download kindle material from the app.  I do most of my reading on my phone with my kindle app but adding new content is way more difficult than it should be.  Not only can it not be done from the app but it is also difficult to get to the full site from my phone because it automatically takes me to the app.  It’s not an option from the app menu either.   Quite frankly, you’re a billion dollar company on the cutting edge of technology.   This should not be a difficult thing to achieve.
I check my email for tracking and Amazon suggests using this app. I came to download and see all these Negative Reviews...              Wow !!!  Does Amazon even care ??? It's gotta give pause to shoppers if they can't even navigate to purchase things ....  I just use the PC or MAC "when" it's convenient for me... which is obviously less than phone in hand. 
Can you please make a filter for items that you don’t have a prime membership for? I would shop Amazon like a mad man if I didn’t have to pay for a membership... 
Honestly I love this app because there is so much to shop through and this one of the best apps I’ve ever shopped in. I got a Xbox one headset for 25 bucks and in stores they’re like $100. This is one of the best apps that I’ve ever had I love it and I enjoyed it a lot! Thank You So Much Amazon!!!!
Amazing the almighty Amazon has an app that blows chunks. And no Chunks is not my dog.
Why does the new version have a notification flag on my phone and no guidance within the app on how to get rid of it?
The videos start automatically and there is no way to stop them. It is on the main page.  They are getting annoying and I don't even want to go on the site anymore because of them.
Used this app for years till the past year. Won’t connect to the internet and say try again. Nothing wrong with my internet cause everything else works like usual. I’ve deleted and reinstalled countless times but still can’t use it.
Why of all platforms is the customer images for reviews missing from the ipad app?
Stable, fairly easy to use and navigate, and has much (though not all) of the functionality of the web site.
I really like this app, but prefer to use amazon smile.. hope soon this will be an option with the app.
I can’t filter by “discount” anymore.  This app is now useless to me since I always filtered by discount percentage
this app has really deteriorated and my days of using it are definitely numbered.  searching functions are not user-friendly and hide variables to search by when you have chosen others first.  you can forget trying to use it for movies now unless you know exactly what movies you’re looking for.  their coming soon filter shows every movie out there instead of ones that have never been launched.  i’ll do a general search for a movie and the one I’m looking for does not show up on the list. I will then do a specific search just for it and all of a sudden it shows up.  yesterday I tried to find a movie and couldn’t find it in the app.  I then went to Bing to look for it on the web and it directed me towards the Amazon app where it all of sudden appeared
Amazon calls itself a tech company but cannot deliver an app that is fully functional. Oh, sure, you’ll be able to place your order and pay for it but you may not have the same features from one version to the next. The last update removed users ability to vote on whether a review is useful or to flag a review or even to report a product that is fake, dangerous, or raises other concerns. Also users ability to ask questions about a product is gone.   The app NEVER has offered all of the options that the website does. Nor do all the options offered even work. I seriously doubt that Amazon even tests their app. 
The App works great, however, I think that they should include new and interesting finds on their home screen like they have on their website.
The app looks completely different this morning and I can no longer see at a glance whether I am signed in to my personal account or my business account or whether my husband is signed in to his personal account, etc.  so right off the bat I must start clicking and searching for basic info before I can even begin to shop.  Why?  And that’s just the beginning of inconvenient changes.  Using the browser until this app becomes more efficient.
I used to be able to swipe between credit card options for 1-Click purchases on the item page which was terrific and convenient. I now have to go to my account options and select between my saved credit cards, save my choice for 1-click purchases and then go back to the item page and use 1-click. I use different credit cards depending on what I’m purchasing. Why do I have to jump through hoops to use 1-click???
Why is it so hard to buy a book to read and connect to the kindle app from iPhone? I have everything set up yet there is no buy now button for the books I want. Ridiculous.
I live in rural Wyoming, so Amazon Prime is a way of life. Generally, my least favorite way to shop Amazon is on my iPad. The app is so glitchy and inferior compared with the desktop and iPhone experiences. For example, I have an active baby registry but when I view the registry on my iPad, I can’t access the item pages, purchase, modify, or delete the items. I can basically only view the list of items on my registry. If I want to make any modifications or view the individual items, I have to use my phone or computer. Totally inefficient.
Every time I sign in, the app says “something went wrong” and then freezes. I close the app, open it back up and the same thing happens. The app is very slow in addition to not properly logging me in. Love amazon, hate amazon app. Fix these issues.
They pretend to be this great company with donations to the non-profit of your choice. If you use this App nothing you purchase benefits the nonprofit you have registered.  Seems slimy 
On this app I ordered toe cream and it accidentally got it on my pillow. After I  got back from paying taxes my cat lost all of its hair from sleeping on the pillow, but I did not know that. So I went to sleep and everything was fine until I took a shower and my hair fell out.
Your tag line for the app reads, shopping made easy. LIE. If it were easy, I would be able to make purchases from the app, I can’t. Especially in particular, things from my wish lists.
I love the app but really wish you offered an app for Amazon Smile I love buying and supporting my charity.
Love the Amazon app, BUT unfortunately if there was a way were I can buy digital music straight from the app INSTEAD of having to log into my laptop then Amazon would get 5 stars from me ! I can’t tell you how many times I’ve tried to buy digital music from the app and it tells me that I can’t do it from the app , then I have to log into my laptop to buy the music ( which isn’t very convenient for me all the time ) ... So hopefully Amazon will read this and make music buying from the app more convenient! Thanks ! ;) 
Amazon feeds my impulsive shopping habits and has everything I need. No issues with the app itself. The fifth star will come when I can BUY MY KINDLE BOOKS FEOM THE APP! It is a MASSIVE hassle to get a book I want to read Right Now (the mindset Amazon has so kindly put in my head) since I can’t get it on the app
Hey Devs...latest update crashes the app. IPhone 6 64GB latest version of iOS 11.2.5. Can’t use app any longer. Prime member as well.
App is crashing immediately after startup. Just started. Love Amazon!  Need to fix this!!!
Not great. To download a book to a Kindle you need to use the website in a browser because this app doesn’t work. (I had to use the help section to figure out why it wasn’t working.) and as long as the app was on my phone, I couldn’t use a browser because it kept automatically opening the page in the app.
Please add password protection to the app to avoid children accidently using it
Please make a added feature to unlock the app with our finger thank you
Like the title says, it never works over cellular network. Before I had tmobile and now with att still the same
Great app to buy stuff from but read the bad comments first before purchasing  because there is a lot of scammers who have bots like the project but the project is trash and very dangerous. Amazon employees if you are reading this please ban the idiot scammers to help make this app way better.
Amazon keeps making their app less useful. I would give it 3 stars, but I think that including outside ad banners is disgusting. I guess Amazon just isn’t making enough money off of us.
For about a month now there are times that I can’t place an order.  The photo of the item is blank but the description is there so I touch to see the item and still no photo of it but the details and everything else is there.   So I touch to order it and nothing happens.  I restart my iPhone 6 and still same problem.   My bill this month was $40.   I usually spend $100- $200!  That’s because I can’t place an order.  Your loss.  Hope it can be fixed.
Everything is fine except the customer’s photos. The app doesn’t show any photos on iPad, only shows on iPhone. :(
Consistently just get a white screen when trying to use the app. You are better off just using their mobile site. Worst app on my phone.
This used to be reliable but lately it’s buggy. Search results take forever to load and error messages pop up frequently. I’d never shop at amazon if I had to rely on this app and this experience is leaving a bad taste so that I don’t want to seek out alternative ways to buy from amazon. I can get what I’m looking for from target or bed bath and beyond. The app was part of the convenience. Without that why bother?
Avoid. This version loads very slowly on my recent-generation iPad and iPhone. Shopping from a web browser on the same devise is a much better and faster experience.
Good app but should be able to access Amazon smile
I had an account and I had used a $50 gift card I used some of it but after a few months of not using the app all my information was gone to my account event my money. I had some help but it still isn’t fixed. However amazon is a good shopping app.
I was done with my selections, but it would not let me buy it Scrolling down, I saw one ad after another loading. Five minutes later, I gave up and used Safari! After I placed  My order in Safari, I went back to the Amazon Ap, and it was still loading ads!  Search is real slow!  It doesn’t use my charity Amazon version! I can’t find reviews!  I had to use safari to get the specifications.   I’m probably deleting this soon, I’ll give it one more update! 
App won’t let you click on and use your reward money after update happened
Was great app, but it would not let you browse more than one page at a time; when looking at a certain sellers products.
Since the last update my ability to log on with the fingerprint reader has stopped working. I cannot get it to work anymore. I am deleting the app and just using the website to access Amazon. Worthless.
The latest app update for iOS is pretty bad.  It feels like mis understood mobile web experience.  Amazon is amazing .. but your apps are not good.  Prime video is pretty good but the ecommerce app for iOS seems to have suddenly been handed off to a naive dev team that thinks a mobile web experience is ok.  This goes to iOS App Store as well.  This comes from a $200 plus monthly spender on Amazon. Dwayne Crocker 
I liked this app before the last update.  Now it is awful.  I cannot see reviews, prices, or much of anything when I am shopping for merchandise. Also, when I try to buy Kindle books from a Apple device it tells me I cannot make purchases.  😮
This is an edit and an important feature is missing for a while, when you click on your orders you use to be able to see preparing for shipping and not shipped yet and system now also delivered. This was a much better layout then having to click your order then go to details to then only see what you could of by just clicking your orders.  I knew from the beginning that the iPhone app differ slightly from the desktop website, it never bothered me that much until it affected my orders section on the iPhone app. Instead of just clicking once to see the order details I now have to click twice to get to the same place, even when just screening the my orders page is such a pain as it offers no details only when the item is suppose to ship or arrive. I would like to know where the my orders with more detail is. Well it seems now that when you delete the app and reinstall and sign in the my order page with more detail comes back, for how long I don\'t know. This unweary randomness is really annoying, each time you sign in its basically a roll of the dice the way the layout of your orders page will be viewed. 
The app used to be great, now is slow and just constantly “hangs” on product I am looking. It’s become too busy. Amazon I know you want me to buy stuff but if you keep adding “features” for me to save things it’s just too much. Please make it snappy like it used to be. Otherwise I might as well shop at Walmart. Seriously their online portal has been improved. I know you can beat them.
The app is great except for the fact I can’t order Kindle books which I do a lot. What’s up with that Amazon?
I love the app aside from the fact that it doesn’t allow you to buy or add Digital Items of any kind to your wish lists. True Support for All Digital Items for mobile device users would be really nice.
What happened to the kindle store app? I have kindle store app on my old iPad. Why would you design an app that won’t allow customers to buy kindle books on their iPad? I hate this app. I hate the new kindle app. I’m so angry I cancelled my pending orders to subscribe and save, books   Going to B& N to buy books tomorrow. Had it.
I love using amazon to shop online, and I usually use my mobile device, more specifically, my iPhone to access my account and order. I used to be able to see my prime account from my iPhone app, but I am not able to access it anymore. I really need to be able to, do I can see when the payment will be deducted etc. can you guys put that back please?
First time using the "New and Improved" version... but why blue green???  You should offer color theme option in settings!!
I used this app for a couple of years and had no problems until I’ve recently made purchases and my account gets locked. I thought I forgot the password and went through the reset process, but I can’t access my account because of security reasons, very confused on how and why my account is locked. I put in my billing and address in, I’ve confirmed that everything is mine months ago. Once I get my account locked I have to do everything again, and wait additional days to confirm its mine again. I’ve made purchases that was as cheap as $25, but when I try to buy my college textbooks which is about $100 or more, this is when the problems occur. This app is frustrating and problematic.
I opened this app this morning to find the interface less robust-like using it on my phone and not my iPad.  WHY?! I spend a lot of money on Amazon and expect more than the current sub-par iteration of the software installed.  Go back to the previous app or you're losing a customer. 
I do a ton of shopping using my iPad mini 4 via the Amazon shopping app.  The newest version basically makes it impossible for me to continue to do so.  I am not able to choose colors, sizes or number of items.  I can no longer expand the photos of items in order to read the details.  I cannot add items to my wish lists.   Who tested this app before going live with it? That QA dept should be replaced
Ok- not sure what I was looking at this morning. The app was all in blue and difficult to navigate. Now I just went on my app and it’s back to normal. I don’t get it but I hate the version that’s all in blue.  From this morning (blue app): Can’t navigate as easily in previous version. Took me 10 minuets to figure out how to sign out. Really hate how the app is set up. Liked previous version much better. 
One of my biggest complaints with Amazon is the pop up ads in my browser telling me I can get “x” amount of reward dollars by answering these few questions! Then you have to end your search and start a new one only to have it happen again and again and again...! I deleted the app and refused to use Amazon altogether, but have decided to reload the app and see what happens. Amazon 2.0
Make it so you can’t change what card you are using on the iPad. It’s got the one click pay option when I want to use different cards.
I do not like the new interface without the shortcut icons on the bottom. Also, Why are customer images NOT viewable in the app? 
The app disappears off my iPhone 7. I have to download the app every single time I want to use it. A little bit inconvenient. I’ve tried everything including calling Amazon but they couldn’t help me.
All of a sudden the heading of the app changes to a green bar the ability is gone to log in or out. Twice I have deleted it and will not shop on Amazon anylonger
Why try to fix something that’s not broke? This new app is terrible. It’s much harder to navigate. With the previous one everything that you needed to navigate was at the bottom of the page. Now you have to tap here then tap there and tap tap tap! Come on Amazon. What kind of knot heads do you have working there? Do you even consider your customers or do you just want to have something for your techies to screw up....again.
The old app had a menu at the bottom of page. The new one uses the three horizontal bars for the menu symbol which some casual users may not know.  The FLAW in the new app occurs when viewing watches.  If you click on the picture of the watch to see a rotating view of the watch that is what was seen with the old app.  When clicking on same with the new app it takes you back to the main menu and you have to start all over. 
You can have the kindle app on your IPhone. But when you try purchase books for my kindle on the amazon app, it says it unsupported. I have to go to the website to purchase my books. I would rather purchase my book on from amazon as I have a tablet that I use to read at times and I don’t always read from my iPhone unless i am out.
I have tried to purchase a kindle version of textbook into my ipad, but the app doesn’t have “purchase” button. I have to use web version to purchase it and download it into my ipad. It should be updated as the mobile version at least.  The app is way outdated and unfunctional as it’s supposed to be.  I will delete it, anyway!
I surprised for this update for iPad it’s so bad I can’t see my results because the line of filters on the results I hope really fixed or back to old version
The bar along bottom is gone to click on my orders or deals, now have to click menu at side and click again. I removed Amazon app from iPhone because that annoys me, now thinking might not use it on iPad. Will diffidently slow my buying with the current look. The bottom place to click once and go was very helpful
It looks like a stretched-out version of the iPhone layout. Pictures are now tiny which makes things harder to see. Reminds me of the Jet.com app layout - bare and tons of white space. Ebert and Roper give it two thumbs way down.  Edit/update: I’m now getting screens that appear to be nothing more than a frame around the browser version of the Amazon web page. This is amateur hour. 
I’ve tried tons of similar apps to buy, but I’ve never found the same prices, the variety and the security that Amazon gave me!
It’s missing or I’m guessing you all took away the browser history selection on your newest update on the iPad
I would really like to see somewhere to delete orders. Archiving items still makes it so that it’s on your account, I’d really like to see a way to delete items.
After the last update I can no longer sign in to my account using the app. I can sign in using a browser just fine, but not the app.
Each iteration of the iPad Amazon app is increasingly less user-friendly than the proceeding version. Time to hire a professional dev company to take over for you. Your in-house dev staff are most likely being bribed by competitors.
Unable to find my kids amazon list as it says i need to update the app, which it is up to date. Quite annoying when you are shopping for gifts.
I have installed and uninstalled this app multiple times and it will not load. Says to check internet connection
I use your services a lot!  Appreciate the business.  With that said, I am indeed having some issues.  You make it extremely difficult to purchase books.  For no reason that I can find an answer to, you will only show the “free” option for audio and kindle on the mobile apps when using the amazon app.  In addition, I do not see the pricing options in the apps.  Extremely confusing!!!!  I can go online to the web via the same mobile device and find the actual pricing of the book.  Listen, sometimes, I just want to know the price.   Please do not make it a forced option for customers to see the price by only signing up on the mobile app!!!  You want customers to find value and know that when a customer joins, they truly will be using the services.  Also, when sharing via a product, pls add an option to view via web. 
I want to use the app to purchase through the Amazon Smile program, but that’s not available. Why not make the app work with Amazon Smile?
Amazon makes my life easy and saves me a lot of time. I prefer to shop via Amazon!  Cheers! 
I used to be able to print from my phone when I had a return now I can’t even do that. This app is slowly turning into garbage. Every update removes good features.
Why is this so much worse on the iPad. It’s unresponsive. Features do not work such as “share”. Just in general poorly executed.
Overall, the amazon app is fine. It functions as you’d expect: you can buy things from amazon with ease. However, it is missing a LOT of what is available on the amazon app for your phone. There is no support for amazon fresh in the tablet version, and there is limited support for other amazon programs. Alexa voice capabilities are not supported in this version of the app. The app is also in need of a visual/UX overhaul, as the design is dated and the UX is not the most intuitive.
This app used to work flawlessly, but I’m not sure what’s changed recently. Most of the screen seems unresponsive at times (especially the back button). The app shows the ability to sort the reviews, but you can’t actually see the option on the screen to a choose it. If you choose to see only “verified purchases” the images are off screen. C’mon Amazon. Get it together. You’re a big company. How do you not have someone actually testing this app for functionality?
Used to love it for scanning books but now the scanner has expanded to include products and the scan search gives tons of irrelevant products. If I scan a book, I am looking for that book. Not all books have a barcode so the barcode scanning doesn’t help. Wish I could go back to the prior version.
Love this app. Would like to scan bar codes to find items to trade in, however in the “Search for items to trade-in” section, the bar code scanner doesn’t work. I can get the bar code scanner to work from the camera icon on the main screen, but am unable to determine from this screen whether the item is eligible for trade-in. Would use the trade-in account regularly if I could scan items!
My app isn’t working, it doesn’t want to connect to the internet
When you scroll down the deals, images disappear for a moment and reappear after some 3-4 sec. That continuously happens as long as you scroll! Not an expect from Amazon! 
Get rid of the one click purchase. I’ve bought things on accident 3 times now.
Hi, when using this app does my charity of choice still get a portion of proceeds from my purchase or do I need to continue making purchases through the website instead? Thanks! 
It would really help to have another app open for reference while shopping. Product detail and descriptions aren't always the best on amazon. Seems like a straightforward update.
add support for smart invert colors.
Amazon is not what is use to be. Shipping is longer than 2 days and even takes forever to ship. Had packages missing and arrive late past guaranteed time. Not worth paying prime membership and would rather watch movies on Netflix instead of amazon. Save your money and troubles and use target never had a problem with shipping and u don’t have to buy a membership for crappy shipping!
As an enduser who without amazon would own nothing in their home, I must say why can’t I toggle between my personal and my business account with in the app? The web site should as well but really not the app? This is not a good CX. Also, this promotes low quality passwords being used for ease of toggling. Please consider this update. Thanks.
I just want to but food. But i dont want to be freanking SCAMMED with the bs 14.99 amazon pantry. I was used to be able to but regularly withput this hassle but i am very dissatisfaction
Used to love Amazon and being Prime member was worth it. Now with every update they take a little or a lot more songs etc away. Just feels like you are getting cheated with every update with the guise of fixing something lol. Guess not making enough money eh? 😂
Right now I’m pretty disappointed I can’t access anything on my account through the app but as soon as I go through the safari it works. Please fix it or I’m going to delete it. It shows up an error any time I try to order anything or go into see my previous orders.
My go to online shopping platform.
Great product worked well as predicted  Video was very helpful to put together! Thank you 
Doesn’t show review pics on my iPad.
You guys are simply amazing! The app is so user friendly! I couldn’t ask for a better shopping experience! Thank you! This app runs great on the X!
I come to amazon for 2 things:  1. Fast shipping 2. Customer reviews  It really irritates me that I can't seem to view any customer/reviewer images from the app. I rely on this for certain items because we all know that often enough the actual product looks a bit different from the stock photos. This helps me, as a consumer, to make the best decision and would likely result in fewer returns in general for all buyers if we can see the actual product. This appears to only be an issue with the iPad app as I can view pictures on my iPhone.  Another thing that really bothers me is not being able to search/filter reviews to certain words I want to search for. I like being able to search reviews to see if anyone has left a comparison to another product that I'm familiar with. I can't do this on either the iPad or iPhone version. I'm only able to search the website. 
Glitches and bugs are fixed quickly by a responsive development team, which I appreciate. App makes it easy to browse, purchase, and track orders.
Missing Account Switcher (Web App has). UPC scan hopelessly broken, formerly best in class. Walmart app has far surpassed it in speed and accuracy. Having to use ShopSavvy to scan UPC to find Amazon listings. Bring back good UPC scanning. 
I love amazon and have prime but for some reason on my iPad I can’t see the photos people uploaded to review products.
This app is the best for suff you want to be delivered to you instead of you having to buy it in the store.
You use it I use it everybody uses it saves you time gas energy and most of our money!!
The app is great on iPad, with the exception of not being able to access your account information and gift card balances. This can be done on my phone app, but why it isn’t available on the iPad version just baffles me.
App freezes and some buttons no longer work with the new update.
Why not a version that works with your Amazon Smile account?  I won't use the app until it supports Amazon Smile
I am unable to purchase kindle books from the amazon app on my iPad. I have to use my web browser/amazon.com to do this.
This app has a lot going for it. But it has an obvious flaw for those of us who have signed up for the AmazonSmile program.  The app can’t be used with placing orders under that program. Even the web add-on in the Firefox 57+ browser allows orders through Amazon Smile, but not this app. It can’t be the hard to remedy without have to switch over to a browser to order through that program. 
iPhone app is fine, but on iPad this is a dumpster fire
Thanks for fixing the toolbar bug. This is a great app, now the only improvement I would suggest is the ability to link to a smile charity through the app instead of having to use the website.
Need a link to pay bill
It's frustrating that I can't place orders using the Amazon app that benefit my chosen Amazon Smile organization. Amazon should add full Smile support for their mobile app so that users can do all the needed Smile related functions (including setting up Smile for the first time).
Where are the customer images like they are in the Android version? This app feels as though it is in early development.
*** Quickly fixed and much appreciated since I buy just about everything on Amazon. But I’d still like to know why on the iPad you can’t see pictures that people post. You have to use your phone or go thru the web to see them...   Newest update disabled being able to search. I can only use the web so it completely takes away the point of having an app. This is seriously the most frustrating thing ever!!!!! 😡😡😡   Also, with an iPad whyyyyyy can’t we see user pictures that they’ve posted? Can you fix that as well??? 
My 2nd gen 12.9 in iPad Pro does not work with this buggy garbage. You can't scroll size lists for products. No access to the same menu functions as the phone app. Horrible experience.
Works okay but leaves a lot of room for improvement. The whole thing is just specially formatted web pages rather than elements contained within the app itself, resulting in things like navigating being more “history” based like a browser.  Needs a complete rethink. 
I regularly use the Amazon app as there are so many good features and I love the design. However, I’ve noticed both on my phone and my wife’s phone the top region of the app can become unresponsive. Repeatedly tapping doesn’t solve the issue. For instance, if I click on the query field to search for a product, it sometimes works, and sometimes doesn’t. The same rule applies for other buttons and fields in that upper region of the app layout. Closing and reopening the app temporarily solves the issue, but often only for a moment before it loses critical functionality again. I know Amazon only hires the best so I would love to see a fix.
Issues, buggy. What is happening to this Amazon app?  Use to be good but has been crap lately.
Stop adding useless “features” that break functionality of the app. Do you test your app at all? Can’t even search for things cause you broke it. Serious amateur hour development.
It appears with the latest update that the app is freezing terribly. This wasnt happening before... now its almost impossible to shop!
The app for the iPad needs the same level of quality updates the phone version does. The interface is outdated and has less functionality than the web version. If it’s possible to fit that information on the web version, then it’s possible to make an iPad friendly version that has the modern look of the iPhone app.
I wish there was a dark theme likely they have in the audible app so I could have my screen brightness on high to see the products clearly and not be blinded by all of the white in the background.
I’m not able to search the site at all with the latest update. This makes it really hard to shop what I’m looking for.
Have to close and reopen each time to make a feature work. Every time I do anything. Like search or use barcode scanner, filter results etc. fix Amazon. You are a multi billion dollar company and this is deplorable.
Can’t use the back button anymore! App keeps getting stuck (iPhone). Once it’s stuck, only shutting it down and restarting it lends to recovery. Until you try to use the back button again. Come on amazon, I’ve been a customer since you started but this has to be worst app update ever!!!
KEEPS FREEZING!! Please fix bugs. This app is amazing. If you like to shop online, this app is for you.
Good job. Don’t you have people to test and make sure you can at least use the search feature before rolling out an update?
As soon as I updated my Amazon app on IOS to 11.01.0 it locks up and becomes unresponsive as soon as you complete any task. You check your account.....unresponsive, search for something.....unresponsive. I “loved” the app and have used it for years without issue on this device.....please research and fix it.
I love this app but the latest version the back button doesn’t respond most of the time. Really hope this is fixed soon as it makes it cumbersome to use.
Can't figure out why that would be hard. Kind of makes the app a whole lot less useful.  Update: this app gets worse and worse. Not optimized for iPhone X. Can’t use top navigation. It’s just terrible 
Lately; this app is “freezing” up. You would think that a big company like Amazon would take their app development more seriously. I used to like shopping on my phone with the app, but now it is a pain! I hope they fix it. If not , I’ll do my shopping elsewhere.
I’ve used this app for a long time but suddenly the buttons on the top (the Go back, search, and shopping cart buttons) only work sometimes. It’s really frustrating. I’m trying to buy stuff but it’s hindering my shopping experience.
This app makes it way too easy for me to order just about anything I can think up.... love...   The new update... the top of the app is unresponsive- ... that’s where the search bar is!! Now I can’t order anything I can dream up... hate...   This is the only app that does it- so I know it’s not the phone...   help? 
This used to be one of the most reliable apps.  Now the developers are breaking basic functionality.  This new version will lockup the top navigation bar to the point that the app becomes useless.  Takes 3-4 restarts of the app just to buy a couple of things.
The app works fine, but there are some features missing from the iPad version of this app. There’s no way to view “Interesting Finds” like on the iPhone and web browser, unless it’s just really convoluted and I can’t figure it out. Also no way to view pictures that people have posted in reviews of products? Small issues, but they force me to browse on my smaller iPhone when I want to browse on my iPad.
Can not go back or any where else. App freezes when you use it. This is the second time I had to uninstall and wait for improvements.  Again I will remove the app and go to my browser to use amazon. The app is zero benefit I don’t plan on using again 
It would be nice if you could easily switch account to your business account. Maybe I just don’t see it? Something like google drive set up would be great. Or just duplicate the app in the App Store with a new creative name like.... “Amazon Business”
I want to love this app. For 6-8 I stubbornly refused to download the app bc I didn’t want one more thing taking up space on my phone. I was just going to the website from Safari every time til I finally broke down and downloaded it. At first I loved the quick access bc I have come to rely on amazon and my prime account a lot (bc shopping for random items you need at various stores HOPING you find what you want is daunting with toddlers when you can find it on your phone and have it at your door in two days).  I started getting irritated with the wish lists. I really don’t like the bar at the bottom and I don’t see how to get rid of it. I also don’t like that it’s difficult to find all my lists since I have a few to keep up with Birthday gift ideas for different family members. And today has been my biggest annoyance. I just updated the app after having no problems and today I can barely use the app. I am trying to order 5 items and the app keeps locking up. I can only navigate about 3-4 pages before everything in the blue bar stops working. I can scroll on the page I am on but I have no way of leaving the page without fully closing the app and going back in.  Please please please fix this. Amazon and it’s app has made life easier for me, I want that back!!! 
Please fix app. Keep lockup when looking at products. It won’t back out. Have closed app Thank you 
The Amazon app needs to have just one app instead of having multiple different apps for your needs. Just one centralized app that can do it all so you don’t have to go back and forth.
I’m not able to use my search option with the new update, or any actions, for that matter!  Makes it pretty hard to shop!
App is nicely built. Good shopping experience
This app is very user friendly and has a ton of functionality. There is obviously room to improve with everything, but I have zero complaints as is!
It’s very glitchy, and a little disorganized. Not very user-friendly, and there’s a ton of fake reviews on a lot of products. I recommend people to visit websites like Fakespot to determine if reviews are deceitful or not. Lastly, Amazon should have no excuse for their mobile app to be this bad if they are one of the richest companies in the world.
This latest version of the app freezes constantly on my iPhone 8 plus.
I have found this app to be versatile and useful, and I use it extensively for account-related functions and shopping, but I WILL NOT place orders with this app unless and until it syncs with my Amazon Smile settings.
First I love(ed) this app for it's great design and ease of use. I have a few problems: 1-if I use the app I don't get the Amazon Smile benefit of automatic donations to the charity of my choice. I make enough purchases for this to be significant.  2-from the beginning I have not been able to buy streaming videos via the app. It's frustrating to have to switch over to the website to buy these videos.  3-ever since the latest update there have been numerous bugs!! It's insane, the app is basically unusable. If I select a product to read the details I can no longer use the menus, back, home or search buttons. The only way around this is to close out the app and start my search over which makes comparison shopping basically impossible.  Before these bugs I would have given the app four stars as the other two issues are nuisances only. 
Love the ease of use and products and prices
Amazon is good but it would be great if they had a Amazon garage app for cars and trucks
The last few versions of the Amazon app have become progressively worse. From losing the barcode search history to constant freezes and required resetting of the app to Cart - Save For Later scrolling issues and embedded links becoming suddenly “unclickalcle.”  As good as I remember the app being when I first starting using it, that’s how bad it’s become. It’s less troublesome and just as timely for me to go to my desktop or laptop and go to the website (which has its own issues) to shop. I really wish Amazon would get its s**t together on this app thing. Little things like your app being functional and software versions being ready for distribution do matter. 
The buttons are not responsive most of the time. I tap and I tap and it takes me no where.  Their website is so much better.  Pay some money and get some good devs. 
So everything is going mobile. Everything. But you are going to tell me the only way to support my Favorite charity when I shop at Amazon through the Amazon smile program is on my desktop? No option on the iOS app!!!! Seriously??? I budget on my phone. I bank in my phone. I visually renovate homes on my phone. I email my elected officials on my phone. I rarely use my desktop anymore. So cmon Amazon. Get with it and support Amazon Smile on iOS or create a new app. This is just plain wrong. Or lazy?
I made the mistake of doing some of my Christmas shopping off Amazon.com.  I ordered an item, then after I ordered it, amazon.com changed the picture, and sent me the item they changed the picture to.  So I ended up with an item that I never wanted or even ordered.  The worst part is that they would not give me a refund, they would only credit my account.  I'm now being forced to spend my money with a company that gave me the worst customer service experience of my life.  Please do not let this happen to you.
For the past six months I haven't been able to checkout using the app. It repeats screens several times and then will kick me back a step. It is very frustrating.   I updated the app and I'm constantly checking the App Store for updates for this app in particular to see if it will get fixed.   I guess it's saved some money on impulse buys, but I miss the convenience of being able to order things on my phone/not having to boot up the computer. 
It’s not as good as the website of course but it is faster if you mostly know what you want.  I would like to see an option to make the text bigger.
Good app, very functional, I like it. The BIG strike is that it does not support amazon smile. I want my purchases to help the organization I support and this requires logging into the website. This needs to be fixed, else it just looks like Amazon doesn’t actually want to support smile charities if it doesn’t have to.
I’m disabled enough walking hurts. Shopping requires help. Amazon saves me! The UPS puts inside for me. Returns easy no hassle. Chat support is quick and offer me a credit for my inconvenience ?! No wonder everyone trying to catch Amazon. Service is really the key. Great service. Thank you! If we would just get an Amazon fresh ....
It would be nice if we could support selected charities from the app instead of the website. I suppose I could delete the app and bookmark the page I want to use.
App itself is generally fine, gets the job done.   But the buzz notification for adding items to your cart IS THE WORST.  Please add an off switch.  I despise apps that make my phone buzz when I’m using it. 
No way to use Amazon smile.  Lists do not scroll properly.  Not all functions on the web are available in-app.  Lots of nits for an app that amazon wants to make central to your life.
Use this app all the time for shopping but why do you make me pull up the site in a browser to buy a Kindle book and only give me the option to download a sample on the app?  Took me trying the app on iPad, iPhone and then Chrome to finally figure that out.  Wasted about 15 min of my time.  If you’d fix that I’d give you 5 *s...
It just says sorry try later like com on bro joust want to see my garage
The iPhone amazon app has customer pictures but the iPad don’t! Very much needed
The thing that separated the app from the website was the simplicity and the shortcuts the app provided, specially the convenience of having your lists on a left side grid, that though it might've seem intrusive while viewing any particular product, it gave us the option of glancing back at the rest of list without having to reload it by going back and forth. I expect a lot more from the biggest e-commerce company in the world, including the best app.
Amazon - please make an app for Smile !!!
Why can’t I buy a Kindle book from either my Kindle itself or the Amazon App? Why do I have to go to Safari to buy something? What - you don’t want my money? I can buy other things - why not Kindle books?
Love the app, but I wish it would connect to the Amazon Smile link so that I can also help others while making a purchase. Every little bit counts.
I absolutely adore amazon. I shop here as much as I shop at Target or Walmart. I am an amazon prime member as well. I have this app on my phone and iPad but for some reason when I view a product on my iPad I can only read reviews, I can’t see the photos from the reviews which REALLY bothers me because I am the kind of person who relies on reviews to motivate me to purchase an item. So for me, what’s the point of having this app on my iPad if I can’t even see review photos? I buy furniture, pet items, household items, and more from amazon. So I would really appreciate this issue being solved.
I read reviews and rely on customer images. My iPhone allows me to view customer images, but the Amazon app for my iPad does not. It’s driving me crazy!
I have updated, deleted, reinstalled ———repeatedly. I have to use web browser. Prime customer not happy!!!!!
I give this an overall score of 5 stars, this app is even better than the website because it easier to use without any interruptions!😍😻😻😻LOVE, LOVE,LOVE
I don’t know why, but for the past few months or so (I didn’t use the app as much before) I experience an issue with connectivity!!! Like 50% of the time! Like i could be on WiFi or my LTE and it will tell me I have no internet connection. Which makes no sense because I’m using my phone just fine with any other app that requires internet. So then i have to use safari instead and that works fine. But then what’s the point of the app? Anyway, please address this issue! Thank you 
The app constantly crashes when I’m in the midst of adding items within Amazon Fresh
Whether I’m on WIFI or LTE/4G, when I open the amazon app I get an error that says “can’t connect to internet.” I’ve deleted the app and reinstalled, closed and reopened, signed in and out, and everything else I can think of. Even checked the app settings.
The app keeps saying the connect to the internet and/or that the Amazon network isn’t working but if I try on my computer or through safari on my phone Amazon works. I don’t know what’s wrong with the app on the iPhone 8 but it doesn’t work. This is completely bull sh*t.
I find all of amazon apps to be confusing and difficult to use. I can usually figure it out but it takes much more time and energy than I would like it to.  For example , I’m trying to purchase a kindle book. I can’t get it from the kindle app. I have to sign into my Amazon account. Then I’ll find the book I want and it will tell me it can’t be purchased through this device.  I wanted to purchase an Audible selection. I found the one I wanted and it said I didn’t have my credit card info. I signed into my amazon app and I can’t find where to enter it.  Lastly, I was charged for one of my paid apps on the Firestick.  I wanted to go into amazon to double check which one I was charged for. (I have another person in my house who tries to add apps without permission) i couldn’t go in through my phone. I had to go into the section on the TV.   I just don’t find it very user friendly. 
- Can’t see Customer images from reviews  - Can’t see Fresh orders or shop on Fresh - Shopping Cart is not what it should be - Often you can’t go back to a Search you just did  Mobile website looks and works much better 
New ads take audio focus of device, pausing Music/Pods as you scroll past... Very annoying!!
Why do I need to be notified every time someone I know downloads this garbage app??? That’s not s message that’s Facebooks terrible self promotion of their useless app that could have just remained a part of their other useless app. Seriously stop making up reasons for me to open this garbage. Maybe if you were a credible source of actual notifications everyone wouldn’t hate you so much...
It opens your amazon app only to take you to amazon.com on safari.
App feels super dated on iPad which I guess isn’t that big a deal for a shopping app. It’s functional- but what really bothers me is that you can’t see pictures customers upload as part of their review. This pictures are more influential to my buying decision than the product photos. I’ll be sticking with the webpage until this feature is added to the app.
I love amazon and the iPhone app is great. The iPad app however seems to be stuck in the dark ages. Really need an update to make it more inline with the iPhone app
I want to like it but it constantly says it’s not connected to the internet. My phone is always connected to the internet so riddle me that. So then I just go to amazons website and it works fine. For such a large and expansive corporation, this amazon app is disappointing. To echo another reviewer about reminders of previous items popping up is a problem. If I search for an item of a personal nature at home then access amazon at work to order things for students, up pops what I looked at at home. Hope the app improves soon but until then, 1 star.
Love the ease in which Amazon helps me spend my money. Love the “Buy now” feature. A couple of things I would love to see changed.  1. On sensitive items, have an option when ordering to place the review in a private area, instead of with all others.  2. Allow an alias to be used for reviews on sensitive products for privacy.  3. Allow me to delete reviews in my account.  4. Be more accurate and honest with delivery dates.  Otherwise, I love the app and ease of doing business with Amazon. 
There’s no reason to use an app when the website has better functionality. Per amazon’s own investor statements, the point of the app is to reduce the likelihood that consumers will shop for the same items on other sites. Hard pass.   This app makes shopping on amazon slightly harder than the web version, so why go through extra effort to have a worse experience? 
I can browse lately but mobile apps on phone & iPad not letting me order and often can’t access my lists. Pretty useless & forcing me to shop less since I’ve had to do all the actual ordering from laptop.
It NEEDS an Apple Watch companion. I have begged amazon over the phone to PLEASE make an amazon app, music app, and an audible app for the Apple Watch.
Love this app and use it all the time. Would give it 5 stars if I could buy ebooks for my kindle with it. Amazon, please add that functionality.
This will not let me place an order. I have to do it through safari. What’s the point of this app now??  Update: I reinstalled the app and everything worked and orders work again. Thank You to the reviews which I should have looked at first. 
Amazon’s app will never be truly great until  it supports touch id or face id features.
How can i get Amazon Smile on the app?  I am always having to use the web.
I would give this app 5 stars if 2 annoying things were fixed.  1. Let me buy Kindle books through the app 2. Until you let me buy Kindle books through the app, or give me a link to the website to purchase it, PLEASE let me open the full website in my browser without redirecting me to the freaking app!!!! 
The app is easy to use and visually appealing, but I’ve twice placed orders accidentally cause of the “Buy now with 1-Click” button that is purposely placed where the “add to cart” option is on the website. Obviously this is no accident by Amazon, and I find it quite frustrating and disappointing. I feel less inclined to use the app at this point.
I absolutely loved using this app. The interface is nicely arranged and easy to navigate. I like how the seamless transition from hyperlink in safari goes directly to opening the app. It’s a nice feature.
I got this app just so I could downloads books for my kindle. But you can’t download books from the app?? Since I use amazon basically just to buy books, this is very frustrating.
Why can I not buy e-books on this application? I suspect I know and it’s stupid! Why can I not watch videos on iTunes? The copyright laws in this country are idiotic. But the only place I’m able to buy any book is on my laptop online, so dumb? This app is virtually unless!
Amazon has anything and everything you need, even the things you don’t even need nor want!  You can track packages now and that’s awesome so now I know there’s no problems and I can see what dates it’ll come in! It’s definitely worthy of 5 stars!
The iPhone app let's you access account info, but the iPad app doesn't. That didn't make sense to me, and since I've had so many GREAT experiences with Amazon, I thought maybe I was just missing it, so I reached out to Amazon, and after a lengthy back-and-forth, they could neither confirm nor deny that this feature was part of the Amazon app, they just told me if I couldn't find it on my own, it might not be part of the app.   Sad! 
The app on my iPhone and iPad do not give me the option to purchase only download a sample.  Amazon customer service has not been able to solve my problem.  I can purchase and download from my MacBook with no problem.
Listen up I bought a Z Yang AG doll and all we got was a box.Thanks for getting me scammed.God Bless you so you can get a better company and better sellers
I love Amazon. I just ordered something using free shippping, and it estimated a week, but the next day it said it was coming tomorrow by 8 pm. The speed of getting your order is so fast, and they have everything you can think of. This is the only app I use for online ordering, and it is really great. Highly recommend getting this over any other online shopping app!
My app doesn’t work most of the time. Then I will try to go to the Amazon website through safari and it takes me back to the app. Super annoying. 🙁
This version is great with lots of new features. My primary purpose of writing this is really to provide feedback in hopes the Amazon app team will read this:  The feature to return multiple items seems to be broken. At least on my iPhone 7. When you enter the checklist there is no way out of it once you load more items. 
it’s hard to use and browse on the app because it keeps freezing, no way to see the products details when I clicked on the thumbnail. Had to use the desktop instead.
I downloaded it but I have to come to the App Store to open it. It didn’t download an icon
The app is great and I buy everything through here but what happened to the option for smile.amazon?  I purchase many items thinking my charity is going to get its donation but your app has no link only through the website. Extremely misleading!  Please adjust...St. Jude’s Children are worthy of my donation and would like to continue. #savethechildren 
I couldn’t find a way to access Amazon Smile through my app, which is super disappointing. I love that feature of Amazon and I will just have to shop via browser unless this issue is corrected.
Dear Amazon! My iPhone knows that you are digging deep to get users data and from TV app also. So I am watching movies but internet is dropping every 15 min for two reasons one it takes lot of data to stream TV but if that was the case then YouTube and Netflix could also drag Wi-Fi speed but that doesn’t happen so another possibility is that you guys are just digging in for data and that’s the reason Wi-Fi is slowing down. Whether digging of the data is anonymously or privacy violence but it is indeed doing it and that is making a very bitter experience of streaming movies on the Samsung TV app. Now either you can blame it on Samsung TV software itself which might be possible as they do so. But in all this what we on user end experiencing is terrible suffering while watching a movie. I have no idea and by any means I cannot get any idea who the culprit to give this bitter experience of watching TV with this dropping internet connection. I hope if its your end then it will get well soon or if it is Samsung TV then hope they will also get well soon. 
I can’t use this anymore because I keep getting the “oops something went wrong” every time I have to enter my password. It won’t save my password either. Very frustrating. If I want to access Amazon I do it through a web browser.
App doesn’t scale properly on the iPhone X and it needs to be updated. Very surprised it hasn’t been patched by now.
Decent app. Please enable use with Apple Watch. I’d love to be able to receive notifications, updates and stream music
I’m giving this one star for a couple of reasons. I still have to go to my computer to make a purchase if I want to use Amazon Smile to support a charity. Although it does help that I can add items in the app and they’re in my cart when I go to my computer. Amazon needs to add the Amazon Smile to their app. Also, I was supposed to get a $20 credit from Amazon for installing the app and signing in for the first time and it’s been over two weeks. I have yet to see my credit.
I don’t mind notifications about my orders. I hate the mindless non-stop “deals” I receive even though I disabled any option related to it. Best thing is to disable the notifications for the app and just rely on email notifications for order status.
I don’t understand why I can’t purchase a kindle book in this app on my iPhone. I have to go out of the app and go to the full site in order to purchase a title. I can download a sample but not purchase it.
I’m fine with the way the app is set up, BUT one of my most used features when shopping on Amazon is checking the photos in reviews to see real life images of the products. The app hasn’t allowed me to do this on my iPad Pro for some time now, so I mostly have to use the browser version of the site anyway. Is this feature coming back to the app or should I just delete it? Frustrated.
Good app, but those automatic videos are a big no for me, will give 4 stars if changed. Love Amazon
I have few issues on the iPhone but the iPad app freezes and needs a big UI update. It’s quite ugly and uninviting. It doesn’t make me want to use the app which hurts Amazon in the end. Making the app better can only help their bottom line which makes me wonder why they don’t.
Shopping using the Amazon app is very slow. It always seems to be buffering to open even it’s own selections! Using the app is very counter-intuitive.  It is also very targeted to my previous purchases. When it’s not focusing on my previous purchases, it seems focused on their own deals and things that are pretty far out. I Shop on Amazon almost exclusively and I very rarely use the app
Transforms my shopping experience into a fuc. Ng nightmareeeeeee!!!!!!!’
So far so good. 👍I have amazon prime and I swear this app gives me life!!i love everything about this app and they make sure that it arrives on time! This is the best shopping app ever and I’m addicted!
I downloaded the Amazon app for the ease of shopping on my phone. However when I use my finger print it just says ‘something went wrong’ and never loads. The same thing happens. It’s made the app virtually unusable. I might just delete it.
So now if I’m listening to music and scroll past an auto playing video ad, it stops my music?!? This is garbage and needs to be removed. I will refuse to buy any product that puts an ad out like this.
Amazon smile does not work thru the app
The app is easy to use and has lots of great features, including price comparison.  However, it is not compatible with the Amazon Smile program, where 1/2 of a percent of my purchase goes to my favorite charity, Institute for Justice.  I have to add everything to my basket and then order through my browser.  It’s a small donation to a great organization Amazon, make it apply to ALL of my purchases regardless of the platform I order on!
What happened to the shopping list? I used to be able to get into my shopping list on my iPhone and now I can’t? Why, whathappened?
When I go to the website it routes me to the app no matter what and your app is completely garbage!  I can’t change payment options I can’t change shipping speeds I can’t get the amazon prime notification about streaming and music to stop popping up!  Y’all are killing retail and then online shopping too The app is now garbage! You guys need to start all the way over i think! 
I love this app...but I have deleted and downloaded this app over and over again. There is a notification badge that I can’t get to go away. I have checked everything. I can thing of, to no avail. Please, can you fix this or tell me how to?! Thanks!
STOP TAKINGGGGG MY FUKKIN MONEYYYYYY IF YOU SEE I DIDNT FUKKIN PURCHASE IT IN MY NAMEEEEE!!!!   I WANT MY FUKKIN MONEY BACK OR ELSE IM TAKING LEGAL ACTIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Easy to use and never stop improving! Keep it up team Amazon!
The app is great for shopping and buying.  However, thats where it stops.  Amazon customer service has always been pretty shotty over the years, and they also try to prevent you from contacting them as much as possible by burying the ability to or out right preventing it and forcing you to use online help which only can answer maybe half the questions.  I worked for an outsourcer with Amazon in the past and it was as bad then this is when their contact info by email or phone was easily accessible.
Unable to use AmazonSmile with the app
i would really like to see the “smile” feature added so i can donate to the chosen charity group.
There is no photos and videos on product reviews on ipad pro 12.9 using amazon app.
i always say - give your product/soft to your granny to try. If she is able to use it than  its cool. Why did you place the swipe action Further Info on the scanner page at the bottom? As a result in 90% of cases i swipe up to open the phone's control panel. Also there is the terrible violation of privacy: i must accept your outrageous demand to send scanned photos to you. Never happens. Rolled back to previous version 7.x - it does absolutely everything i need. 
I love Amazon and the app is very good. My biggest complaint is that the app and the browser site aren’t the same. I’m tired of going to the browser every time I want to buy a book. Same with their audible and kindle apps.  You have to go to the browser to buy stuff.
Amazon worked wonders on my iPhone 6... I was long overdue for an upgrade so I upgraded to the best. I expected the apps from major, million dollar companies to work flawlessly with my new phone. Sadly, this is untrue. When amazon fixes Face ID and login errors, I’ll come back to the app.
Now there are video ads in this app with sound? They force stop my music app and can’t be muted. This is ridiculous. C’mon Amazon.
I wanted to buy a movie to stream and could not do it on the amazon video app. So I tried this app also couldn't buy it. So I try going to my browser to buy it and it just take me right back to the app. Extremely annoying.
App has nice layout and is very convenient, except one little thing - I can't place order though it. It has been crashing since the last update.
iPad version is awful compared to iPhone version. iPhone version does everything I can do on web, but iPad is very limited. Spent 15 min trying to figure out where to find my registry. Not on the menu or department list or link in the bottom. Still cannot find it. Uninstalling.
Amazon app for iPhone. Sometime in fall 2017 this app was RUINED. I can no longer place new orders or view existing ones!
My app was working perfectly three days ago and now I get “no internet connection “!  Please help me I don’t see any support for my iOS device on this matter.
I use to love you, Amazon Prime, until you lost your bid and "2-day shipping" now takes a week at times. Not worth my $100 now. Such a scam. So sad to have to let you go.
I usually shop through this app but hate having to go my internet browser to check out using Amazon Smile. I wish the app would “Smile”!
Why am I not able to make purchases through my iPad like I can from my laptop? Most of the items say “not available for purchase from this device”. Come on Apple, you are making it too inconvenient to use your products. FYI - it is the same with my iPhone.
Since the first of October pages don’t fully load or don’t load at all, and when they do and I’m able to shop I can’t check out! Always asking me for my password....
My purchases (via browser) are always via smile. This app needs a settings designation to allow that. Until that happens, I’ll use app for product research but go to browser to actually purchase.
Why can’t I see customer reviews pictures??? This blows my mind why I can see them on my iPhone app but not on the iPad Pro app? 🤯
The app won’t let me view pictures.  FRUSTRATING!!! 
I Possible to browse by department as they burry the link to actually look at the department behind pages of suggested products... this app has frustrated me so much that a lot of times I just give up on the purchase.... 
I love amazon prime but with the latest update, I can’t view or track my orders in the app. I can only view/track when I log in on my laptop.   This has been a horrible experience given that I got all my gifts for the holidays from amazon. 
Im In the US. And no matter what i do, the app thinks i wanna buy on international. Please fix.
Unless I’m missing something, you can’t make Smile purchases through this app. I don’t care if it’s only a few cents...I want Amazon to donate to my favorite non profit organization whenever I make purchases. The only way I can do this on my phone is to pull up safari and go directly to the Smile Amazon website. So what’s the point of having an app if I have to do this?
App is slow. Need to have more control of settings/ preferences within the app. I can't archive my orders in the app because it looks the same as the mobile website. So this means I have to go on desktop version in order to do all of this! What's the purpose of the app.
The app is very easy to use..but some sellers are very unprofessional when is comes to your items and extremely fraudulent and amazon seems to back their sellers 100% when it comes down to leaving a negative review due to unacceptable circumstances from their sellers..BE VERY AWARE OF WHO YOU ORDER FROM, AMAZON CANT BE TRUSTED AT ALL...
The app works well, but I don’t use it much because it doesn’t work with smile.amazon. This is a huge disappointment that prevents me from making the app my preferred way to use Amazon. Also, for security reasons, I would prefer to keep my credit card outside of Amazon and use Apple Pay. This would be a smart implementation.
This version of the app breaks the login functionality! Amazon- get it together! It's the holidays!
Can you hurry up and put Walmart out of business please?
I have a notification and it won’t go away no matter what I do. I have checked everything and the only way to do it is to turn off notifications on my phone or delete the app. So I guess I will delete the app.
Very sad when you get a pop up from Amazon's website to download this app and receive $20 on your first order from the app and then they don't give you the money and have no record of this offer. Thanks for nothing Amazon. App has been deleted.
Whatever it is, the app keeps asking me for the password and keeps shutting down. Constant error messages. The issue appeared after iOS 11 came out (I have the latest version installed). Idk it that’s the way amazon wants everyone to upgrade to the latest Apple phones, I have a 7 and I’m not trying to switch it in the next 2 years.
It’s been almost half an hour, and I still have been unable to sign out of the application.  This is a reprehensible design error; a total disregard of the customers ease-of-use.  R O-M, NJ. 
States no internet connection so I made sure it can connect to cellular data, but it still isn’t working. I’ve deleted and reinstalled app. All other apps and internet work
Friendly suggestions: ability to use AmazonSmile with the Amazon app and ability to rate customer service after chat (I noticed some agents won’t end the chat so you can’t rate them, so there’s a loophole there)
Love this app! Just wanted to submit some feedback- the “Add to List” function seems to have stopped working. Whenever I try to use it, it looks like the page just refreshes, and it takes me back to the top. 
Everyone is giving this app bad reviews, I don’t know why. This app is amazing. Love shopping from it.
After the last ‘upgrade’ I proceed to my basket I get the eternal log in demand - enter password, ‘something went wrong’ - back to basket - enter password, wash, rinse repeat!  Enough already!!!
Super easy to use! Super convenient! And omg the shipping and ordering services are so fast, ordered less than an hour ago and my items have already shipped. Love ❤️
I love Amazon caz you can get lots of interesting things up to Alaska, I build motorbikes and motorcycles and Amazon has almost everything I would need to make it nice :)
Enough is enough! How many times I have to rescan my card or entered my card number manually in this app? Need Apple Pay immediately.
Used to be fast, now it’s so slow with VPN, I’ve stopped using the app. Definitely affected my purchase frequency.
I’m ios11.2, when I use the search feature, the iPhone X fails to pull up your app when I type in “Amazon.” This is happening with other apps, too. Problem is, if people have tons of apps like me, I rely on the search feature to open your app, otherwise I can’t find it. Please let Apple know.
Amazon windowshop app. Is by far the best  They made.  It's a shame that by moving Forward, you took two steps backwards. I have not like this app. For two reasons. 1. It doesn't have enough variety. 2. It doesn't have enough items. 
This app works perfectly, I can shop and buy what I need just fine.  However, there is one HUGE but, and the reason I knocked the app back to 3 stars. Why is the Amazon smile program not implemented in this app, or have its own app? Yes I can add to my cart and switch to the website, but that is easy to forget. As a volunteer with a non profit, it is sad to think how much we have lost because Amazon won’t make the process easy by just adding this feature to your account. 
This is a recent issue, but for the last 3 weeks when I’m using the app, it keeps asking me to sign in. Most of the time it’s serval times in a row. I mean seconds from one another. Please fix this glitch.  Also, can you please integrate the AmazonSmile feature on the app? We didn’t realize thousands of dollars that we spent on the app did not go towards our organization of choice - Make A Wish. 
So I’m listening to music and shopping on Amazon’s app and then my music is interrupted by a Video add for Amazon’s Echo.  Get rid of the f@&$ing adds in your app Amazon.  They are very intrusive. 
I like the app for the most part but the number of errors, and times it asks for Touch ID make it easier to just use the website.
The app won’t let me change my password and someone is hacking my account adding things to my cart. I called multiple times and had to recover my account. I’m tired of doing it, it’s annoying
Amazon app is not working for a few days, and also in browser its not working in my mobile phone. And it worked ok! On my laptop is ok, but on the iphone, no amazon!!! Fixx?!? 
One really annoying thing about this app is that to date I can not copy text. I often like to copy a product name and paste in a browser or ebay to research. I hate when developers dictate and control this kind of stuff!!! It’s like DVD players that don’t allow you to navigate when and how you want to! I usually just go to amazon in a browser instead of using this app. I also like to copy a product URL and paste it in fakespot to see if the reviews are real, something I can’t do using the amazon app.
After the latest series of iOS updates, this app doesn't load, won't let you sign in. I tried deleting the app and downloading again, it did not solve any problems. There are major problems with iOS and the Amazon App.
I'm an Amazon addict so his app is everything I need and some, I can shop, manage all my prime subscriptions and send orders wherever and whenever I need
One star. I am deleting the app as soon as this review is complete. Way inferior to the browser view for purchasing & research, but what has sent me over the edge is the vibration whenever an item is added to the cart. According to Amazon support this cannot be disabled in the app. Just use a browser.
Best app ever!!  I'm SO glad they made this app! Everyone is complaining About "glitches" but I have absolutely NONE. GREAT APP!! 
