The best ereader! I really love it. It is nice that you can customise just about everything you like! The only thing is, I wish you could synchronise your progress/bookmarks across all your devices. So I can read on my phone when I'm on the go and carry on on my tablet at home without manually entering the new spot. Would it be possible to do that at all? Perhaps with a log in. But otherwise this app is perfect! Always works well and a joy to use!
Needs cross-device synchronisation This is my favourite eBook reader. It does almost everything I need. The only thing it lacks is cross-device synchronisation to allow me to read from where I left off no matter which device (phone or pad) I pick up. Maybe having the app save its book position/mark index to Google drive (or any similar cloud provider) would do the trick. I'm awarding all five stars anyway, but would love to see a synch feature in a future update.
I loved the app and all features including the flexibility in layout. It supports all formats of e-books mentioned and there is also a night mode . Everything is FREE!! But it would be great if the page turning animation was made more realistic. That's the only thing lagging in Coolreader
Why ruin it? The app was working great! Now it won't even access my SD card. Why does every single developer mess up their product with so called "updates"?! I'd it works, leave it alone! Uninstalled...
Keeps crashing This keeps closing while I'm reading i have to start over and skip pages to go where i left off its getting annoying. Im looking a different reader to use this is not for phones
WAS Best eReader period Since Marshmallow, doesn't use ext storage. won't even load from it. "trying to load book from non-standard location". my favourite app just bit the dust in a gory bloody mess.
Excellent reader with many options I have been using this reader for many years, and it has always served me well. As another reviewer has mentioned however, it seems that in Android 6.0, files located on an external SD card cannot be opened by cool reader. I hope this is fixed in an update soon.
Can't see external SD card Love this app, but just got a new phone with Marshmallow and it can't see the SD card. I see reviews reporting this 6 months ago, so not hopeful this will be fixed. I guess it's the end of the road for me. :(
How difficult can be to implement SD card read access? I had this app on all my devices and now I just cannot use it with the book collection I keep on the card. Will come back with different rating once this is fixed.
Books disappears from recent books all the time. Annoying. Try it only if you do not mind to search for a book on storage, then search for a page you stopped reading at least once a day.
THE ABSOLUTE BEST READING APP This app really rocks! It won't disappoint You, cool reader reads books when all other readers fail! UB reader failed to read something but this read it! It looks a bit bad but it works better than anything. I even somehow managed to download the messages off a social network and read THEM as a book! Beyond compare, you will love it, do rate it 5 stars!
The best ebook reader I've used in a long, long while. My only personal concern is that it tries to open the same ebook each time I start the app, not the one I'm currently reading. When I deleted the book, the startup message is "Cannot open book". Then I have to press Back & then click on the book I'm currently reading, from the list displayed. Apart from this one frustrating thing, I absolutely love it. If a solution can be provided, I'd have no hesitation in giving it 5 stars. Cheers!
Great ebook reader Can't say it's the best, just because after using it for several years on several devices I never wanted to try another app to compare, because this one has everything I need. It's good enough.
Very good reader, but force closes constantly Very good app, used to be my go-to ebook reader, but recently began to constantly force-close and lose track of the page of the book i'm currently reading. hope this would be fixed soon. meantime, i'm using a competing reader... Edit: using Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 and 5.0.2.
Until kitkat that was awesome app. Since marshmallow it's nearly useless The problem is with permissions, obviously. It won't even try to access my external SD card. Sad, because this is perfectly doable (some other ebook readers can do it)
Works well but looks disgusting Great app but it looks vile. Everything from the icon to the app background is revolting. I won't have it on my desktop as the icon is so dreadful. If the dev sorts out the aesthetics I'd give it 5 stars.
Great application. But exists one negative feature. For Android 7 + miui 9 had no access to SD card at all. App shows notification that "application is old..."
It is absolutely slow and it keeps hanging. The pages don't even turn right. The font is bad. Who asked the app to change the layout of the book?
