Superb app which does exactly what it says on the tin. No fluff, just a simple tool which gives you your DoF and HFD based on your camera and lens data. I love how the app chooses the circle of confusion automatically based on the camera sensor. I also appreciate the tasteful graphic which depicts the DoF. What would make this app perfect for me: Include the option to work backwards, allowing the user to specify the minimum and maximum points to be in focus, and the app gives you the required subject distance!
Superb app I like to shoot from the hip on the street. My AF lenses get super confused about what subject to focus on. If there are multiple subjects, forget it. I've bought a couple of manual lenses and everything I want is in focus every time thanks to this app. Well laid out and easy to use. I'd happily pay for it if it wasn't free. Indispensable. Thank you :)
Cool app with minor annoyances Easy to understand. No BS and doesn't overcomplicate the reading of the DOF information. The name of the app could confuse one to think that it only works for photographers that swears to using hyperfocal, which isn't the case it can be used by all photographers interested in using DOF in their photography. What sometimes annoys me is that the focal lengths are listed in increments of as low as 1 mm! That's good and fine for focal lengths below 100 mm. Above that increments of 10 mm should be sufficient.
Great simple app. Easy to use. Works great with M43 sensors & lenses. A must have app for the street photographer who likes to pre set focus. Old school and charts still your thing? It's got those too.
Wow! Includes Nikon D500 Stats This is so much more than I was expecting in a free app! As a n00b photographer who chose to jump in with the latest high end DSLR, it has already begun to help demystify the techical aspects involved in setting up and properly capturing a shot in a way that is easy to understand, with every aspect of the individual parameters tailored for my specific camera. Thank you so much for putting in all the necessary time and energy that it must have taken to create this app. May your efforts be properly rewarded!!
Easy and useful Was a bit sceptical first, but a very well designed app indeed! Supports practically any camera/lens
Invaluable little app if you like to shoot any sort of candid street style photography, or shoot from the hip with a flash. f/8 & be there! 5⭐
Clarifies and simplifies This app has helped bring several principles together in a clear and concise way. The tables are a bonus. Excellent job!
This app is like a good photo; its UI is sharp, attractive and well composed. Its subject is clear and informative. I even learned more about photography by using it.
I keep it handy I am working on my street photography and this app is a big help since I am trying different camera and lens combinations.
Does everything I need it to really well. It would be helpful to have an option to focus at infinity though. If it had, I'd have given 5 stars
Wow! Nice presentation Exactly what I wanted in such an app. No BS, just great info one needs. Time will tell and if it's still feels like this in a month I will give 5 stars.
