Been using K-9 Mail on my phones since my first Android. Brilliant email app, does everything I need flawlessly. Have to agree with all the other users complaining about the new icon though... it is truly truly awful (Sorry to the dev who designed it!). Any chance we can go back to the old, better-looking icon? Other than that, 5/5, would highly recommend (and often do).
It's a great very versatile app. The only thing I'm wondering about is it's energy consumption. It does wake the CPU quite little and also data usage is not that high compared to others. Yet it consumes quite some power. Any thoughts?
Whenever it matters this is one of the best. If you want total control of your accounts go with this one! It's not one of the prettiest, but it has the power to have you control everything when using IMAP, even if you have to use stink exchange for your work email.
Almost impossible to use this latest version 5.403 Very Laggy, takes long time to schroll down and open message. Problem exists even after I recreated the data. I have been using K9 for the past 4 years with multiple accounts on the same phone without this issue.
Would be a great app if it still worked. After many years with k9, I finally had to give up on it because of this common, and as yet unaddressed syncing issue. My livelihood revolves around being able to read emails as soon as possible. Blue mail isn't as easy to use for me, but hey, at least it lets me know when I get a new email.
So I am going to disagree with the majority regarding the icon. It's not great but it is better than the old one. I'm currently trying to set up an Exchange account for my work Office 365 mail. No success so far. Any tips?
How does this app work? I have tried everything including putting a lock on the phone screen, ( which i cannot get rid of). Now it needs something elese to download. But it should have been downloaded when the app was installed!! Either take off the phone lock or make it work! I need this email for my linux. It is in the app store, so why google isn't it working? If not i will uninstall and take that darn lock off my phone
Best e-mail app as it allows me to delete messages directly without putting them into the trash. I hate the new icon though, otherwise I would have given 5 stars, but it sticks so horribly out besides all other icons :)
K-9 mail still beats the pants off all the other mail clients for Android. As I use Thunderbird on my Linux notebook and Windows desktop, this is the closest thing to "Thunderbird on Android". My only issue is that it still doesn't support S/MIME. If you got that sorted, you'd be getting 5 stars.
After years of sticking with K-9 for the control it gives, I have moved on to a less bleak app. TypeApp has all the controls and more, in a modern interface.
I like the app but I don't seen to be able to change the browser it open email links with...maybe I've missed a default setting but I can't find one. Edit..I must have chosen always use...ok when changed default in settings. It will get headers of older emails but no content. So if not saved on phone and I want to view an email I need to use a different app or browser. Quite good on useage of data
Changing this review, as the old one was about the interface change that nearly made me quit using the app a few years ago. Since the last update, K-9 has been draining battery like crazy. I'm beginning to think it may have to do with the app getting stuck trying to refresh IMAP mail when there is a loss of network or network change, like changing from wireless to cellular data. It apparently just churns away. Side note: I can't stand the new icon. The older one was a bit odd and kitschy but it was comfortable and familiar. The battery issue would get any other app a 1 or 2 star rating, but since K-9 is the only app I still use, that I used on my first android, it gets a slight pass (along with hope that it will be fixed.)