This used to be a good app when first released years ago, however it does not work now. My go to ringtone maker recently stopped being updated and I was happy to find ring droid out again. But disappointed that it is not working and based on recent reviews it seems there is no support. Back to the hunt for a ringtone maker. 😞   Full Review
No ADS! Love this app. I have used it off and on over the last several years since Android first launched the G1. Easy to use. And I get to use my favorite heavy metal guitar solos ans breakdowns as my ringtone. I'll recommend to anyone   Full Review
A wonderful app to edit sound and music clips to a reasonable length. The app even lets you specifically put your new clip in the phones native "ringtone" or "notification tone" list.  Works flawlessly on my Galaxy S7 Edge! I've been using this app to make my own ringtones since my Galaxy s3.  Only draw back is that I haven't seen an update for this app in some years now, and do wonder if there's support for it anymore.   Full Review
I never comment on apps but this one deserves it. I've been trying to edit a song to make a ringtone for a few days now and every other useless app won't load the song properly, only the first 3 seconds which was useless. Read online this was a good app so decided to try and it worked first try! This is perfect thanks to whoever made this I love it!   Full Review
I was able to record a notification sound from an earlier phone, clip the actual sound I needed so it had no excess dead space before and after and save i as a "Notification" sound, rename it to "Bean" and was asked if I wanted it as default notification, which I did.  I wish it had a way to define where you want the files saved so that you can store them in folders in the SD card that don't take up precious memory from the internal phone, and then be able to find it again.  If that were the case I would give it a 5 stars, but because it stores it in a buried area in the Internal part of the phone, I can only give it 4 stars.  Would be nice if there were an option to share the saved sound via email, or bluetooth as well.   Full Review
After discovering that most ringtone apps are just excuses to show ads this was a breath of fresh air. Just download it and save yourself a ton of frustration   Full Review
I've used this app since I had my MyTouch back in high school. Best custom ringtone app. Sometimes gets tricky when you want to cut to exact seconds/parts of a song (chubby fingers), but overall excellent app!   Full Review
Love it. Just download a song and it goes right into it. Except my ringtone are cut waaay 2 short. They only play 4 a couple seconds and lots of times I won't hear my notifications.   Full Review
Works as advance. Does however save items in the wrong folder for KitKat notifications. I had to move the files. Also, for some reason, it strips spaces from the names you provide.   Full Review
I always download this app when I need to edit ringtones, because A) it has been around, almost unchanged, since the early days of Android and B) it does exactly what I need it to do, perfectly.   Full Review
Its the best reader actually i before i found this i hv downloaded many ringtone cutter bt i want to make ring of  the song let me love u nd rochsbye bt no other apps were able to read it bt this app is awesome it reads all the songs nd rintone too so that now i m able to make ringtone best app keep it up.....   Full Review
Love that i can make my own ring tones with it. But would love it if you could edit the volume up and down on it, and put two different saved audios together to make one. also a loop button would help for smaller sounds. then 5+***** best app. Out there still, by far...   Full Review
There are no settings at all.  It would be great if there was a setting to choose where to download saved ring tones, notifications, etc. (such as to the SD card).  Saving a ringtone as a notification and putting in the message tones list is seamless and super easy   Full Review
