I haved used this app for years on various tablets and versions of Android OS. It has always worked well for me. I can't see the clues in night mode because the red letters are too blurry for my old eyes. But I don't really need night mode. Still I would love it if there is an option to increase the font size of the clues. Oh, I don't know why I have never been able to get any puzzle from the Washington Post. The NYT, LAT, Newsday, and Universal puzzles keep me plenty busy. I shouldn't really play more (chuckle!).
I still have an issue that I can't download the NYT puzzle, I think because I login to the Times through my Google account, which gives me an error inside of the app. Using the user/pass directly, it seems to login, but a puzzle never downloads for me. Still like the app though. Update the above was user error. Now I know that the basic NYT digital subscription doesn't include the puzzle.
Really good crossword app. My only problem is the only weekly puzzle I get is the Wall Street Journal. I used to get the Washington Post Puzzler and the Chronicle of Higher Education but no more. Did something change?
Generally it's good. However I'd like there to be an option for entering a word as whole, before you 'enter' it officially. There are many times where I get dinged from having a perfect puzzle because I knew the correct answer, but typed a wrong letter. Usually this is because of the smaller keyboard; my finger hit the letter next to the one I intended to use. Of course, using this whole-word option would mean all boxes may be wrong if you're wrong, and that's fine. In addition, sometimes it enters a letter twice, like a keyboard glitch or something. This doesn't happen often, but enough that this reason also prohibits me from having a perfect puzzle. On a rare occasion the second unintended may be correct, but generally it isn't. Also, once a correct letter is entered, it'd be nice if it couldn't be erased or backspaced over for those times when I have no idea what the word is and have to 'brute force' letters to get the correct answer.
I love this app a lot. A variety of sources and difficulty levels. However, I miss the Chronicle of Higher Ed's Friday puzzles, they've disappeared since the new year. Also, bring back the LA Times Sunday Calendar crossword.
Cannot stand the sound ads at the end of a game. You can't play in quiet place like office or library. And, you can't stop it easily
This app had a brief slump during which issues were not being addressed, but it has picked up again. Every so often, a publisher changes its interface, causing a puzzle download to fail, but the app is usually updated within a week or two.
Once more, I'm having NYT login/download issues. No problem until yesterday. Suggestions?
I am getting fewer and fewer puzzles downloaded. Today I got two puzzles. I never get LAT Sunday anymore and what happened to the Chronicle of Higher Education? I never see it anymore. Where is Sunday Newsday? Answers??
Happy to see USA Today puzzle showed back up today. Any idea why it stopped on April 1?
I used to really enjoy this app, but I am only able to download one Sunday crossword anymore - LA Times. Not a bad one, but I miss having 2 or 3 to complete each week.
I loved it till recently. The app will no longer download USA Today puzzle. I don't know why.
