a great, super useful app, have been using it for years. does what it's supposed to do, and i appreciate its reliability. despite its age, have never thought about looking for another app to provide the same convenient gmail text backup and integration, hasn't been necessary. was a nice surprise to see there was a new update, but even without one i'd stick with and recommend sms backup+.
I have used this app for many years and it works really well. It conveniently backs up calls and SMS to a folder in your Gmail. I've done a restore in the past and that works well too. It recently stopped working for me after moving to a new phone. I fixed it by going to advanced settings/backup setting/contacts to backup - in going to a new phone, this had somehow been wiped so no value was selected. I selected a value and all is good again. Great app!
It would have 5 stars if it would just automatically back up like it did before the update. It's so frustrating because it doesn't do it like it used to. Other than that I love the app...wish the picture messages would go with the phone number like the MMS an sms messages instead of them all being from me but other than that LOVE it!
Transferred my old SMS and MMS from my old phone to my new one via my Google drive- picture attachments and all. The verizon app that was supposed to do this worked for my apps (including a few messenger apps) but it was way too finicky for my SMS and MMS messages. You do have to go into the backup and restore settings on this app to set what you want. It also takes several hours for 30,000+ messages.
Used for years. Auto backup hadn't worked for a while. Ok manually even after latest update. Manual backup of call log started to fail yesterday - might have been linked to changes around new gmail user interface. Failed with error that couldn't find Call log gmail folder. Changed to new Calllog folder name without space and manual backup worked fine and creating new folder. Auto backup seems ok as well.
Before the current update it used to save complete messages both mine and other persons on gmail. Now it only saves the other persons so you lose track of discussions. Not happy about this.
An update?! WTH? That's GREAT. Was getting concerned about the app's age. Update works fantastic! None of the old problems with auto update. AFAIK it is still the only app that will drop stuff right into native Gmail. Awesome for searching on history.
The app keeps giving an error and stops backing up messages. I'm not sure what the point of that is.
This app is good but auto backup option is not working in Xiomi phone.
Auto backup not working with the application, else application is good
I have been using this app for more than five years. When I change my phone I have to restore the whole lot of SMS stored for years in my Gmail. Rather it would be nice if I could restore only what I need. Say for a couple of months before. Thanks
Why does the app only back up msg to August 2017? My recent texts are not transferred
Excellent app for back up of sms, mms and calls in gmail as a separate folder, which I used for more than five years
