Latest update caused issues with Jetpack and multiple posts duplicated due to app errors. Uninstalled, this app needs less vanity updates and more rigorous testing.
Currently has poor performance (typing lags significantly behind your keypresses, and takes several seconds to show changes from predictive text) as soon as you try to edit a post of any reasonable length. Usable only for the most trivial of work on a blog - stick to the website for real work.
So easy to type a blog post from wherever you are!
Good web interface. But the Android adaptation in the app is very bad. It's a great deal of difficulty to format the post. The formatting done in the post edit page is NOT retained when the post is published. Enters and paragraph breaks are ignored and all the content is published as if in one line. Paragraph indent is not consistently implemented. Only way to write a proper post is to use the web interface. That too, we have to write the whole post in the interface. Copying and pasting will again have same formatting errors.
The app and the website don't work in sync with each other ! I've got posts deleted and modfied cause I saved a draft on the app, then finished the post on the website, and then re opened the app to find the blog rolled back to the draft. It is a huge pain to use the app this way. Would rather prefer a consistent website instead. Thanks, but no thanks !
The biggest issue I have with this app is that when I try to write a draft on my phone and then press the sync button, it automatically publishes it to my blog and send it out to my subscribers. To me, that is not what the word sync means. Rather, I would have interpreted that to mean syncing my draft updates to match the draft updates that I have saved on line. If I want to publish something, I want to hit a publish button that is very clear about uploading the final product to the site. I don't want to be taken by surprise when a substandard draft is on display for everyone to read.
Overall great experience having this mobile app to manage my content from anywhere. But Blbadly need a function to "SEARCH THE BLOG POSTS" Will re review the app to 5 star after this update. Keep it up the good work team;)
In As Much as i Loved the App for Updating My Blog, The Absence of Audio File Uploads Makes it Worth Nothing To Me. Kindly Work on it And it'll be 5star
What a joke. No WSIWYG editing and the preview is also not showing what the post will actually look like. This app is totally useless.
Can I earn from this site pls tell me
Can't login to my self hosted wordpress site