Works great except when trying to filter reviews. Need to fix the bugs. Would be nice to sort by price as well
Great app with anything you need. Sometimes with outrageous pricing but that is the suppliers fault. If for some reason you need some gum in the next day or two just press a couple of buttons and it’s shipped to your door with fancy tape and what not.
Please join Americans in stopping the propaganda lobby group known as the NRA
What happened with the last update? I can’t see pictures without it taking forever and I can’t share items via text. Please fix ASAP!!!!
Furious at the fact that I pay $100 a year for prime plus the price of every item I've purchases, yet I am no longer allowed to leave reviews for any product I buy. Because a,axon ASSUMES that I leave good reviews for free products. Maybe some people just leave good reviews because the product is good. There is no evidence to back up their claim whatsoever & I am extremely angry. So Amazon if you want a bad review so bad... Here ya go.
You can’t see photos attached to reviews on the iPad. If I really want to see them I have to get out my phone and look the product up again. I rely on review photos to give me a better idea of what the product will look like. The lack of this function has caused a lot of returned products.
I gave up using the app to make an order due to an inability to adjust the quantity. Part of the screen darkens, but nothing happens when I try to adjust it.
I can not see the photos of the reviews that people do in Amazon, I can see it from my phone, but not from my iPad, fix that please.
For the last few months I have noticed that I have random items in my cart that i have never even looked at. Now looking at my profile I have learned I am an avid reviewer. I do not review items. What is going on?
I use this app all the time. At one point, there was a way where you could swipe one way or another for similar items. It was really nice. Sometimes you'll put in a search and you'll find one or two things that are LIKE what you are looking for, but not quite and you don't know what to type in to find it. Bring it back, Amazon!
When I write a product review using the iOS app and then choose “add a photo” before submitting, it makes me start all over with my review.
New update- now I can’t see the top of the page. The search bar, cart, the < button etc. pls fix
It’s been a few weeks since the app has worked. I’m not sure what happened to it, I tried updating and each time it says Amazon has encountered a problem.
This latest update makes it so that when I am on a call, the top blue navigation bar is cut off horizontally down the middle. It’s not covered by the green bar showing the call but the white text like the go back arrow, Amazon, related action button, it’s just gone from the middle up and the functionality doesn’t alway work when tapped.  This is likely an iOS 11 issue, however. After the call ends, the issue continues and the only way to fix it is to restart the app. 
I hate when I am looking through the daily deals and I click on an item and when I go back to the list it takes me back to top of the list.  Now I have to make the decision to scroll ALL the way down to where I was or just close the app
The stupid wish list bar at the bottom of the screen is so annoying and, tbh, distracting. I can hide it, sure, but like a bad dream, it keeps coming back. @Amazon - cut it out!
The list that constantly showed up at the bottom of the screen is completely annoying. There is no way to make it permanently go away.
The top of the screen where the back button, search, shopping cart, notification and amazon logo is all cut off
Issue with trying to sort by Recent reviews vs Top reviews.  Tap the button to change to recent and screen goes grayed/highlighted but no option window comes up.
I find the app useful but also very obnoxious. Anytime I got to daily deals and scroll, the images go blank once your start scrolling. Also I don't like that I cannot manage my rentals on the app.
2/14 Update: Still can’t search by just Prime or just Prime Pantry options, you have to look through both even if you’re only interested in one of the options. I also take issue with the horrible search sorting – sorting by anything other than “Relevance” yields significantly fewer results, and sorting “Low to High” is inaccurate. However, the biggest problem for me right now are the shopping cart glitches – where are my saved items? I keep having to close out and re-start just to complete simple purchases. Amazon, stahhhhp!  Can't sort by Prime (it won't load any products even if the first item listed was Prime), items aren't loading on search, the whole thing is just super glitchy. Please fix it, Amazon! And fix the Kindle app too, while you're at it. 
Well, I love shopping at Amazon, but searching for products is a nightmare...  1. Price range not on the list, doesn’t appear until you select other filters and still (you allowed to select only couple options: above $50, above $200 and etc.) Where are fields to enter low and high ???  2. Sorting - absolute disaster (once you click sort by price or any, it removes 90% of results - Leaving you with crap which is not even relevant to the search.... 
I can’t filter by “discount” anymore.  This app is now useless to me since I always filtered by discount percentage
On my mobile phone it is going very slow and won't let me search what I want I can't even press the cart or anything else
The app is okay for shopping, but completely useless if you are trying to contact support. The chat interface is so broken that you cannot even select the text field to enter anything.
Why is this app for iPad different than the iPhone app?  The menu drop down is better in the iPhone app.  If you make the iPad app the same, it would be improved and I would bump up the rating.
Newest update makes the app crash every time I open it. What’s going on?
Can’t even run the app. It crashes!!!! Please fix!
Update is crashing on my iPhone X. Please fix.
Version 11.3.0 keeps crashing on my iPhoneX. It opens, goes to the homepage and immediately crashed before I can even click the search bar. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but it continues to happen. Please fix!
I always love using this app but today there has been this new annoying glitch. I open the app and then it immediately crashes. Tried reinstalling twice and resetting my phone. Nada. Until it gets fixed, 1 star.
Just updated my app and now it won’t let me on the app. Every time I open the app it just takes me back to my home screen.
I use this app all the time and absolutely love it! However after the update the app closes instantly
Tapping the chat line when your keyboard is missing does not consistently work since the chat line is near the very bottom of the screen
After the latest update the app doesn’t let me open my orders tab or filter search results by price range like it did before.  Please correct this. 
Basically they took everything that made the iPhone app great and left it out of the iPad version.  You can’t view your cart as more than a drop down menu, and you can’t see photos on reviews.  Not worth it.
Amazon app on iPhone X is extremely buggy. While scrolling through deals section pictures of listed items show briefly then disappear. Also when you click on an item in deals section and then go back, it takes you back to the top of the deals list. Super annoying! Please fix!!
For about a month now there are times that I can’t place an order.  The photo of the item is blank but the description is there so I touch to see the item and still no photo of it but the details and everything else is there.   So I touch to order it and nothing happens.  I restart my iPhone 6 and still same problem.   My bill this month was $40.   I usually spend $100- $200!  That’s because I can’t place an order.  Your loss.  Hope it can be fixed.
I use exclusively on iPad.  The toolbar is gone from the bottom of the page, which was so much easier than the drop down menu.  When linking from ATK to buy recommend products the page doesn’t let me save item to my list.  It just circles and circles.  Plus the page looks completely different and navigation is wonky.  If I go in directly from the app it looks just the way it used to.  I have no idea where this dash board is in the app despite following the instructions in the help section.  There is no way to save something to my dashboard.  All in all it’s a bust.
While I love using the wish list, it disappears off my screen all the time. Tiresome having having to long press any item to pull it up, it used to always show.
The new update is more time consuming.  Where is the “clear my search history” feature?  Don’t want to see other stuff I am no longer interested in on the home page.  Why remove the quick buttons across the bottom?  They were so easy for navigation.  The new colors are also a real turn off.  Please remove or make optional the “add to wish list pop-up.”  It is REALLY ANNOYING when it pops up because I held the item too long when scrolling.
If you select an item with various options (color, size, dimensions, whatever), the touchscreen scroll doesn’t work. It scrolls the window behind the size selector modal. Please fix! This is incredibly frustrating!!!
Top part of app overlaps with time on phone battery etc. makes it harder to tap on the back arrow and other things atop the app.
a) why can i only use this if i'm on wifi? b) the add to wish list option is text and not styled as button.  please fix these problems. 
Some odd reason won’t allow me to cancel an order the same day I purchased an item, can’t search items within the price range anymore. And also the product will display a price and then suddenly changes when you clock on the item to view it or when selecting other options from other sellers. Needs a lot of improvement for an app that’s been around for some time. Until my review stays at two stars, when changes are up to date- I’ll hopefully give a positive review.
The last changes in this app are making me so frustrated when trying to search for any item. Sometimes the filter button disappears and I’m not available to find what I’m looking for. Frustrated and disappointed 😠😒😒😒😩😩
Was great app, but it would not let you browse more than one page at a time; when looking at a certain sellers products.
The latest update is TERRIBLE. Lost the menu at the bottom which I used all the time and no way to add it back. App freezes constantly and have to close out and reopen. Who thought this was a good idea?
The latest update has made it so that I can’t select the pull down menu for size, color etc on some items! Some items are shown the way they used to be and I can access these pull down tabs. But.......some items are displayed in a different way and I cannot use the pull down tabs for size, color etc. Please fix this! I am unable to buy an item I want because of this problem!!!!!!
In the last update, I noticed it was completely different and come to see it was the iPhone version.  And it didn't work too well on the iPad - Drop downs no longer work at all, so you're stuck with whatever the initial choice is.  I fixed it by deleting the app and re-installing it.  And sure enough I got the iPad version of the app back.  Whew!  Close one. 
The reviews option tab (Top / most recent) does not work.  It’s not letting me change to most recent. And I already tried closing & reopening the app. Please fix.
Some products have a video and when the new update those videos no longer play on the iPad. I thought it was just me so I restarted my iPad. Today I was looked at a totally different product and the same thing happens; when I click the video the screen goes all white and it takes me back to the home page. It’s frustrating
I make a lot of purchases from Amazon... The latest update totally clutters the screen with distracting pictures of items they are trying to sell you.  Some of the shopping filters are missing.  It’s more like a high pressured shopping advertisement than a useful tool to make Amazon purchases!
I keep on trying to place an order but the screen just goes back to the cart page. Iphone x can't place an order
Every time I click on a video for a product, it takes me back to home page. Have to restart my search.
One of my biggest complaints with Amazon is the pop up ads in my browser telling me I can get “x” amount of reward dollars by answering these few questions! Then you have to end your search and start a new one only to have it happen again and again and again...! I deleted the app and refused to use Amazon altogether, but have decided to reload the app and see what happens. Amazon 2.0
Nothing will ever load within the app. I click my orders and it always fails. When I search within the app nothing never loads
The previous app version was clean and streamlined. The efficiency of it made shopping with the app easier without navigating to a drop-down menu. Please reconsider previous version.
Hard to navigate. No consistency on product page layouts. Inconsistent font sizes. No more easy access menus. Can’t find where to clear browsing history. Overall nothing more than anon stop ad pushing anything but what your trying to find!
What happened to the bottoms on the bottom?  It was so easy to check the status of orders - just press the “your orders” button on the lower right.  Now you need to go through the menu.
The new layout for the iPad is terrible. I stopped using the app on the iPhone because of the way it’s laid out now it looks like I’ll delete the iPad one as well. What happened to my viewing history? I rather have the buttons on the bottom than have to go through multiple menus. If I search my purchases if I want to do another search I have to completely close out the app, reopen it and try again. If I attempt to see top selling products from a seller it encounters an error and tells me to try again later. A whole area is dedicated to Amazon restaurants and you don’t even have one in my state. Pics and videos are no longer available in any review area. If you attempt to view a video from the manufacturer the app crashes. The blue bar at the top wastes a lot of space (probably could have but my viewing history option in the white space) is just annoying and is an abhorrent color. If you hit the wrong button you have no way of going back, you have to go through the entire process to get back to where you were (another reason for a viewing history button). The photos in the apps description are not accurate representations of this app. Roll it back and try again.
There is a keyboard bug on my iPhone X. When you contact to customer service via Chat online. The keyboard will only show up one time, if you minimize that, then you are not able to open the keyboard again. You need to close the whole app and restart it.
Why try to fix something that’s not broke? This new app is terrible. It’s much harder to navigate. With the previous one everything that you needed to navigate was at the bottom of the page. Now you have to tap here then tap there and tap tap tap! Come on Amazon. What kind of knot heads do you have working there? Do you even consider your customers or do you just want to have something for your techies to screw up....again.
‘Swipe Right’ [to go back to the previous page in the app] does not work after you drill down into ‘Description’ or ‘Features & details’ sections of a product page. It seems to correctly on from other pages.  Please fix this issue on these pages.  Also it would be great if you could swipe down on the enlarged product photos to return to the main product page; similar to how swiping down on a photo in the iOS Photos app allows you to return to the Album View. 
The old app had a menu at the bottom of page. The new one uses the three horizontal bars for the menu symbol which some casual users may not know.  The FLAW in the new app occurs when viewing watches.  If you click on the picture of the watch to see a rotating view of the watch that is what was seen with the old app.  When clicking on same with the new app it takes you back to the main menu and you have to start all over. 
1. Last update removed the browser history, along with the ability to remove items from the history.  Sometimes I look at an item, but do not want it, or associated items, from showing up on my home page.  Why do developers change things without actually thinking about what the customers might want?  2. Whoever thought up that pop up in the cart needs to be reminded that things like this pop up annoy customers.  I save items in my cart so I can either find them later, or wait for a price drop.  I don't want that pop up jumping in every few items as I scroll through my cart.  Don't care what others are buying, it's MY cart.  Let alone, actually seeing something in that pop up that you might be interested in, only to have it disappear so quickly that you can't click on the item.  AND, it shows items to the right, but it doesn't scroll sideways! 
Release 11.02.0 is the definition of insanity. They removed ALL of the menu buttons. The entire splash screen is tiny product photos with no descriptions or prices. You have to dig deep into a hidden menu to find your previous and open orders. The browsing history view is gone, replaced by a dedication option to buy a Prime membership which takes you to a useless page that says Prime memberships are “out of stock and they don’t know if they will ever be in stock again”. Huh?  What are they thinking?!?
Removed bottom bar, which was so convenient. Now you have to click on the left upper corner.  Now you cannot go to the full description of an ittem on the lightning deal categories. You have to place it on the cart and then go the to look at the details..... and I could go on.... etc. These latest upgrade really took away a lot of the great conveniences. I hope the developer listens to feedback. 
No price sort  Hard to hind things Expensive overpriced Small verity. 
The little red number on apps icon is not go away!!  There are no notifications or messages etc but the red number one won’t disappear!
I am a professional software developer and I just spent the last five minutes (literally) trying to find out how to log out of this app.  Still haven't found it - permanent log in?  What the heck amazon?
I surprised for this update for iPad it’s so bad I can’t see my results because the line of filters on the results I hope really fixed or back to old version
The bar along bottom is gone to click on my orders or deals, now have to click menu at side and click again. I removed Amazon app from iPhone because that annoys me, now thinking might not use it on iPad. Will diffidently slow my buying with the current look. The bottom place to click once and go was very helpful
The menu drop down that used to be on the top right near the shopping cart is no longer there.  With that it was so easy to see your orders, browsing history, etc.  why did you do away with it?  Bring it back.  Thank you
The keyboard refuses to work in the app. Wow. Do these apps get tested at all?
Freezes all the time when I try to hit back button. Opens when I try to use safari to search amazon. Really annoying.
Please do another update. This update does not enable lists on iPad app
Before this newest update the app was fine. Nothing was wrong. They updated it now and decided to inconvenience the entire user population by putting "swipe to go back" gesture as opening the drawer. Now there's no way to go back to where you previously were. This is stupid. Who ever's dumb idea that was needs to be fired.   You literally have to re-search the entire category again in order to get to the item selection screen. Once you tap on it, you can't go back because they replaced iOS 11's "swipe to go back" gesture with their own stupid "open drawer" command. So now you're eternally stuck looking at one item until you search again. Stupid. Uninstalling until they fix this!! 
Love the app. But the top menu bar freezes a lot. Can’t view my shopping cart, can’t search, can view my orders. They need to fix it.
Good easy to search and use. Needs improvement on stability.
What is the deal with the “saved for later” list? It shows 2 or 3 of each item and will not load all items. This should’ve been fixed in the previous updates. The list is unusable.
Is there an option for enabling the list tray?
The wish list tray things is very annoying. Please give us the option to disable it.
Why isn't there a way to have a search filter applied ALWAYS?
Overall good functionality but there are some things that could be improved: - Menu bar takes up a lot of valuable space having the search bar and other buttons on two levels - Item pages seems cluttered when scrolling through - Reviews are have a surprisingly low visibility from the Item page (small stars/link at the top, further reviews way down at the bottom) - List Tray never truly goes away 
When trying to sort the Top Reviews or Recent Reviews with the pull down menu. There is supposed to be a pop up however, it never pops up. The screen just grays, but no pop up. Touching again brightens the screen to normal but there is no pop up to change between Top Reviews to Recent Reviews.
The back button is in a terrible spot. Please fix.
Wanted to update my wish list and got the message that I needed to update my app. I’m running the newest app on my IPad.  Have never had a problem before. Wouldn’t let me update the amount of an item I had on a wish list. Fix this please.
Love this app. Would like to scan bar codes to find items to trade in, however in the “Search for items to trade-in” section, the bar code scanner doesn’t work. I can get the bar code scanner to work from the camera icon on the main screen, but am unable to determine from this screen whether the item is eligible for trade-in. Would use the trade-in account regularly if I could scan items!
The user interface for iPad is clunky and thoughtless with regard to where the search bar should be (centered, duh) and shares very little in common with the iPhone version of the app currently available. Please consolidate menu items in the left side of the screen in a menu similar to the iPhone app. Please incorporate gestures to open that menu (iPad is not just a poke and press device). Please use similar colors in the iPad app as the iPhone app. Update the logo colors in the heading. Properly space ui elements so they are easier to read. THEY SHOULD NOT BE SCRAMBLED TOGETHER IN THE CORNER. Change the mic logo to the Amazon Alexa button so people actually know what that does instead of thinking it’s dictation. Expand the top bar to reflect current iOS changes (think your own iPhone app, but bigger). Align add to cart buttons in the deals page. App needs an overhaul. Please fix the ui to reflect this fantastic service’s quality. Also perhaps consider removing the percentage or at least keep it consistent and editing the time to be the same to look more like a multi-billion dollar company’s app instead of worse than many indie developer apps. Status bar should be consistent.
Updated app 5 days ago and now cannot view lists. Might as well not have the app! App tells me to update to view lists - DUH!
Wishlist keeps crashing the app. When it doesn't crash it tells me I need to update the app to continue using my wish list even though the app is up-to-date. I love Amazon but this app is terrible.
Still no back button once you click Amazon at the top! The arrow disappears. You can’t go back to your previous page if you accidentally click Amazon. It will bring you to the homepage without any way to go back to previous page. BIG FLAW! Please fix this.
Ok. I really love shopping on amazon but one thing really irritates me. When your looking for something you can only go one way and if you lose the page your on you have to start over. Why don’t you have a right arrow ?  I’m using the app on my iPhone am I missing something.
When I use the app on my iPad and select my orders, it prompts me for the Touch ID and then I get an error saying, “sorry something went wrong. Please try again.”  And then the screen says “still loading”and it never comes up. This does not happen on iPhone app, just on iPad.  ☹️
Been using this app for a while now and I think it deserves a 5 star, but recently it’s been freezing on the opening frame and I have to close out of it.
And I am the type that likes my notifications but I have checked through everything and cannot find any reason why the badge icon is still on there and it is annoying me   Update finally got the badge icon to go away so now give it 5 stars 
If you have an item in your shopping cart and the price changes, the text does not wrap in the iPhone anymore. It used to. Now I have to scroll horizontally to read the whole message. It’s extremely annoying.
This app used to work so seamlessly. Now it is full of bugs on my iPhone 8 plus. For example, there is no longer any way to access the orders menu—I simply get an error message instead. Then, when I try to contact customer service from the drop-down menu, it is inaccessible...can’t seem to scroll down to select that or the settings page.   Do they test this app on plus devices? I’ve updated the app twice recently and it hasn’t fixed the problem (it has, in fact, gotten worse). Amazon is an awesome company, but they seriously need to find new people to maintain their iPhone app. 
You can’t change quantity of items there is no combo box for quantity oh have to delete item and re-add to cart be because there is no control of quantity box anymore
(1) For the first few minutes after installing the present app (for a second time!), I could press "Your Other Lists" and view my Shopping List. Then, it's stuck in Wish List.   (2) I often press the "Return". Nothing happens.   Never had these problems before the app was changed. 
UPDATE 1/15/17: Raised from 1 Star to 4 Stars. ONE DAY after I submitted my complaint to Amazon app feedback about the top navigation tools, they published an update. The app seems to work fine now. My spouse and I use the app DAILY so having all the tool working was a big deal for us.   ORIGINAL REVIEW: What happened?!  The newest version 11.01.0 has messed up the navigation icons at the top of the screen. When going to view Lists the text icon/link to view all your lists is now unresponsive. I found another, similar top of page link; although I can’t remember which one, that was.  Otherwise, the app works well for me. 
Love the app. Love the quick response from developers. I use this app multiple times a day
My wish list tray on the bottom of the screen is gone. why?
My app updated to the latest version which was supposed to fix the upper tool bar functionality. It didn’t; it’s just gotten worse. The app now crashes after the toolbar stops responding. I could not find an easy way to contact the developers to report this issue. I would have rather sent a message, not call or have to rate the app. I haven’t had trouble with the app before this issue.
When I search on my iPad, none of the reviews have pictures and it will scroll in a continuous loop  between the first page of reviews even if I click to see more. This does not happen when I look on my android app, so I usually end up searching there if I am looking for something that I want to see pictures of. That is a pain because it is smaller.  I actually do like the wish list but I find it difficult to switch between lists. 
UPDATE: fixed on 1/14.  OLD posted 1/13: Can’t type in the search bar, way to go Amazon! 
App is awesome again, thanks for fixing top navigation bar!
EDIT: increased to 2 Stars after the last update corrected the upper tool bar issue. The Refine Search issue hasn’t been resolved.   Last updated 1-13-18 on iPhone 7 IOS 11.2.2. “Back” arrow quit working & the refine filter that specifies Verified Purchases Only often doesn’t provide a check box. 
Good except when I try to scroll through my saved later it just shows me the first five items over and over. It loads like it will show the rest of the list but just shows me the same things. Sometimes it’ll show me three or four of the same thing in the list when there is only one of that item. It’s very inconvenient because I can’t find the things I’ve saved for later to buy them.
Every time I try to search for a product I can search only one time then the back and search buttons stop working and I have to close the app and start it again.
Latest app update will not let me go back from the description page. No matter what I click on, I can’t escape the product description. Also, the “Back” button appears to be broken now, so it doesn’t work when I click on it from pretty much any screen. I have to exit to home, close the app, and hen open it again.
Latest version disables the entire top bar on the iPhone 7 after switching in and out of the app. Must restart app to get it to work again. This is a significant bug that reflects very poorly on the app’s QA process.  Update: while this bug is fixed in the current release, no information is available regarding the status of the associated QA processes. 
This app was easy enough to use before the latest update but now the "see all lists" button doesn't work and I can't see all my wish lists. If you're at all like me you use your wish lists as a way to keep track of a lot of things. Not being able to view or manage wish lists is unacceptable.  EDIT- 01/14/18  It was fixed in an update. 
Newest update fixed the search issue. Thank you!
I LOVE Amazon!!! But my app keeps getting stuck the last few days!!! It is so frustrating!!!  Please fix it ASAP!!!
Can’t push the back button, search function, Amazon main page button or cart. Please fix!
I use this app almost every day and recently once I click on an item I can not click on the back arrow in the top left on my iPhone X to get back to the main list or even hit the search button.  The only solution is to close the app and start all over.  What happened, Amazon.????? 5 star without a doubt otherwise but there is no update to resolve this frustrating situation.
Very disappointed.   Since the last update the buttons don’t work /freeze up.  Cannot go back a page or cart when browsing .  Have to close app and reopen. This is on my iPhone 7. I do a lot of shopping on Amazon and this is so frustrating and wastes time.  Please fix ASAP
I was trying to report this issue on a support page, but didn’t find where to do it. I ended writing here.  Latest version 11.1.2 instead to fix a toolbar menu fix, introduced it. I have 11.2.2 on Iphone 7 plus. Is annoying not being able to return to previous page. 
Still having issues with the top navigation bar even after the update! Ugh!!!! So frustrating!
Even after the most recent update the tool bar doesn’t work. This is on a 5s and 6s iphone
This latest update ruined my app!   The back and cart buttons have become randomly unresponsive.  I’m having to click on one of my list items at the bottom of the screen and then click back in through the cart.  Please fix this.  It’s really annoying!  Update:  I only had to deal with this for one day as this morning’s update made the app great again!   Thanks!!! 
Lately the buttons at the top of the screen, ie., search and menu, have stopped being responsive.  This happens when I switch to the home screen or another app and then switch back to Amazon.  They start working again after force closing and reopening.  Not a screen issue.   Other than that, I really enjoy the function of the app. 
One version of the app was not responsive to my touches for certain tools. The update was fast to solve this problem. Good solid app. Thanks
Freezes when I try to search, and then I have to completely restart the app.  How annoying.
Constantly freezes after last update. Have to shut app down and reload to fix
Latest update is broken, nav bar becomes unresponsive quickly, I have to constantly force quit and restart the app to use it.
The app is completely useless if the top bar functions are not usable!  Love Amazon, but I hate their App.  When I click on the top bar there is no response.  I cannot even go back... stuck at the product or page!
Buttons on top of the screen,.. back, search, menu, etc. intermittently won’t work with new update on iPhone 8.
The last update that purportedly addressed an issue regarding unresponsive tool bar and navigation functions, but has instead disabled these things instead of fixed them.  When I surf around looking at product pages, I am unable to get the back arrow at the top of the pages to respond. This was not an issue prior to this update. Please fix ASAP. It makes navigating the app impossible. 
The app does not work.  Non responsive screen all most all the time useless since last update.
Didn’t fix it. Made it worse, in fact. The buttons up top can become pretty well unusable should you try to click on further details on an item.
The last update screwed something up. Half the time, the app works fine. The other half, I can't tap on anything in the upper 1/4 of the screen. This is where the search bar, back, cart, etc are located. That's kind of a big deal if I'm supposed to use this to look at or buy anything. I close the app and everything in the background and other apps work perfectly. It's definitely the Amazon app.
The last couple of days I’ve had this bug where sometimes from the search bar up I can’t click anything making it impossible to navigate. This seems like a very serious bug. Otherwise I love the app.
Amazon is always my go to but recently the icons on the top of the app don’t work on my phone the search my orders it once I open but once I press one the icons they all stop working
I regularly use the Amazon app as there are so many good features and I love the design. However, I’ve noticed both on my phone and my wife’s phone the top region of the app can become unresponsive. Repeatedly tapping doesn’t solve the issue. For instance, if I click on the query field to search for a product, it sometimes works, and sometimes doesn’t. The same rule applies for other buttons and fields in that upper region of the app layout. Closing and reopening the app temporarily solves the issue, but often only for a moment before it loses critical functionality again. I know Amazon only hires the best so I would love to see a fix.
Stop adding useless “features” that break functionality of the app. Do you test your app at all? Can’t even search for things cause you broke it. Serious amateur hour development.
Current version messes everything up, now I can’t click the back icon or any of the top buttons! If I click to view any item and I want to go back to keep looking for more I would’ve to clock the app and reopen it and do everything all over again! This is trash now!  Everything was perfect till the last update!
Recently updated and now I can’t use the search bar or camera search from the homepage. Also, pulled up the “more information” on an item and now the ‘back’ button doesn’t work. Useless.   Also, can you PLEASE get rid of that Wish List tray?!!! 
Top of the navigation bar doesn’t work now on 6S. Can’t select <-, home,  search...
I use this app often. Since the latest update, when I am looking at an item. If I touch the back arrow, nothing happens. Most times nothing in the top toolbar works. Sometimes I can get to my cart. But not BACK. Like back to my search or list from viewing an item.  I usually have to force close the app. Then start my search again. Please fix!!! 
Just installed the latest version of this app.  After a few mins of browsing items I try and hit the back button or any icon in the top menu bar and it does not respond.  I have to close down the app and then it works for a few mins and then does the same thing.  I cleared my cache via settings and reopened the app but the problem still persists.  This did not happen in previous version.  Amazon you need to fix this. Using a iPhone 7+  Updated to 5 stars.  11.01.2 is much better!  Thank you Amazon! 
So frustrating. The top 10% of the screen, which includes the back button and the search bar, and the main menu, doesn’t work on my iPhone X. If I force close the app and restart it, it works for maybe one or two clicks, and then it’s dead again. This is the only app I have issues with and it’s SO ANNOYING PLEASE FIX!!!!!
After the last update, I’m not able to click back or use the search - it’s like the top of my screen is disabled after I conduct one search.
Return screen freezes if you do more than one item at a time.
Hello. The app is great but with this version there is a bug where i cant go back or search after i select a product and be on the product details screen. Im running the latest iOS version on iPhoneX. Can provide more details if needed.
Once I select an item to look at the details and reviews the back button no longer works. I need to close the app and relaunch and search for the product all over again. This is a very disruptive bug. It is fairly new as I use the app very often and just began seeing the issue today. Using a iPhone 7 iOS 11.1.2.
I frequently find the search bar non-responsive to text entries as of a few days ago.  I have to restart the app every 2 minutes and it is infuriating.
New iPhone update won’t let me click anything on the top menu bar once I click on an item. I can’t go back, click menu, search or go to my cart.
Review not for company nor products as that can be done elsewhere - App alone.  Had issues today with certain functionalities not being compatible with recent iOS updates. Amazon chat function within app allowed me to report this issue. Update was available within hours to correct. That’s exactly how updates and bug fixes should be done.   A+ 
I’ve been having a problem ever since I updated where the search bar and the rest of the options on the top of the app do not respond to touch. This is making the app almost unusable. Please fix soon! I’m needing my Amazon fix.
Why can’t we organize product review categories by Recent/Top anymore?  The screen pauses after tapping Top Reviews and never allows us to select Recent Reviews. Lastly, the inability to completely remove the wishlist tray plastered on the bottom of the app is without a doubt ATROCIOUSLY AGGRAVATING!
Want to hit the back button? Go ahead, but nothing will happen. This version is crazy buggy. It hangs and freezes up.
I love amazon I shop there daily and an update has made the app unusable, the top row of items don’t respond to touch in the app, they work in every other app so it’s not my phone it’s an app error.
Since the last update I can’t use the go back arrow, search or check my lists... I can use the search if I close the app and reopen. This is ANNOYING
Imposible to navigate with latest version, would not go back, would not return to home page, etc. Total disaster. Never had problems with it, with this update the app is useless. 
The app has become almost impossible to use. Tapping on the search, list, Ect yields nothing. Have to close out of the app and re-enter several times. Has been like this for almost two weeks. FIX IT!
I’m not able to search the site at all with the latest update. This makes it really hard to shop what I’m looking for.
I don’t know what changed recently, but I can’t start a search anymore. The search bar doesn’t seem to allow me to select it or search it. I don’t know any other way to start to find anything on amazon.
I love amazon and I love the app, at least I did love their app. For the past few days however it has been very very slow. Now it never loads. When it does load it doesn’t display everything, half the pictures are missing. In the off chance everything displays as it should, the app freezes and you can’t go back or select anything. You have to close the app and then restart it, then you’re back to square one. I’m writing this review to make amazon aware, so they fix their app. Thank you!
The top bar with menu, arrow, search, cart... doesn’t work anymore! And please make the app stop vibrating when I add something to the cart!
iPhone 6 with iOS 11.2.1. When looking at an item, top ribbon isn’t functional. You can’t go back, chose the menu, search or go to cart. Bad bug that makes app worthless.
After update, current version is slow and freezes. Not responsive to touch until like the tenth time you try to select something.
This app has work fine for many years and now all of the sudden once you select an item to read and review the back button no longer works! Please fix this!
Top menu keeps freezing and have to close out the app to use again
This is an app I use almost daily, to check prices and/or purchase items. Been an app user since it came out. But recently, the app just becomes unusable at times.   Not sure if this is a bug on iOS 11, the iPhone X or just in recent app versions. I will search for an item, and then go to the details of the item. Everything works fine, and I can purchase the item or follow links to other suggested items. BUT, the top bar with the search and back buttons completely becomes disabled. So, I can’t go back to the list of items in my original search (or search again) without closing the app completely (swipe up, hold, swipe away) and re-launching it.  Such an annoying bug.... Makes searching for the right item time-consuming and frustrating - which leads to me not buying from Amazon. 
Back button and menu but keep stopping responding. Have to kill and restart app each time I look at a product
Since newest update, the search engine will stop working and menu navigation quits working. Constantly closing and reopening.
I like most things with this app however the newest update will not let me hit the back button to go back to my search results. Restarted the app and my phone multiple times and no luck. Also wish I could disable wish list on the bottom of the screen it takes up space and I don’t need to view it constantly.
Since this last update, the menu at top freezes. Need to close & reopen frequently. Please fix.
Have to close and reopen each time to make a feature work. Every time I do anything. Like search or use barcode scanner, filter results etc. fix Amazon. You are a multi billion dollar company and this is deplorable.
Can’t use the back button anymore! App keeps getting stuck (iPhone). Once it’s stuck, only shutting it down and restarting it lends to recovery. Until you try to use the back button again. Come on amazon, I’ve been a customer since you started but this has to be worst app update ever!!!
For some reason, once I view an item, I can’t use the top navigation at all. I click on each icon and nothing happens. Can’t even get back to my search list. Not sure if it’s an iPhone OS issue or an Amazon app issue. Worked before. :/
Back arrow doesnt work. I constantly have reopen app. 😣
Never had a problem but lately the app keep freezing and now it won’t let me use the search bar at all. Not a fan of the wish tray either it’s just in the way.
1/12 update: The search bar does not always work!  Screen is locking up as well 
App now freezes on iPhone. After looking at an item it completely freezes and have to shut app down and restart. It happens repeatedly since last iOS update. Please help!
Is it just me or when you do a search, get search results, tap into an interesting item, then click one of the photos, you can’t get back to your search?!!  The <- back arrow just doesn’t respond.  Very annoying.  2 stars  update 1/13/17: Wow that was fast.  Seems the issue was fixed with latest release!  5 stars! 
Does not work after the latest iOS update. Programmers need to update this ASAP.
I love Amazon but there is a glitch that won’t let me click certain options! I have to close the app and try again just so I can search for something, but it ends up doing the same thing again. It’s very aggravating.
Touch actions are off for different sections of the app. Won’t open menu, search windows, etc.
The latest update a few days ago broke the app. It is constantly freezing and requires a hard close of the app and then reopen to get it working again. Temporarily. Until it freezes again. Hope they issue a quick fix.  Edit: they just updated again. Will see what happens. Release notes didn’t change so I imagine it’s a bug fix. 
I love the app... usually. But I love amazon all day everyday.   HOWEVER. When the app got its new update, the back arrow button in the top left corner of my iPhone quit working. The amazon home button also does not work. I have to completely get out of the app and close it from my recent apps for it to work. Even then... it only works a few minutes.   It very ridiculous and needs to be fixed. 
Can no longer navigate ‘back’ a page on iPhone X, after the recent update (13-Jan-2018). Please fix asap.
My amazon app is glitching out! The top bar with the search button and the back button won’t work... Those are kind of essential parts of the app. I keep closing the app and reopening it hoping for better results, but it hasn’t helped yet.
The search bar hasn’t been working for me since this last update. Please fix.
Reported an issue with an update recently ok installed and a new version was available within 4 hours fixing the bug!
Love the app but I think the recent update broke the very top bar after moving in and out of a few items and shopping cart. I have to force close the app and then finish my shopping. Otherwise stellar app and compliments the amazon lifestyle well
The Only real complaint is why isn’t there a way sort the results by most reviewed
Top app buttons on iPhone X doesn’t work, can’t blackout can’t search, the app is useless.
I’ve had to force quit and restart countless times. Please fix!
The top part of the app doesn’t work, the search bar and the back button are not working
After a search,  buttons at top, back, menu etc become unusable.  Restart required
Can’t use the top toolbar to search, go back, or view my cart. Please fix
I usually don’t do reviews as often as I should but I figured this was an issue. Through the previous phones I’ve had (iPhone, it’s just a preference), do a lot of online shopping due to connivence. I have never had an issue with this app until I switched to iPhone X. I understand it’s a new device but here is some of the critism I have with the app on this new device.   1. The app does crash, which requires me to go back in and start over. 2. I notice that the very top tabs and icons in the app will not function, yet you can scroll down and up and even interact with the bottom tabs and functions.  3. Occasionally freezes.    Other than that, on my previous devices I have not had an issue like this before so this is fairly new and I believe because of the switch to the phone. This app would get my full rating with those fixes. 
On the mobile app, when I go to look at an item and I want to go back, the back button doesn’t do anything. I have to close out of the app and go back to what I was doing. Just started doing this today. I tried restarting my phone but that’s not the problem cuz it’s still doing it
Ever since the last update, the app keeps freezing. I can’t use the search or back buttons after a few minutes being on the app. Very Frustrating...I have to close the app and then go back in.
After yesterday’s update the app now doesn’t quite read when I tap anything on the top bar of the app ex. “See all Lists”, the back arrow, and the shopping cart.
Need to restart the App multiple times because the the buttons become non responsive. For example the camera button stops working over time
What was once a great app is now garbage! Got an iPhone X app doesn’t work anymore.Can’t search for items can do anything with the top of the app.
I love it but recently I haven’t been able to search anything in the search bar or click on much of anything. Please help. Thank you.
Nice going Amazon, after updating 2 days ago the back button no longer works...how frustrating. I purchase SO many things off Amazon and now this app is pretty useless because after I look at one item I have to force close the app to look at another item since the back button stopped working.   The app used to be great until the latest update but now it's nothing but a constant frustration. 
The navigation controls at the top of the app are dead in this version.  For instance, after I click to view a product, the back arrow at the top becomes dead so I would need to restart the app to navigate. (i have a 7plus). It’s not a hardware problem with my phone, since I am able to click at the top here to give this version of the app 1 star.  I’ll update my rating when you fix this, but the app is now unusable.
All the functions on the top row: back arrow, search, etc. will function once, then subsequently becomes non-functional.  Version: 11.01.0 running iOS 10.3.3.  Have to close app and restart.
This update/App is a mess. It doesn’t allow me to type in the search area, it doesn’t let me click on certain areas. When I click on reviews, the screen just goes dark grey. Just awful.
I can no longer click in the top search bar.
The app update caused the app to glitch. The search button and the top bar is stuck. It doesn’t work. Please fix.
None of the options are working I can’t search on here at all it’s impossible to get to certain screens because the app is not responding to where I push the screen.. I’ve reset the app and this has been a consistent problem the last 3 days. Only app on my phone doing this!
The back arrow doesn’t respond sometimes causing you to close the app. Very annoying!
It was working flawlessly but the recent update missed it up. I can no longer press to search i can only scroll down. Plz fix it
I can’t press back, search or the cart. The entire top of the app does not work now.
App simple stops working. Please fix the problem ASAP.
The hamburger menu, back arrow, etc. periodically don't work. Everything below and above them do. Then it'll spontaneously resolve. Help? Otherwise Amazon is the best
This just started today, once I’m looking at an item, the top bar stops responding. I can’t go back, view the menu or search..
Please update again, with this version the back arrow and search button stopped working.
Generally I love the app, but just wanted to point out that there’s some sort of glitch that disables the top buttons on the page (back, cart, etc.). It’s frustrating because if you go to read the extended item description, you can’t go back to the main page. You have to either close the app, or click something lower on the page (if possible - if you’re in the item description, closing the app is the only option). I’ve totally lost a few items I was interested in.   Generally the app is good, and I know the problem will be fixed soon. For now, though, it’s too annoying to shop. 
I love this app but the latest version the back button doesn’t respond most of the time. Really hope this is fixed soon as it makes it cumbersome to use.
I’m having an issue with the top of the app, menu etc... freezing on iPhone X
The current app freezes and won’t let you back space or tap the menu. It needs a patch fast!
I’ve been using Amazon app forever but ever since I updated the last update I can’t press anything on the app or back space or do any searching.  I have to force close it then go back in then keep force closing it every time! Please fix it
The top control features do not respond. The left error or back button does not respond on iPhone X after the latest update. Also the search field that brings up the keyboard does not always respond after the update. You have to close the app and restart to get it to work, then only works for a few clicks. Needs a bug fix ASAP for iPhone X
I constantly can not click on the top tool bar; this is extremely frustrating
App updated yesterday and now the menu/search back arrow etc. are unresponsive. They work only the first time the app is loaded then after that they do not respond to any touch input! I have to force shut down the app then reload it for it to work.... for one input command then unresponsive again. The rest of the app below the menu work just fine. Using iPhone X.
Top bar icons (in green where the amazon logo displays) stops responding to touch intermittently. For example, sometimes you can click the “back arrow” or magnify glass for the “search” feature at the top of the screen and the app does not respond to the touch. If you close the app and reopen it, it works at first and then will stop responding to touch again.
The app just updated yesterday and now the top navigation bar does not work. No search, no back button, no home... only option is to close out the app and relaunch it.
No idea what happened with the new update, but I can not use the top of the app
Can’t not use back arrow or search....not happy
I have never had a problem with this app until this last update. Now the top ribbon is chronically unresponsive. I can’t get the back arrow to work, access the menu or select my cart from the top. Please fix!
I LOVED the app...until the latest update. Now all it does is freeze and is virtually Un-usable. Thinking about deleting it unless it gets fixed.
Please fix the “back” button, which isn’t working correctly since the app’s last update.
None of the navigational tabs at the top of the app work. I can only move within the middle screen which means I cannot view my lists, search for items, move backwards or go to my cart. Why can I still not buy kindle books from the app?!
Seems to be a new issue when going into a product description, or a list, and wanting to use back button for last page, arrow is not responding. Reboot did not solve.  I can close app from background and go back in, but it only helps temporarily and I have to continue doing this in order to use the app. It’s making it borderline unusable.  Strange bug that has never been a problem.  Not the only use having this problem.  Looking forward to it being fixed. 
None of the top navigation buttons are working. I can’t search check my wish list or orders.  This problem just started happening.
Love Amazon but after my latest upgrade the app freezes!
This update is a nightmare!! Screen locks up, making it impossible to use!
All of a sudden after looking at items and descriptions it freezes and does not go back to previous page or cart or any icons that you press. Have to force close and reopen app
There’s an issue where I can’t press the buttons on the top banner after a while. They just don’t respond. Back button, cart, etc. very annoying. Have to restart the app. Clicking on something else appears to re-activate it too.
The other day the app automatically updated and now everything on the top bar is very buggy. The search bar in particular will not work at all - VERY inconvenient. Please fix!
After a few moments of use, the top portion of the screen where the “back arrow” and “shopping cart” are, become nonresponsive. I have to restart the app in order to get through purchases. This is a new problem is very annoying!!!
Love amazon but search function not working.. Can’t really use the app without it
the top bar with the back arrow and the hamburger menu doesn’t respond to touch! this is on multiple iphones. How the heck did amazon release this?
With this latest update, I can no longer type in the search bar. A shopping app is useless if I cannot search!
I’ll be browsing and the nav buttons will suddenly become unresponsive. So I can’t go back or open the hamburger menu or anything.   Only way to fix it is to force quit the app, which is extremely frustrating when you’re like pages deep in search results and have to lose your place in order to use the app. 
Since the last update tapping on the top portion where search, cart, etc frequently gets disabled and only solution is to either exit and reopen the app or force it to close and relaunch it. Makes searching such a pain and I’ve just quit using the app whenever I run into this problem.
The amazon app has always need good, but after the last OS update, and amazon app update, its quit responding to me. When I touch search or the drop down for my account or the back button in app to return to the previous page, it does nothing. This happens when I newly start the app and even restarting the app or phone doesn’t help. I tried to find a way to report this to amazon but there was nothing here or on their site or at the amazon help page. I hope this gets fixed soon!
Nothing in the top menu bar works and many functions like “See all lists” (wishlists) in the main screen also don’t work.
Normally the app works great, but I’m having trouble with the latest version.  After using the app for a while, it starts to develop “dead zones” in certain parts of the screen, particularly at the top bar.  I have to fully lose out of the app and restart it on my device to get it working again.
I’ve used this app for several years with no problems. This latest update is a problem. It won’t respond when I try to search for an item. It’s like it’s frozen. I have to close the app and then reopen for it to respond. Once I do that, it’ll work for one search item and then it’ll freeze again. Please fix!
App keeps on hanging if i go to cart every time i use this app. It has become practically impossible to use this on phone anymore! This is after the latest update.
Wish lists are un-clickable, so is the notification for items in the cart changing price. This is after the search field was just now restored to working after being disabled for about a day. These are basic functions.
Never had one bit of problem with this app and now the top menu freezes all the time!  Horrible update!
The last update was horrible. My app freezes as soon as I open a product and I can’t get out of it. Needs a fix and soon. I’ve never had a problem until now and it makes me want to scream in frustration!
I’ve been using this app for years with no issues. Yesterday’s update makes it so the back button and menu button are unresponsive. Have tested this on 3 different iPhones. It’s a shame because I use this app everyday
Are use Amazon regularly to shop. The new version has me constantly restarting. Every time I click on a product, I cannot return back because the top toolbar does not work. Please fix this.
Back button stopped working under iOs 11.2.2 Update needed...iPhone freezes in App requiring page removal or restart to use App 
This used to be one of the most reliable apps.  Now the developers are breaking basic functionality.  This new version will lockup the top navigation bar to the point that the app becomes useless.  Takes 3-4 restarts of the app just to buy a couple of things.
Once I do a product search, I have difficulty getting back to a search or main menu as the menus are unresponsive to touch.  On occasion they work perfectly fine.  Close and reopen the app in order to fix, but then I lose my results list.
Ever since this new update I have been having problems with the Amazon tool bar at the top. I can't search or got back. I have to close the app and open it back up. It will only work that one time you do something with it but after that you have to close it and do the same thing over again.
The last update on 1/11 has slowed everything to a halt.  The search field is super slow to respond and most of the time you can’t even use or select the search box.  I hope someone knows about this ...
After the latest update, the icons in the top bar randomly stop responding to touch. So I can't search, view the menu, view my cart, etc. The app has been rendered virtually useless.   Would also be great to have a feature where I can get a web link in the app to share with a friend. Now I find things in the app but have to use the web app if I want to share a link. 
Recently, every time I search for a product I can’t go back or search something new. I have to close the app in order to do a new search. I read online that there are other users experiencing the same problem. The app support option isn’t helpful in terms of submitting this report. Hope there’s a fix coming soon
The app will work fine at first but the then both icon bars and all buttons will lock up. For some odd reason you can still scroll but once it locks up, you are forced to close and restart the app. I’d wait until the next update before you download it or make any purchases.
I can no longer click on the search or the cart button in the top ribbon of the app since the latest iOS update.  Now it’s impossible to shop in my phone and I’m sure it’s happening to others and hurting your business. I have an iPhone SE.
Yesterday’s update broke the app. After looking at a products pictures the back arrow no longer works and you have to get out of the app and re-search to get back to the search list. Please fix!
I use this app almost daily or every other day. Today once I click on an item to view it, the back button no longer works. Neither does the menu or any of the other buttons across the top. I think whatever new version they did yesterday is what is screwing this up. Please fix. The only option I have is to close the app down and try to start over every time I want to view an item. I’m on an iPhone 7 Plus.
The search, cart, menu, and camera buttons all keep becoming unresponsive until I close and reopen app. Then become unresponsive again very quickly.
The new version of Amazon app is not working properly. When I click on the cart nothing happens. I have to close Amazon app and reopen it. It happens on other things you click as well as much as even the back button. I really like Amazon’s apps but this one needs a little tweaking.
I cannot access any of the buttons on the top of the app when I am viewing items and cannot back out of them.  Have to close the app to move forward with shopping
iPhone X cannot use back button, cannot type in search.  Useless until fixed !
It just updated. On my iPhone 7, the options on the top menu won't work. I tap the search or the back arrow, etc., and after the first time it won't work. I close it all the way down and I get one chance. Mistakes happen. Please fix it.
Since the last update, I cannot use the back button to go back to the list after viewing a product! I have to close the entire app, then go back into it, and start search again, scroll through list to find where I left off. EXTREMELY INFURIATING! PLEASE FIX ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not sure what happened!  This app was pretty much the only app that consistently worked without question.  Then the most recent update appears to have caused issues with the top row menu links (back, search, etc). They freeze and no longer respond. Very annoying!  Get on it Bezos!
When you search and click on an item within the search results, the back button from the product detail page doesn’t work half the time. You can still scroll and click on other links on the product detail page, it’s just the upper left corner of the screen that’s stopped working. Only way to get back to the search results is by swiping left to right. Please fix.
Never had any issues until this version. Now many times when I click to look at an item and then hit back arrow or home button there is no response. I must close the app and reload it. Happens often.
Since the latest update I can not click the search bar to search for items!! Please this as the app is useless if I can’t search for what I need. Thanks
Latest update has an issue with the “back” arrow.   Can’t go back.  Only way to exit is to close app and double tap home button to completely close out app.  Very frustrating.
App is super buggy now. Occasionally, the top menu just stops working (dead links). In shopping cart, you cannot change quantity of items. So far, that’s what I have discovered. Most likely, there are more issues I am currently unaware of. Please fix soon!
It’s constantly acting frozen.  I try closing it out, turning off and on my phone, still acts that way. Only having this issue since the latest iPhone update.  I can’t get it to search or go back... it just acts unresponsive to lots of my directions.
I don’t know what happened with this latest update, but the toolbar at the top often stops working on my 6s and I need to close and reopen the app to make it work again. App is basically useless when you can’t even get to your shopping cart to check out.
After going to the wish list, the top horizontal menu doesn’t work. Such as Back or Search feature. After phone reboot it works again.   After looking at item, cannot go back. But the app recovers if I reboot just the app. So I look at item then cannot go back. I reboot app and re-search.  Rather time consuming.   I consider this a catastrophic issue for such a large generally competent company like Amazon. 
New bug in latest version where the back and menu button DO NOT work. Please fix. Otherwise love the app.
After tapping on a product image, to enlarge it, the back button stops responding. You have to completely close out the app and restart, then re-do your search.   Very frustrating!  (iPhone 7+ with latest iOS update) 
The current version on iPhone 7 Plus has a problem where the top bar stops working (like the touch screen is dead there, but only after browsing a bit into the app).  Also, the filtering option glitches a lot, though not always, where it just makes the screen gray out in the background and sits there.  Never had an issue until recently and I’ve used it for years.  5-Stars until now.
When trying to click on the back arrow or on search nothing happens.
Fix the app. I use to use it everyday but ever since the "back button" stopped working I no longer bother with the app.   If I open an item to read reviews it won't allow me to go back to my search.  I have to close the app and reopen, which as you can imagine is time consuming.   I spend more time closing and opening the app than I do searching for what I need.
I keep having to force close the app in order to get it to be touch responsive. Please fix. iPhone 7 11.2.2
Just after upgrade to latest amazon app the top bar back arrow and search functions freeze up with no response. Not good as I do plenty of purchases from my iPhone. Amazon fix this issue!
Latest update appears to have broken basic navigation. Once I click to view an item, back button (and other buttons in menu bar) stops working on an iPhone X running 11.2.2. Makes app unusable. 
Latest update broke the navigation buttons on iPhone X. Have to quit and relaunch app frequently to make it responsive.
When viewing an item, no icons in the top blue area work on iPhone X. Please fix this. Thank you.
the “back” arrow doesn’t work. you have to close the app and reopen so it’s too annoying to use.
Needs a new update. Back arrow button and menu box not working.
The new update this week you can't tap and type in the search menu. Not just me, others in my house. Also they still a year later haven't fixed the glitch that doesn't allow you to make a second purchase within a reasonable amount of time... on the second purchase you click to move to the cart and then the sale... and then it glitches and takes you back to the first home screen.
The latest update did not help. I can no longer use the buttons for search, back, cart, etc. ALL the buttons in the top blue search bar do not work. Please please fix this! I use this app ALL THE TIME!!
I would give the app a 5 star rating if it weren’t for one incredibly annoying issue - the back arrow in the upper left corner only works about 10% of the time.  I’m forced to close out of the app, go back in and start all over and, usually, it still won’t work.
I have been using the Amazon app for years.  Worked well until after last update. Now it freezes up often.  I have to restart the app.  Scrolling still works.  Just cannot press on anything.
After clicking on a product from search results, the back arrow and hamburger menu are non-responsive. You have to force close the app, re-open, search again, select a product, repeat. It’s painful. Please fix!!!
When the app updated on 1/12/2018 the navigation bar on the top stops working after a while. I can’t go back, search, or open my shopping cart. I gave to close and reopen the app to get it to navigate. Then it stops after a few seconds. Also very hard to get support for the app. I wanted them to help resolve this issue before I posted a negative review.  FIX IT PLEASE! 
New version is not responding to touch screen on iPhoneX. Tapping search bar to type is not responding. Have to go online to order.
I downloaded an update this week and the app stops allowing me to use any of the fields or buttons on the top of the screen (back, search, menu, cart). I have to completely exit the app and go back in to get it working again, but it doesn’t last and I have to that over and over. Shopping is almost impossible!! FIX THIS PLEASE!!!!
If I’m searching for an item, and I click on one to get a better view, I can’t scroll back to the main list. I have to close the app, reopen it and type what I’m searching for to move on looking at different items.  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but that did not fix the problem. 
I’ve used the app for a while, but in the last few days the in app back arrow does not work. If you click on a product description and try to go back to your search the back button freezes. I then had to close the app and start my search all over. VERY FRUSTRATING!! Please Fix ASAP!!!
The top area of my app to arrow Back, search, and go to main page freezes or is non responsive after several moments. I have deleted appt and reset phone and this is still happening for about a week now.
Latest update has bugs, back page doesn't work
I used to love this app, but since the latest update, it freezes and I can’t use the back button or access any of the top level menu. Very frustrating! I deleted and reinstall app, that did nothing. Do better, Amazon!
In the latest version, the “back” button will randomly stop working. The only way to fix it is to completely shut off the app, not just background it. Also the “search function is now not working, and I can not find any way to report these bugs on Amazon’s site!
The top navigation doesn’t respond after this update!!!!!!!!👿👿👿👿Last update app has been slow  Please optimize the loading of items in cart and home screen page I like the app just needs improvements to have all website features/options  Buggy can’t click on my cart now 
Worked fine until latest update. Freezes at the top in the search bar and back button. Have to force quit the app to get it to work. Deleted the app and reinstalled, didn’t fix, rebooted phone, still didn’t fix
Just updated yesterday. Now I can’t use the back button or any other button at the top of the screen. It’s not my phone (iPhone X). Every other app works as it should.
I want to love this app. For 6-8 I stubbornly refused to download the app bc I didn’t want one more thing taking up space on my phone. I was just going to the website from Safari every time til I finally broke down and downloaded it. At first I loved the quick access bc I have come to rely on amazon and my prime account a lot (bc shopping for random items you need at various stores HOPING you find what you want is daunting with toddlers when you can find it on your phone and have it at your door in two days).  I started getting irritated with the wish lists. I really don’t like the bar at the bottom and I don’t see how to get rid of it. I also don’t like that it’s difficult to find all my lists since I have a few to keep up with Birthday gift ideas for different family members. And today has been my biggest annoyance. I just updated the app after having no problems and today I can barely use the app. I am trying to order 5 items and the app keeps locking up. I can only navigate about 3-4 pages before everything in the blue bar stops working. I can scroll on the page I am on but I have no way of leaving the page without fully closing the app and going back in.  Please please please fix this. Amazon and it’s app has made life easier for me, I want that back!!! 
This app seems to be getting worse and worse. I’m not sure if they are optimizing for iPhone X while I still have an iPhone 6s Plus but there have been several glitches. First is when I hit an “options” button such as sorting reviews, I cannot view or pick the sort by options because it is way off the screen that I cannot get to. So ok, whatever, I can deal with that I suppose. But now, when I click an item to view, all of the options at the top become disabled such as the back button, home button and options button so it basically renders it useless. I have to exit the app, search again but when I click on an item, they become disabled again. I found this rather annoying after about 10 minutes. Until there is a fix, I’ll probably shop elsewhere.
The newest update keeps locking up. If you click into a product to read about you can’t arrow back to your previous screen. The entire top bar locks up and does nothing. The app needs to be restarted. Not a pleasant experience having to close and reopen a bunch of times.
I love the amazon app, make almost all my orders directly from the app. Unfortunately after the latest update the app freezes all the time not allowing to tap on anything. I have to close and open it again and again but it continues to happen, really frustrating. Never happened prior to this last update. Please fix.
So after the latest update all seemed well. I got on like normal and searched up something I was thinking of buying. Clicked on an item to read about it and decided I wanted to read about another one before deciding. WRONG! I wasn’t able to use the top navigation bar. I tried clicking on the search bar, back arrow, cart, menu and the amazon button that takes you back to the main page. But it was as if I was clicking on nothing. I was still able to scroll up and down the page though.  Closed the app and tried again but this time I clicked on my cart first. Same thing happened and the top bar got disabled. 
Doesn’t work properly. App doesn’t allow you to make selections and gets stuck on one screen. Never had this issue on Samsung Galaxy Note.
Can’t click on the search bar.  Using iPhone X. Amazon please fix. Now I just use Amazon website instead of app.
After this last update the top bar no longer responds to touch. Makes shopping frustrating and inconvenient. Please fix.
The top bar of the app doesn’t work most of the time. I loved this app but it’s infuriating that I can’t hit the back button or or menu or search or cart.
App works fine. Fix your back button. It stops working after I click on an item. I shouldn't have to close the app and restart it to make a new search.
Please fix bugs. I enjoy Amazon app, but NOT happy about this last update. I can’t contact app support about it either because it reroutes me to app purchases. I’m having problems with search tools bar. I can’t click on search bar or back arrow after viewing a product. Unsure of what else could be wrong, since I can’t get past these malfunctions.
The back button, search bar or other top app screen buttons go completely unresponsive, tried on another device same thing...
Miss latest update screwed up the top menu bar them. It responds one time, but after that, no response, and I have to force quit the app for it to work again.
Seriously Amazon?  This is the worst update yet! Half of my functions don’t even work.  I can’t view any of wishlist other than my default wishlist, the back button doesn’t work, the search button doesn’t work half the time, and it freezes on pages to where you can scroll but have to shutdown the app to get off that page.
When shopping around and navigating through various products, the top menu bar (back arrow, menu, search bar, checkout, etc.) occasionally becomes unresponsive. I’ve found that the only way to fix this is to restart the app, which is really frustrating and causes me to lose where I was. This is extremely annoying when trying to cross-shop multiple products.
Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Downloaded the latest IOS update 1/11/18. Updated Amazon Mobile App 1/12/18. Can’t select the back arrow, search bar,  or shopping cart. Can only scroll up and down screen. This has been happening all day. I force quit the app several times and restarted my phone several times. No luck. Please please fix.
Not sure what’s going on but my Amazon app keeps freezing. Mainly in the menu bar and back button. I can scroll up and down, but everything else is frozen.
The search bar is all of a sudden unresponsive and I have to continuously close the app and reopen to perform searches...
I really like the app, however I do have three things that bug me. One, it’s gotten a glitch of some sort that it won’t respond when I hit the back button or open the Home, order, list, etc. bars. I am left with closing and reopening the app multiple times while I search. It is not my phone as I tried it with other apps and it responds good. Second, why is it so difficult to but ebooks? I have to go to safari to do so, can’t from the app. And third, why is the music unlimited so expensive for amazon prime users if I’m already paying for prime?
The navigation bar is unresponsive much of the time. Can’t tap on search or menu or back.
The search bar is unresponsive, I tried resetting the app and the result was the same. A update would be greatly appreciated considering the search bar is the most important part of the app.
Please fix app. Keep lockup when looking at products. It won’t back out. Have closed app Thank you 
What has happened to this app since the newest update? I’ll search for an item, click on it, then all of a sudden the back arrow or anything on the top bar doesn’t work! Sometimes on the home page I can’t search items because it doesn’t allow me to click in the search bar! It’s awful now! And it’s not my phone as my screen works in that area once out of this app.
Added terrible wish list tray that takes up space.  Sure, I have wish lists, but I don’t always need to see them.  Basic features like menu and search stopped working with latest update.  The top bar just doesn’t respond to touch, but only sometimes.  If I click on a different page, some buttons work, on another page, none of the buttons work, and yet on another, all of them work.  Very glitchy, untested beta released.  Get it together Amazon. 
After selecting an item to look at more closely the IPhone version will not let you back out to the searched items also cannot access the search window and other items along the top menu. Couldn’t find any other location to make a bug report except for this comment section.
Just notice today open amazon its not working ill force quit re open haha good day
Touch input is frequently not registering on my iPhone X when using the app. This app is the only one causing issues. I frequently have to force close the app and open it again for touch to work.
Noticed this in the last couple of days - top Nav bar stops responding to touch. Everything else still works but all of the sudden I’m unable to go from product view back to search results, tap on cart, etc. Not sure if it happens after few minutes or after looking at numerous search items but that’s when I notice it. At that point, I have to shut down the app and start over again 😔
Use the app a lot and like it very much but New update  not working to go back, go to cart, none of the options on the top row will work now. Also there is no easy way to send this information to someone to look into.
So glitchy lately.  I search, check an item out then I'm stuck.  Can't go back, can't click on my cart can't do anything.  Nothing is registering.  Have to close out the app completely and start all over again each time I want to look at something.
Love this app, but the nav bar at the top stopped working consistently. 5 stars once this is fixed.
I’ve used the app for years and never had an issue. The recent update makes the app freeze. I have not been able to search, add to cart, or look at my account.
The toolbar at the top stops working after I view a product, meaning I can’t use the back button or the menu button. If I want to look up another product, I have to force quit the app and start all over. Never had this issue before, and it’s terrible!
Ever since the update, the top bar where the back button and search button are becomes unresponsive once you click on a item to view. I have to close out the app then relaunch it just to continuing browsing
I have multiple lists for certain items, i.e. cleaning supplies, gift ideas for my family, tools and automotive, etc. Now when I open the menu and select view list, I see my primary list, but when I try to click view all list to see my lists and my friends saved list, nothing happens. Please fix!!!
Since the latest update I can’t use the back arrow to return to the product list after I click on an item to view the details about 80% of the time. This makes it really hard to shop and makes me reluctant to click on anything as I have to force close the app sometimes to return to the previous screens
The whole top half of app is unresponsive to touch. None of the buttons work. Can’t go home, to your cart, search, etc.
Wow, latest version has a lot of bugs with the tap recognition in the top banner / blue part of the app. I have to force quit and relaunch the app to get it to recognize taps...but after viewing one product page, the tap recognition stops working again. Can’t even make a purchase with the app.
On my last update notice that the search bar won’t open sometimes and the back button doesn’t work at times! Thanks
The latest update has rendered the search bar unusable. The entire app routinely freezes when I tap the search bar or simply won’t respond at all. Please fix this!!
The back arrow will not work now that I updated my app. I need to keep closing the app each time I want to continue my shopping. Please fix ASAP! Thanks! Otherwise, love this app.
When you click on an item in the $10 and under category, you’re stuck with it. You can’t go back to the list of items and you can’t go to the menu...or anywhere else. You have to close the app and start over again.  Good idea, but needs fixing. 
I tap the search field and nothing happens.  Tried restarting app and still doesn’t work.
The update that I just ran has disabled my search bar you can’t even click on it. Please fix!
Latest update stops working correctly after browsing items.  Primarily the top navigation buttons to go back to the previous screen or jump to the home page stops working. I have closed the app, removed from memory and launched again.  No change. App continuously fails in the same way. 
I can’t select the search area or the Alexa button without closing the entire app and reopening it
At various times the app locks the header and none of the command functions work, can’t backup, can’t access the menu etc. really weird since I had no problem using the old version on an iPhone 4s but on iOS 11 on a 6s bubkiss.
I’ve been using this app for years, the latest update has caused major problems.  I’m trying to shop and can no longer use the “back” arrow  or enter things in the search bar.  The entire row of controls at the top just completely stops responding requiring me to quit the app and then restart it.  Makes shopping next to impossible.
Just updated the app that’s always worked perfectly for years and now my search bar and back button don’t work! There’s no way to type in what you’re looking for! Help amazon!
App all of sudden is not allowing me to write in the search engines and not go backwards. Have never had issues before I’ve had to shut the app off and on to be able to navigate.
I’ve loved the amazon app and use it often, until the update I took yesterday. The toolbar (arrows and search mostly) keeps freezing/is not responsive, and you have to close and restart the app. Driving me nuts. Please fix it!
I don’t know what happened with this update but the search and back button on the top bar got buggy. Sometimes they work and sometimes not, multiple restarts of the app, and restarting of the phone, sometimes help. Some times not. So this was a crappy update if you ask me!
So the new update today makes it so I have to close and restart the app because it won’t navigate or type in any fields. Very frustrating.
Used to work fine but since update can’t click on cart or back arrow half the time. Wish I could get the original version back.
As soon as I updated it, the app kept freezing on me. I have an iPhone X and when I would click on an item it would freeze on that page. I can scroll up and down but that’s it. I can’t go back or click on the search button or even go to checkout. This is an inconvenience.
Top navigation bar becomes unresponsive. Have to constantly force quit app. Please fix
The menu bar (back button, search button, etc) are frozen in latest update of both the amazon app and iPhone iOS update. Please fix
Firstly. I have to force close the app on iPhone X in order for the search field to work. secondly. I keep accidentally making orders with the virtual dash buttons. This app was fine the way it was. Don’t fix something that ain’t broken.
The back arrow, menu, and search buttons no long work on the mobile app. Better go back to the drawing board!!
I can’t go back or search anything after i do the first time
Have to force quit out of the app to exit out of a product. Please fix.
The latest update is horrible! I can’t click on the search bar or shopping cart without issue.
Just updated today. Whenever I use the new section, $10 w/free shipping; that you talked about in this update I cannot use the back arrow (top of app upper left) after I choose to look at an item. In fact, I cannot use any of the icons in the upper area. I tested out the previous app version on a different iPhone & I can use all the icons on the top row. Tiny problem with the latest update?
The top blue bar has stopped working. You can’t look at your account or hit the back button. Please fix
After I look at something the whole top bar stops working can’t go back can’t search and go to cart for check out these bugs need fixed
After viewing an item I am unable to click the search button or my cart or anything. I have to close and reopen, then repeat, very frustrating. Please fix this since I use this app daily
Amazon —- please make sure this app works properly? Not thrilled since I constantly shop on Amazon app and for the first time in years this app is simply acting up. There’s a bug of some sort I think. My iPhone works perfectly with all my other apps - no problem with them at all. So, when I click My Orders with this app, I can view only one item and then all freezes up. I cannot go back or forward or do search or even try to contact Amazon. I have to literally shut down my iPhone and once it reboots, then I can go back to Amazon and again attempt to do more than one thing and hope I’ll be stuck again. I cannot search or check my orders after my first try and the same old thing happens repeatedly after I reboot my phone. Well, I decided to delete the app entirely, in the hopes that once I reinstall it it, it will work perfectly normal prior to the past 48 hours of pure constantly freezing madness! Not a happy prime member. Fix bugs ASAP. Apple said it’s Amazon. So there!
11.01.0 induces a bug where after viewing some items the buttons become unresponsive click search, home, list, and nothing happens. Have to close the app and start over. Please fix
When clicking on certain links in the app such as trying to change wish lists the app won’t even respond.
I have an iPhone and absolutely love the app, use it ALL THE TIME BUT....the last day or two I’ve had an issue. I can search but once I click on something I can’t got back. I hit the back arrow and it does nothing. I have to “kill” the app and go back into it. So annoying please fix!
This app used to work well. All of a sudden not working after the latest Apple update. Back arrow not working, menu button not working, cart not working. Basically everything at the top of the app screen doesn’t work anymore. 😡 Fix The app! Amazon you are losing my business every day, by having a non-working app.
Latest iOS upgrade to Amazon app comes with glitches.  I can only go forward; never back.  For example, if I look for balloons and want to go back to the list after viewing a specific item, I have to search all over again.  This is silly and needs to be corrected.  I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling.  No help.   Very frustrating.  Please fix. 
I have issues with the app not responding when I try to type in the search field or use the back button. I tap and tap, but nothing happens. I then have to close/restart the app to get it to work. I never had any of the issues in previous versions over the past few years.
Please disable wish list tray.
I can’t click anything on the top of the screen!! Back arrow, my notifications, search or my cart etc. I have to keep closing the app and opening it again, and starting over. This started happing after the most recent update today. Annoying.
This app has been great until the latest update. Now the menu bar is non-responsive leaving the app useless.
The newest update has frozen the back button when browsing. please fix this!!
I'm an avid Amazon shopper and use this app regularly. Unfortunately the newest update has rendered the app completely useless. Once you view an item and either delve into the description or the reviews, the menu bar completely stops working. That menu bar also includes the back button/arrow so you cannot get out of the screen you are in. You have to complete shut don the app, not just exit, to get the bar functionality back. Then it happens all over again when you view another item. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, and the problem persists. The app is now completely useless.
Unable to tap search or type in search. Sluggish performance overall. Unable to go back within results. Restarted app 3 times so far.
The new update is awful. The back button stops working and can’t get into the cart or use the search bar.
For some reason, after tapping to view a product, I can’t get the back arrow to work to go back to my search to view other products. It just gets stuck on that first viewed product.  (iPhone 6S Plus) 
Latest update will not allow to search in the search bar in iPhone X
My amazon app is not responding. I press the search icon and it won’t respond I press the back icon and it won’t respond. I can scroll up and down, but It won’t respond when I press on the icons.
I have never had a problem with this app. In fact, it was always great as far as I was concerned. Since the latest update today, however, it constantly freezes. You have to shut it down and reopen to get to another screen. Very annoying!
Every time I look at a product now I can’t go back to my search results or even prime home page. The app was fine the way it was guys, not sure what happened.
The new update is terrible! Freezes up and you have to get completely out of the app to unfreeze it. Please fix this as it is terribly inconvenient.
Since last update, when I'm in the shopping cart, if I tap on one of my items, the app takes me to the item page, but then the top menu bar gets disabled, I can't go back or go to the cart.
After updating now when I search I can’t use the back button or close out the search
Just updated the app this week and now I have problems with the top task bar responding when I tap to go back a page, search, or bring up the drop down menu. I have to constantly restart the app and reopen for it to work. It worked perfectly fine before the update.
I use this app daily and I have for several years. Mostly, I have had no issues. But, as of yesterday, January 11, 1018, several buttons are not working. Basically the top navigation bar just freezes up periodically and I have to restart the app. Buttons that freeze up and stop working are the back button, cart, drop down navigation menu, etc. It’s gotten so annoying now that I had to come and change my review. PLEASE FIX!
After looking at a page or two he app freezes and won’t navigate to any other page.  Won’t go back... won’t do anything.  I have to close the app and try all over again and same thing.  Please fix bug and I will switch back to five stars.
I can't seem to search for products nor can I get to my cart from tapping it in the top menu bar. Is this happening to anyone else?
The top bar, including search bar are sometimes unresponsive to touch since the new update.
I'm a heavy user of this app, bit this latest update has me running back to the web page. Freezes every time I open it.
With the latest Amazon IOS update for my 7+, came a huge bug I’ve never experienced in all the years of problem free Amazon app use. Now when I open any item to view it, clicking on the left arrow to back out, completely freezes up the app. It stays stuck on the item I was viewing. The only way I can fix this is to exit the app entirely, and then remove it from running in the background and then restarting it. If this bug isn’t fixed soon, I’ll assuming Amazon only wants me to look at items without buying them. Please fix for frustration free shopping?
After searching for an item the entire menu is inoperable, I can’t access my cart, or return to the start up page
Open app, browse to an item, read its reviews. After that functions in top menu bar stop working and you can’t go back or choose other options. Have to restart the app
Idk what they did but with this most recent update I can’t click on my lists, the search bar, the back button. Pretty much made the app useless for me now.
The back arrow (to search results), cart icon, and the list icon keep freezing! I have to close the app and reopen it constantly. Please fix!!!!!!
Many touch features do not work now, like the SEARCH bar! Fix it
Last update rendered the navigation bar and some other features completely useless. Running latest iOS on iPhone X. Anyone else having this issue?
Please fix this last update. I updated and now my search window or back buttons do not work!!!! I use Amazon a lot so this update stinks!!! Needs fixed.
Current version won’t allow me to click “View all lists” from my main wishlist, so I can’t look at my husband’s wishlist to get him something. It’s like there’s a dead spot on the screen where my finger won’t register. I was worried that it may be my phone (now old 5S), but other apps will register my touch in that same spot. I had no problems with functionality prior to this update.   *Update* The problem seems to be the wishlist tray at the bottom of the screen. As soon as I hide it, the entire screen works again. I added an item to my wishlist and the wishlist tray popped back up, then suddenly none of the top row buttons were working. Once I hid the tray again, everything returned to normal. 
Sometimes the search magnifying glass is not working, as well as the “back” arrow - this all happened since the last update.
Whatever the latest update did, it has made the app barely functional. You can shop for a little bit them all of a sudden the back arrow button stops working and you have to restart the app. Or you go to search and keyboard won’t pop up. What did you do amazon!!?! And why can’t I store shared wishlists and shopping lists anymore????
When I search for an item I am unable to use the arrow on the top left of the app to go back to where I was. I have to exit the app and restart constantly...please fix this!!
With the new update I’m unable to click on the arrow to go back or stacked lines, or click to see all wishlists. It seems stuck sometimes.
This version of the app broke the back button beyond one level - i.e.:  go to a product and hit the back button (works) go to a product and then click on the product’s picture (beyond one level back) and then hit the back button (broken) - it won’t respond, not even the menu button.  I have to kill the app and can reproduce the pattern (iOS/iPhone 7).  Please fix - ThX! 
The navigation bar at the top (search, cart, back) ceases to function after a couple of minutes of using the app. It appears that the latest update broke it.
Using Amazon app on iPhone after most recent update, the search field on the home page cannot be selected and no text can be typed into it.
After the new update I can't search can't scroll back lot of features don't work
Latest version 11.01.0 the buttons at the top become disabled when looking at a product. I have to close the app and then reopen each time.
Not working to full capacity. Product may scroll up and down but the upper strip(back arrow, menu, check out cart, etc) doesn’t work, have to refresh iPhone to get it working again.
Since the update it keeps locking up and I have to shut it down. Reopen and it works fora bit then freezes again.
With your last update the touch areas at the top of the app like search and menu are not working. You try to engage them in the app and they don’t open or work.
This app really needs an update again. Half the time it either crashes or it will just straight up freeze but only the search/go back button and cart. I have had to reset the app 4 times in the last 20 minutes. I used to love this app
I love amazon. I’m a prime user. But I just did the update and now the “back” button doesn’t work. I have to force out of the app then go back in and that’s seriously annoying and needs to be fixed
App back button doesn’t work, freezes need to close & reopen app, happend after latest update, also list  on bottom of app doesn’t work
If I add something to a wish list from an item search, and then try to return to that same search by using the back arrow, the app locks up entirely. The only way to do anything is to force close the app and then reinitiate the item search all over again. This is both tedious & inefficient for someone (for everyone, really) that does multiple product searches throughout the day. In the past, I have overlooked multiple small glitches; but this is makes the app rather useless in its current state. (Unless, of course, you only ever want to search for and save one item to a wish list.)
Now none of the touch options are working.  Search, back, menu,    None!!!
This latest update is buggy. Won’t allow me to go back to list of items. I have to close app and remove from history then re-open app to search another item. Quite annoying. I know first world problems but still annoying.
Ever since early December the app shuts  off then crashes on iOS and you can’t even access your wish list without it freezing up on you.  often times it doesn’t allow you to use the back button to go back to a page you looking at something is going on with this app.  not being fixed and good luck trying to find any customer service person or even a Technical . Support person to reported to ,the site keeps telling you go to the message boards , go to contact customer Service. Please fix this.
Just updated and now there is a band where the screen is not responsive in the app. On the home screen it is where the search box, camera, and Alexa logos are
Can’t tap search box in latest update
Search function is completely disabled and app freezes every single time it is opened now. Fix quickly please!! Need to place orders!
Since the last update I everything works except for the top bar of the app that includes the search function or the return to amazon home in the app. Hasn’t done before until he last update. iPhone X and it doesn’t do that with any other app.
It takes between 30-240 seconds for the bar across the top of the screen (back, menu, etc.) to stop working and effectively freeze you onto the screen you are viewing.
I’ve never been a fan of this wish list tab that pops up when you add an item. I know what I’ve added to my wish list, and taking up a solid amount of my screen to remind me does me no good. Stop trying to shove consumerism down my throat. I’ll buy it when I’m ready to, that’s why it’s not in my cart.   The reason it gets 1 star though is this feature now causes my amazon app to not be able to go back to what I was previously viewing. As in, when that pop up comes up, the arrow at the top left corner stops working until you force close the app or hide the pop up wish list. This is especially frustrating when it doesn’t load and is just a white box that you can’t hide.   PLEASE JUST REMOVE THIS BAD FEATURE. 
with the new update when you click on a item you can not back out from that page with the arrow button on the top left you keep tapping the back arrow and it dont work you have to close out the app and go back into the app and sometimes it works and other times you have to keep closing the app to make it work
Latest Ver has issues with top blue/green bar on iPhone 6. Tap in area but nothing happens. Please fix. 
There seems to be a whole section of the screen I can’t tap in this version of the app. Unfortunately, it means I can’t search or hit the back button, making the app useless. What the crap?
Does not let you filter search results by custom price range, and does not let you search in a particular category.
I was using app. An update happened and now the top of the screen won’t work. I can’t search or back button. I can just click on items on home page.
Used to work. Reinstalled 4 times, still has random bugs. A different thing each time. First the password bug. Then the scrolling. Now the back button, menu and search buttons just completely stopped working. I’m done with it. 
App force closes every other use. I cant click any buttons after I search. I have to close the app and reopen it. Please fix because I use this everyday and the last update made this unusable.
Just updated and it freezes after and go back to previous page or search bar!!! WTH Amazon it was working fine!!! This is by far my most used app and now it’s broke! Fix it ASAP!!!!
After updating anytime I go to a product I can’t go back to the previous page or even press the 3 lines next to the back button, only want I found to go back is tapping on pics of what I’m looking at then going back and it will then let me go back to the previous page of results please fix ASAP
This update is terrible. PLEASE BEWARE! Top bar always doesn’t work. Cannot return to last page. It cannot back to amazon homepage. I have to close this app and run again.
The most recent update broke the app. It freezes and crashes frequently. The screen becomes unresponsive when I attempt to click the search button and I can only close the app and open it again to get it to work again. App was working just fine before they released the update. Now it’s virtually unusable. Please fix. Also, why is there no easily accessible app developer contact info for this app so that people can report a problem?
I don’t know if it’s just my app, but nothing on the top bar is working at all. If I click the back arrow or the shopping cart or anything else up there it just won’t do ANYTHING and it’s extremely frustrating
Just updated.  Search field is inoperable.  No doubt they’ll fix that asap.
My app updated automatically but now I can’t use the search function, it’s completely unresponsive!
I LOVED this app until the latest update. I literally used this app several times a week and suddenly several hours after it updated, it started freezing constantly. I get on a page and then it freezes and won’t let me search, go back, go to my cart, or do anything! SOOO frustrating!! Why did they have to destroy a perfectly good thing?!?!
On random products the top menu bar stops functioning:  you can’t go back, search for a new product, or go to your cart.  The Amazon app just became useless...
App worked fine in till recently. After a while if I want to go back to where I was or  try searching it does not register my tapping. My other apps and phone work fine. I have to exit out of the app and reload it every time I want to search now :(.
Several features not working.  Search box won’t pull up keyboard.  App locks up at random times.
Look I’m not gonna lie this app gives me everything is need however with the last update the top part of my menu will not work after I exit out of my cart. Or if I’m trying to search and the app has been open for a small while It become unresponsive. I have to exit the app in order to regain functionality.
I wish developers would stop trying to fix what isn’t broken. Restarting my app for the 10th time in about 10 min. I was pretty deep into a search but I guess oh well........
This update breaks the navigation system. Can’t go back to where you were at previously. Only option is to close out the app and re-open it. Basically unusable in this current state.
After this last update on Jan 11, 2018 the search bar stop working
Just updated 01/11/18 and now the back button does not take me back to the search list.  If you read reviews on an item and then use the back arrow in the upper left hand corner you can get back to the item description or the “main item page where you can add to cart.”  If you want to go back to the search list, good luck, the arrow does nothing. You are now stuck on that item page.  Force closed the app and even restarted the iPhone to no avail you have to search again.  I know “stuff happens” but for a large company such as amazon this is not acceptable.  I’m sure they’ll roll out another update but in the meantime I’m buying elsewhere.   Amazon prime is slowly losing it’s luster as in most cases one day shipping is never an option unless you order at like 6 AM!  The free overnight shipping with orders over $35 is a joke at least for me.  I even called Amazon about this and they assured me there is not an issue.  It never works out for me to get free overnight shipping.  Add constant price fluctuations and Amazon isn’t all it’s cracked up to be for me. 
The Amazon Warehouse Deals used to show up without having to go in to each item, directly from the list that came up from a search. Where’d that go???
Just updated Amazon app on my iPhone and I cannot get into the search bar at all whether I tapped it or not 😡! However, the new Amazon app update on my iPad works whenever I access the search bar. Very weird 🤔. Please fix this bug ASAP.
iPhone X now can’t click on items and different things in the app. Non-responsive to even click the box to search.
Latest update - 11 January - app keep freezing.  Won’t allow you to use the back arrow to continue search or finish perusing a product.  Please fix.
I have used for a couple of years with no issues ~~ but this latest update (today) the “Back” arrow/Button won’t back out of a product screen to the search list anymore. Have to close app completely and restart.... works well when it works, but this needs addressing ASAP. iOS 11.2.2 iPhone 8+ 
After this update, the back button and search function does not work. Restarted phone, but still doesn’t work.  App is worthless now.
Love the app but it’s just not functional on my iPhone X. I can’t access anything on the top of the app so can’t go back, access the cart, etc....
Cannot select to search for any items
Put the dang logout button where it can be found easily. Almost every app has this problem.
After opening an item the back button and hole top section of the app are non responsive
Latest update today causing app to freeze in iOS11.
Please fix, the app is lagging and the top section of the app, menu, search it doesn’t work!!!!!
Like the new update with $10 and below deals, but when I access the menu to go back I can’t see the option and the interaction menu at the top does not work.
Shopping cart glitch won’t let me finalize cart. It just keeps going to the same page over and over. What the heck. Deleted and reinstalled. Still doesn’t work. iPhone 7
Recent update contains a bug that gets rid of instant pickup. Avoid the recent update.
For some reason when I exit out off the app the top bar where the search button stays like frozen and it won’t take off I tried turning off and on my phone and restarting but it won’t go away. Please fix this :(
I PREFER TO USE MY BRAIN AND NOT A.I.!!  PLEASE RESOLVE THE “WISH LIST ISSUE” I DON’T NEED IT TO FOLLOW ME OR REMAIN AVAILABLE EVEN AFTER I TRY TO DELETE IT. THANKS 
I created a return, and just prior to SUBMIT, I chose “add additional items to this return”. It provides a list of all purchases, but nothing happens when I select another item: no reason for return pops up. Eventually I  selected a few more items for return, but now I’m frozen in Return order land, and there is no way out besides closing out of the app. Which means I have to start over.
The new ship tracking interface is really dumb, bring back the old green bar.
It is not uncommon when navigating the app for it to be completely unresponsive. Usually it is the back button. Button visually shows that it is depressed but no change to the screen occurs and have to restart the app.
Ordering works just fine. Had an issue when chatting with customer service where I could not see what I was typing and was not able to paste any information because the keyboard would block the text input box.
I’m sure Amazon thinks they have the market cornered and that we “Need” them and that justifies them not needing to fix their app. That’s alright, I’m sure things will change when they realize their sales could/would be better if they just maintained it. Don’t you hate it when apps don’t work properly? I wonder if they do, too?
I’ve used your app since you ever had an app! Never ever had issues! Because of that I give 4 stars. It worked a couple weeks back but been having problems the last two weeks. I can search and look up items as normal but when I click on one of the thumb links to read details about a product or buy a product. It’s a blank white screen that dimly flashes. (White and grey)?? I restarted my phone and everything else I think to do on my part. Nothing works. I understand it may also be problems with current bugs on iOS 11? Either way. If this isn’t just me, I can see it seriously being a problem. Anyway, Thank you, and everyone have a Happy New Year!
It is working as expected, but you guys has to add new option to amazon. As I see many fake reviews or reviews not for the same item so you should add to report other selection menu so users cam report. We got lost with the reviews as we have to read all the reviews they be sure it is not fake or for other item. Solve this issue please
I cant view picture from review section
This app has tremendous potential and usually works great.  But sometimes, for no reason and without warning, you can’t type into their text boxes. It’s frustrating, and I find no particular pattern to when it works and when it doesn’t. I notice they do text boxes a little differently in this app and don’t use the standard interface code provided by the iPad’s operating system. So in this regard Amazon is being too clever by half. Sometimes exiting, clearing the app from memory, and restarting it fixes the problem. Sometimes not, and I have to go to the website.  It’s usually fine, but expect occasional frustration. 
Returns are broken, and have been for a while now. When you select a return and need to add more items to it, the list of items you can return pops up from the bottom. After selecting the other item to return, you cannot scroll the list back to the top to hide it and proceed, and there's no button at the bottom of the list allowing you to proceed. You are essentially stuck and have to force quit the app in order to do anything else…
Scrolling in cart with lots of items doesn’t work - it rubber bands me back to the top. CAN NEVER SEE ALL ITMES IN MY CART. Pls fix!!! Thanks!!!!
Good app. There is a problem in the Cart on the iPhone 8 Plus - when selecting the Qty, the menu shows up off-screen with only a little showing on the bottom left.
During return, there is an option now to select multiple items to return but I can't get back to the original screen after I click he other items. Must close app completely to get to it again. Then I have to select each one separately. I want to Return them in one box. Not separate.
The app works for most tasks on the new iPhone. But, when reading reviews within users pictures, the app malfunctions. It shows just the picture! I can’t see the review. It just has a black bar with no option to read the review that goes with the picture like I used to be able to do on my old phone! Very irritating...
No matter what I do I always have a notification showing on the app icon. Useful to search but the website is so much better. Please fix the annoying notification thats on the icon and you'd get a darn near perfect rating from me.
Good app just some bugs to fix.   One bug that is really annoying is the jumping bug. When I scroll through deals of the day my screen suddenly jumps down and I’d have to scroll up to see items that I missed. It happens every four or five rows I scroll through.   my stats iPhone 6 124gb iOS 11.2.1 
Can you please fix the shopping car in the iPhone app. When yo pull down to view your cart, the app jumps over items and you miss them.  I don’t need recommendations in my cart.  Thx 
I use the most recent reviews feature a LOT when purchasing and I am unable to do so using the amazon app. I have to exit it, go back to the product I was viewing and then I’ll be able to receive the option to sort by most recent. A lot of unnecessary work
App doesn’t scale properly on the iPhone X and it needs to be updated. Very surprised it hasn’t been patched by now.
I have few issues on the iPhone but the iPad app freezes and needs a big UI update. It’s quite ugly and uninviting. It doesn’t make me want to use the app which hurts Amazon in the end. Making the app better can only help their bottom line which makes me wonder why they don’t.
Amazon smile does not work thru the app
What happened to the shopping list? I used to be able to get into my shopping list on my iPhone and now I can’t? Why, whathappened?
After downloading this app to my phone I am happy with the app BUT how do I close/shut down app when I exit?  This is too much info open to whomever gets my phone.  Of course I password protect my phone, but I want this app to shut down when I close it.
Was attempting to scroll through a product page but the app misinterpreted it as me clicking the “Buy With 1-Click” button and suddenly I’ve ordered a $25 swiffer duster set that I didn’t really want... thanks Amazon. I never even enabled “Buy with 1-Click” for my phone anyway...
I have a lot if items in my cart. However, the app behaves well until a certain point (say 30-50 items). After that point, no matter how many times you scroll, it just keeps loading the last 5-6 items. What did the update fix?
Please update the app to be split screen function friendly.  Thank you!
Any buttons/UI elements on the bottom of the screen don’t respond to taps 9/10 times (see Customer Service chat option).  iPhone X, iOS 11.2, Amazon app 9.22.0 
Love this app I simply push an icon on my phone And voila it’s there 24/7 do them right they will return the favor! CB 
Received error cs11 when trying to view details of product in a previous order. There's a product I've previously ordered that I'd like to order again. When I try I get error cs11.   There's no way to report the problem and they don't read these reviews.   ---the problem below still exists--- When trying to select a product type, flavor, style, etc. the pop over that appears won't scroll; the page behind the pop over scrolls instead.   Amazon has no way to report problems with this app. Very annoying considering it's been broken in multiple ways over the past several months.   Amazon needs better customer support. 
Currently, if my friends look at my wish list through the app, they see that I do not have one, but my review alias (which they are not familiar with) DOES have one.   Similarly, I have one contact whose wish list now shows as “Amazon Customer.”  I pointed out to a relative that I could see her review alias when I looked at her wish list, and she panicked and deleted her wish list. (Oh great...)  Anyway, please fix this, guys! 
On iphone x when you try to contact support thru chat the bottom doesn't show up promptly the keyboard so you cant type in. Sometimes after you type and send your question the bar stays frozen when the representative responds to you so in order to reply back you have to exit chat and enter again. Please fix
The app is very easy to use..but some sellers are very unprofessional when is comes to your items and extremely fraudulent and amazon seems to back their sellers 100% when it comes down to leaving a negative review due to unacceptable circumstances from their sellers..BE VERY AWARE OF WHO YOU ORDER FROM, AMAZON CANT BE TRUSTED AT ALL...
Each version on different devices different format. Works fine on iPhone, half-assed on iPad. Keypad keys won’t react in search box more than once. Reset, quit, delete, reinstall-same. For such a necessary app, there should be NO bugs.
In the reviews you can’t see the pictures they attach. I look at the pictures to see the quality of the product. Please fix this.
App needs controls where you can return to previous pages without starting from the home page everytime
It’s super fun trying to click on recommendations when your saved list keeps refreshing.  And I gave up on “new and interesting finds” bc every time I see one I like, I click on it and the item I was interested in is nowhere to be found.  So basically clickbait. No thx. 
The last update introduced a bug that asks users to log in when they ARE ALREADY LOGGED IN. This happens most often when trying to look at my orders, and is SUPER ANNOYING. It is also super annoying that the default is to "show password".  Should be the opposite, for security reasons.  PLEASE FIX.  This app is essential for shoppers, so I am not sure why the back button disappeared several updates ago in orders and has been MIA ever since.  Now, when you go to page 2 or 3 (or 14!) you have to go all the way to bottom to select prev page, etc.  Ideally, page selection would be BOTH at top and bottom, but minimally there should be a back button at the top the way it used to be.  Very clunky to have to go to bottom every time. 
Can’t easily press back button in on the iPhone X. Very frustrating.
This is a recent issue, but for the last 3 weeks when I’m using the app, it keeps asking me to sign in. Most of the time it’s serval times in a row. I mean seconds from one another. Please fix this glitch.  Also, can you please integrate the AmazonSmile feature on the app? We didn’t realize thousands of dollars that we spent on the app did not go towards our organization of choice - Make A Wish. 
I try tapping the “create list” button and it does nothing
The app constantly doubles the items I have in my “saved for later” every time the app loads older items in said list.
I really don’t know why I have Amazon on my phone since this app Is bugging so much. I just switch from Android to iOS and this app works way better on android. Every time when I try to search or open the app it takes good amount of time to find desired item. I can not even see my past and current purchases either. Very frustrating ....So why bother to use it on iPhone when it doesn’t work.
You can only swap from left to right to go back on certain instances. It should be the default through the entire app and not that back arrow in the upper left side
I love my Amazon app but I cannot read reviews by choosing Most Recent. I can if I am online but NOT through the app. Please fix so I can change my review to 5 stars!
I can’t see the application on my home screen and I would love if you could fix this ‘glitch’ but besides that I love it. Oh and by the way it might be with my phone.
I am frustrated that there’s not a forward button that I can use if I happen to hit the back button on an accident. It causes me to have to start a search over completely. I’m on the verge of deleting the app all together. I hate it!
What is the point of this app if you cannot sign in to your account? Always getting error or “still loading”.. So utterly useless... 
I love the app, works great. The update for the iPhone X however has some design flaws. Most of the time it has to do with the Amazon logo and the menu icon overlapping with the phone time and signal Icons
I don’t know who’s genius idea it was to clutter up your saved items with other items to look at but this is beyond annoying when trying to scroll .Makes me want to delete the app!!!
Best app ever!!  I'm SO glad they made this app! Everyone is complaining About "glitches" but I have absolutely NONE. GREAT APP!! 
It is getting really annoying to see countless pop ups of today's deals! Also, I never get notifications of when my item(s) are shipped and/or delivered anymo