I'm disappointed that they don't let us see customer pictures. I'll stick with the website version.
I can’t search nor can I purchase items on the app now.! Please fix this problem. 😡
I should have been able to change my address by now. Get some better interfacing amazon!
The app has trouble doing so much stuff it’s just easier to go on desktop. Can’t even add a new address through this app
So I bought this 100$ gift card , can’t buy anything with it , so i contact their customer service to see want’ going on , and they said I HAD TO WAIT 2 DAYS AND HAD TO WASTE MY TIME TO FAX THE RECEIPT TO THEM JUST SO IS “SAFE” OH COME ON! NOW MY DEAL FOR MY ITEM IS GONE AND I WASTED 2 DAYS !!!
Yesterday I changed my password from my computer. Since then I have not been able to sign back in on the iPhone app. I signed out and tried multiple times to log in and couldn’t even get to a screen where I was asked to enter my username/password. I went as far as to delete and reinstall the app, but still no luck. Tested on multiple working WiFi networks and on cellular network, makes no difference. No other apps have issues, but every time I attempt to sign in, I’m greeted with a “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again” message. Stick to using the mobile version of the site or a full browser version.
Keep getting error message when I check on the order
I’m am iOS user and predominantly use my phone (iPhone 7s plus). The Amazon app used to work great and has since become glitchy in the past two months—gets “stuck” when placing an order and doesn’t allow one to toggle seamlessly between placing an order and continuing to shop for other items. I attempted to inform a customer service rep of this only to be told “maybe you should try accessing our full website via a PC”. Wrong. What’s the point of having a mobile app then, especially if it’s not being supported or if developers aren’t going to look at feedback.
Just upgraded and now I always get an error message when I try to add items to my cart. Come on amazon.
Never got my $5 gift card for downloading the app. It’s been 3 weeks. 😡
I use to love this app til my account got hacked and amazon did nothing about I asked them to delete my account and I make a new one and they didn’t do that. Every time I make a order something always goes wrong or they say they shipped my items and on the day it’s supposed to be here it’s never here and they said something went wrong with my order but yet charge me for it. So I’m done with amazon!
Since the latest update the app won't let you proceed to checkout!  How can we make a purchase if the app won't let us?  This is extremely frustrating because now I have to use a PC to purchase items and not my iPhone!
GET RID OF ALL ADD ON ITEMS, I can’t order anything at the time I want, if it is an add on item and I have to spend more money if I want that item. That’s is the worst design ever, if I want something I should be able to get it.
How the hell do I check out a Kindle version of a book?! the option to add to cart disappears!
It’s been a few weeks since the app has worked. I’m not sure what happened to it, I tried updating and each time it says Amazon has encountered a problem.
Finger print verification is always a problem. They send code to email but I always receive those codes after 2-3 hours later.
Everything I add something to cart, I get error message saying to try again later. This just started after the update today. I have rebooted app and phone, still same problem
Cannot add Shipping address
Am I the only one experiencing problems with the app? It’s not loading pictures or it’s always telling me their always telling me “Amazon encountered an error. Please try again shortly” and it crashes. Makes online shopping a hassle 🙄
There is an error when trying to view Orders. Please fix this bug!
After the update, it consistently says that something went wrong, and I can no longer purchase anything .
Will not accept any passwords or load any data. Always asks for a touchscreen fingerprint and never works. I know for a fact it does when I unlock my IPhone 6s with the same method moments before trying this worthless amazon app. No customer support, do not recommend at all! EBAY is the way to go!!
I used to love this app! I used it daily and it was wonderful for purchasing things on the go – I didn’t have to remember to buy things when I got home because I could simply purchase them via the app with one click while out and about.   In the last several months, however, I have had significant problems functionally using this app. I can still use this app to browse products, add things to my cart, check out reviews, etc. However, when I go to check out or look at my order history, the app gets stuck on the login process – after I put in my password, I get an error message: “sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.“  This is so odd because I can successfully add things to my cart - which must be linked to my account, because when I get home and check out on my computer, the items that I added via the app are there. I just can’t check out via the app and this has been going on for months. It is endlessly frustrating. I have all of the latest updates on my phone. My husband has the same problem and he has an older Version of iOS.  Amazon, please fix! 
Mine won’t even work with the latest update. Just keeps saying try again. I can log in fine on the same device, on safari. Please fix!!
Took me 45 minutes to order ONE ITEM. app was not responding. Had to keep writing in my info about 8 times. Almost gave up and went to a different website.
Try to open my orders and it pops up an error. Same with account info. Congrats developers you have made the biggest web presence in the world useless.
I thought I was gonna love it then my orders gone day revise payment method and they never like it happens to everyone scammers
Please update for iPhoneX - Face ID does not work and no longer allows the app to sync with your account.
Well the app hasn’t worked right on my iPhone 7plus in months. Always has an error, something went wrong or still loading. Great when it worked. Please fix!!
The Amazon app is not working for me since the last update. It times out or gives errors for almost every search I do. If I navigate from my browser, it will open a search result but then I can’t save it to a lost or buy it without getting an error. When I DO get search results, I can’t navigate to any of them without getting an error message. Uninstalled and reinstalled, no change.
Using the app to make purchases has always been very convenient and useful. Lately though? Not at all. I have to use the website on my desktop to actually place any orders because I can’t sign in. Touch ID doesn’t work, and when I type in the same password I use on the actual website it gives me the same message every time. “Something went wrong, try again later.” Every single time I try to buy anything or even just apply a gift card to my balance. Why do I even have the app still?
The registry process needs completely revamped. I cannot even select items on my registry to edit/replace. This is specific to the iPad however I also experience lots of issues on both my iPad and tablet. Please fix.
Trying to add new ship to address during checkout and the process starts over with the new address not saved.
I LOVE amazon and shop here all the time for what I need and even have there credit card, which I love. The only thing I don't on this app is there is no way to see my credit balance or a way to make a payment. I have to resort to getting out my laptop, logging in, and checking my balance and make a payment. I would love this app way more if I can check and pay my balance through the app. PLEASE make it happen
Every time I try log in, I get an error saying “Something went wrong.” I emailed Amazon support and never received a reply.
The new update wont let me to sign in. It became useless for shopping unless i sign in from the browser
If you have an iPhoneX, don’t get this: It launches and immediately displays a message “Please check your internet connection and try again” Amazing that one of the largest tech giants can’t make a functioning app with one of the most popular current phones 
Amazon, you rock. Amazon Prime rocks. It all rocks. Even the app. But ever since the update a few days ago I’ve been having issues. I can’t apply for the Amazon Visa card, I can’t see my order history, the update has made the app basically useless for me. And since I do most of my Amazon shopping via my phone, this is a big problem for me. Please fix this, Amazon!
Can no longer check order status or place an order in app. I have to login through an browser to do either of these things. I have tried on different devices with Touch ID and with Face ID neither works. This is a basic important function that needs to be corrected.
Until the most recent update I never had an issue on my iPad. I updated and now, even though I. Logged in, when I try to view my wishlist, it asks me to log in, with my fingerprint and 10 tries later I’m still getting the same error “something is wrong. Please try later”.  I can’t even type my password in
every time i try to order something from my amazon app, i hit the “proceed to checkout” button and it says “oops something went wrong, try again later”. well i haven’t been able to order anything on my amazon app now for awhile and i’m ready for y’all to fix the problem!!!!
Every time I try to order something, my order gets cancelled. I love amazon, but this is making me very mad.
This app used to work flawlessly. Recently, the app began saying “Something Went Wrong” every time it asks for a password, which is WHENEVER I want to buy something. I have to close out of the app and log in via browser and finish the purchase there. Why even have an app at that point?
They added Face ID and now I can't log into my account.
I’ve stopped using the app for purchases and only use it for exploring occasionally. An app needs to be able to access all features of a site if it wants to be successful.
11.3.0 crashes when opened. Remove & uninstall fails by crashing when try to log in. Unusable
Since the last update the app continually crashes just after opening. Can’t do anything with it. I deleted the app and downloaded again with no change.
Newest update makes the app crash every time I open it. What’s going on?
Downloaded the latest update.  When I open the app and try to get to lists (on iPhone), the app crashes.  Sometimes it just crashes after a few seconds of just being open.
Please fix. App crashes every time I open it.
Whenever I find a good deal and try to buy it the app always crashes
Can’t do anything the app is crashing in about 20 seconds every. Single. Time.
I lost my job because I was shopping on this app and when you add something to the cart, Amazon obnoxiously thinks it's okay to vibrate your phone and this feature cannot be turned off. Needless to say my boss didn't appreciate the vibration that came from my obsessive online shopping disorder and fired me... Thanks Amazon!
I ordered a book on Amazon it’s still coming in but I can’t order anything else. I will select a size on an item but it keeps saying select a size when I click add to cart. I do not know how to fix it.
I haven’t been able to login from the app for about 2 month every time I attempt to login I receive a message that says “sorry something went wrong, try again” with both username and password as well as Touch ID, I can’t make a purchase from the app anymore please address
I’ve been using the app for ages seamlessly. But now when I try to check on my orders it says “Oops. Something has gone wrong.” Every time. I came here to contact them and the button just ok me to information about the app on Amazon’s website. That’s not super helpful either.
New update won’t let me search, my “save for later” is gone, everything in the left-hand menus says “sorry, something went wrong. Please try again...”.
With the new app update I am unable to purchase through the app I have to log into a browser. It keeps telling me something unexpected happened. If I have to keep logging in through a browser there is no point in having the app.
Amazon is horrible to not let me and others cancel their orders before it even ship shame on you amazon shame on you!
For the past week I’ve been very frustrated with the app. Whenever I try to view my orders or make a purchase and I have to put my password in, a little box pops up that says it encountered a problem. I use amazon on my laptop and my desktop with no problems and I know I’m using the correct password. I want to be able to view my orders and make purchases on my phone because it’s the most convenient. Can you fix this please?? It’s SO annoying!!
It has been ages since the update that prevents you from actually ordering anything or checking on your orders. It just puts you in an endless loop of trying to sign in and being told something is wrong. And more bad news if you use Amazon to sign into your good reads account well that's broken too.
The app works fine. Not great. It’s still easier to go to the mobile site than trying to do anything with my account in the app. Entering my password never works the first time, and I usually have to refresh to get to my orders. It has some wrinkles that need to be smoothed, and until then, I’ll just go to the mobile site for anything account-sensitive.
Since the new update, I am asked to login anytime I want to do anything within my account other than browsing. Great. No problem. I’m glad my information is secure... but then I get a notice saying, “Sorry. Something went wrong. Try back later.” I can only purchase items from my desktop which makes having the app on my phone worthless.
Login causes some error and not able to make a purchase.
Searching and viewing products works great. When I try to checkout I receive an error message after putting in my password. I am unable to purchase any items from the app and am forced to resort to the website.
I want to continue searching as I’ve not found what I’m looking for and this amazon app just stops showing me items. Like here witch, these were good enough. If I have to open up a computer? I’ll order from Walmart
This app, while offering gorgeous design, cannot complete the singular purpose of Amazon: to purchase a product. I've never once been able to complete an order, always getting some error message and being forced to wait until I can get to a computer. I expect better; this is such a disappointment.
This app tells me “oops, something went wrong” anytime I try to do anything besides browse. Or it just keeps taking me back to my cart after I choose my delivery address. I end up having to use safari to order anything.
App is fine for browsing & adding things to your cart, but if I ever try to check out, I get asked to log in followed by an error message “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” I don’t think I’ve ever successfully checked out through the app.
This app used to be really good, but lately it is horrible. I can’t actually buy anything from the app. It just doesn’t respond when I click the order button. I have to use my desktop computer to complete.  And now, whenever I try to add something to the cart, I keep getting pop ups saying that something went wrong and it cannot complete the request. Also, sometimes it will not allow me to select other options for a particular product. I’ve tried uninstalling the app and reinstalling, but still have the same problems. You’d think as big as Amazon is, they’d have someone capable of developing a workable app.
Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again.
I continuously get “sorry, something went wrong”. Can’t order, have to use the mobile site. The app doesn’t load most of the time, and always asks for my password over and over. Frustrating, haven’t used it to order in quite some time. When I do the update and go into it, nothing has been fixed.
It has been a while that I couldn’t submit orders using app. It kept sending error message after I typed in login info. After put items in cart it looked ok until I clicked “submit order”. It came back to the same page without submitting the order. I sent feedback to amazon and was told they were aware of this issue, but it has been weeks and I still face this problem. I just deleted this app.
Ever since the previous 2 updates, when I try to log in, it’s says “oops something went wrong” and then is stuck on the “still loading....” page. I know I’m using the correct password cause I can login on the website. I can’t order or track an order from the app, I have to go to the website to do both. Very frustrating.
Let me start by saying I used to absolutely ADORE this app. However, in the last few updates everything has gone to hell in a hand basket. Adding items to the cart? Works just fine. Purchasing said items in cart? Nope. No can do. Every time I click on the place order button, it acts like it’s processing the order then just reverts back to my cart with the items still in it. The only way I can purchase anything is if I use the one click option. Also, the app will randomly ask me for my password when I have been logged in and using the app for some time and then tell me its wrong. Yet nothing changes except I have to force close the app and start all over because it\'s stuck in this stupid password glitch. Same thing happens whenever I try to look at anything with my account. It will ask for a password and tell me it’s wrong or that an error occurred and make me force close.
My parents and I each have separate amazon accounts and I frequently need to sign them in to theirs to help use gift cards or order household items. The process of signing in and out is a bit tedious. I don’t think the sign out button should be hidden under a second, separate settings menu. It should be the first option in the menu. It would also help me to avoid buying something with the wrong account.
Current app doesn’t support fingerprint access on iPhone 8plus. Every time I try to sign in or check out, and I’m prompted to submit my fingerprint, I receive and error code that something went wrong. I’ve uninstalled this app 3 times. It’s terrible. I fix needs to come soon. I’m an avid amazon shopper. The ease of this app is necessary.
Ever since your last update whenever I sign into your app on my phone I get a message that says something went wrong and to try again later. I am writing this here because I couldn’t find anyplace to submit feedback on it.
Works like the Amazon website except for problems with notifications.   I keep getting messages that my parcel will delivered after it was delivered.   In addition on both my iPhone and my iPad touch ID simply does not work therefore I can only add items to my shopping cart and then I have to log into my PC to actually complete the order. 
If you are traveling and your account is only with phone and you forgot your password you can’t use nothing and you cant notify any of your orders
Very difficult to follow what you have ordered in this latest version. I doubled ordered, because it wasn’t clear that the order had been placed. A orders pending on the app would be helpful.
The last update was a nightmare, can’t sign in. Always getting an error that reads something went wrong. Stop trying to fix what was never broken!
Everyone needs to see their order status in two places.....right?
After the latest update, I can no longer use the fingerprint reader to sign in.   Also ... when are you going to create an app for Amazon Smile. 
Can’t check on my order status. Whenever I click to go to my orders I get an unknown error.
I keep on trying to place an order but the screen just goes back to the cart page. Iphone x can't place an order
I adore amazon but this app is super buggy - it won’t let me log in or place any orders. If it worked properly it would be 5 stars.
I can no longer look at my previous orders! Everytime it asks for my password and says and error has occurred and won’t let me view anything!
My mobile app stopped working in December after I reached out to support I’ve been told that it’s a known issue and they are working on a problem. No update since then. The app crushes every time I’m prompted to enter my password.
New app closes or puts you in a loop for checking out. Stalls. Forces you to use the app even when trying to do anything on Amazons web page via web browser. Horrible build and major issues
Haven’t been able to order products inside this app this month. Not sure if they are gonna fix it or not. Called and complained already.
I can't sign in since the new update, had to use the web browser to complete my most recent transaction. Please fix soon!
They don’t let you post real ratings on their products and service... they use too but not anymore... their 5 and 4 star products ratings don’t mean anything
Keeps asking me to log in. States there’s an error when I hit “place my order”.  But I can change my credit card info and add to cart. I have to log in to web page to place order
I am a professional software developer and I just spent the last five minutes (literally) trying to find out how to log out of this app.  Still haven't found it - permanent log in?  What the heck amazon?
App is great except for I have to have WiFi for it to work. Just wish it would work off of my phone service.
It never lets me reset my password! Once I get the code section.
3 times of trying to add an address for a gift it closed out sent me back to shopping cart and eliminated all my gift card info and the new address.  The other 3 times if told me there were invalid characters in the phone number.  Area code, check.  Actual seven digit number, check.  No dashes or parentheses, still nope.  Any combination of dashes or dashes and parentheses, still no.  I guess Amazon doesn’t like numbers in a phone number...............
I use an Amazon Teen account, which can only be signed into through the app.  I purchased a digital copy of a game, except there’s no way to access the code for the game on the app; it can only be accessed on the computer. Either make the game library accessible on the app or make teen accounts able to be signed into on other devices. There isn’t even a good reason for teen accounts to only be able to sign in on the app. It just makes it more difficult for people to use their accounts
I don’t know what the problem is with your app, but I can’t order ANYTHING. How is there an error every time I try to place an order on your app, but I can go online and place the order no problem? Really makes me want to not renew my subscription with Amazon or Prime....
Every time I use the app to check my orders it tells me something went wrong and then says still loading. Please fix this.
Please fix this mess!!!!! Some new updates was done to iOS and it’s causing issues with the app, I can’t no longer look at old purchases nor buy anything from the app , I have to go to the website. Amazon please fix this! I buy from amazon VERY frequently and this is very inconvenient
I can’t sign in and I can’t view my orders. It just says something went wrong and to try again later. I’ve tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it doesn’t work
Won’t let me proceed to checkout
Please do another update. This update does not enable lists on iPad app
no touch id. won’t save password. forces you to constantly re-enter password. huge time waster.
The shopping cart has no feature to allow the user to continue with payment and shipping.
Every time I want to do anything it asks for my password, then it says “something went wrong” I’m sick of it. Having to go to a browser to place orders now because they doesn’t want to work. I haven’t been able to complete an order on this app for so many months I don’t remember. I’ll just order less or not at all.
I try to change my payment to not use my gift card balance and it just takes me back to the order page.  Also when I log in it always gives an error message although it seemed to work.  I expect more from Amazon. 
Why am I being asked to put in my card information for a free app to update?
Amason used to be great but now they are just money hungry. First off if you have a amazon gift card you can’t use it unless you have a credit card...change that because not everyone has a credit card. Secondly you can’t order an item under $25 anymore your entire order has to be $25 or order. Amazon needs to realize that people don’t have that much money. And I hate the ADD ON ITEMS you have to actually buy something else with it. Honestly amazon needs to think about this. Guess I have a gift card and can’t use it
This has been a garbage and completely useless app on iPhone for over 6 months. Impossibly to check out of cart, it just keeps kicking back to “proceed to checkout” after selecting where I want my items shipping. So inconvenient to have to open safari, log in to amazon again, then checkout, and then inevitably have to type some info in that should have been saved.
Was a great app. With prime I use my iPhone to order but since the updates keep getting order errors and it doesnt complete the checkout and end up loosing the lighting deal
iPhone app not working. After update the app will not successfully complete an order.
No Touch ID support? Ask to log in then says “something went wrong”. Complete trash. Can’t look at my orders. Can’t believe this is from amazon. Unbelievable
This app constantly makes me sign in. Then I'm in and then I start to scroll and I have to sign in again. I've rebooted and I've download a newer version and still the same. I constantly get a "something went wrong" error message.
I can’t use the app without getting that message. I can’t check my last orders or place new orders. You can buy Whole Foods but have a shaky app?!?
Every time I open the app it tells me my internet connection is poor. But people will open the app right next to me on their phones and it’s fine. WiFi, data, nothing works. I want to be able to use the app, but no update fixes it. Not sure what’s up but please fix it
I’m a big Amazon user, but the app is horrible. It never works for me. It ALWAYS says “check your internet connection and try again” and never lets me get beyond that. This has gone on for months and months since first downloading it — and i keep returning thinking it might have been updated or improved, but no.  I’ve restarted my phone a hundred times, x-ed our the app and re-downloaded it, and obviously checked my internet connection... never works.   And while there’s some record of others having this issue, there’s no solution I can find.   Oh well, lost business for Amazon. 
There are many issues with the app not loading correctly or buttons not responding to touch. Especially in the top area where the time is.   The most annoying issue is, if you make a purchase and then try to make another purchase minutes after, the app just will crash after you click on “checkout”.  You have to go to the website to actually go through checkout. 
Wanted to update my wish list and got the message that I needed to update my app. I’m running the newest app on my IPad.  Have never had a problem before. Wouldn’t let me update the amount of an item I had on a wish list. Fix this please.
This app worked fine until about a month ago. Now, when I go to check out, it keeps bumping back to my cart. I end up having to go to the regular website on my phone and complete check out there. So annoying.
It has been telling me for over a week now to check my internet connection and try again. I have checked and been on WiFi, everything on my phone works but this app. 😡
I don’t know what the deal is but any time I try and view my order history, account or even try and sign out I just get a pop up saying that sorry something has gone wrong please try again. Been doing this for at least a week now. Not sure if it’s related to Touch ID but every time I go to a screen that wants my fingerprint, after doing so I get the error.
App used to work great. But the last two updates broke it all over the place. Touch ID no longer works. Can’t change shipping options. Can’t even CHECK OUT!  I’m using the browser version. 
Update:  still broken. "Still loading" and "something went wrong", the two most common phrases you'll see when trying futilely to use this app.  I just make purchases elsewhere when using my iPad because amazon has the most resource intensive website that is almost unusable on mobile devices.  ------- The widget stopped working and the app freezes when you do things like try to check S&S or just browse. 
I constantly get a message that the app can’t connect to the internet and to try again later. I usually end up deleting the app and re-downloading it. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn’t. It’s annoying.
Wishlist keeps crashing the app. When it doesn't crash it tells me I need to update the app to continue using my wish list even though the app is up-to-date. I love Amazon but this app is terrible.
After the latest software update, the app no longer works properly. I can search for things but I can’t view orders, place orders or add things to my cart or wishlist. And today it won’t allow me to sign in. I keep getting a message that says “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”
Love the app. Buy all my textbooks from amazon. But the app keeps saying “something’s wrong” when I sign into my account through this app. It’s fine if I type it in using a browser though. Definetly needs fixed.
App works for browsing. Saving to lists. Adding to cart.  Will Not Work For Final Checkout.  Weird that Amazon would not like to complete purchase from app.   What’s up with fingerprint login??  Ever going to show up? 
When I use the app on my iPad and select my orders, it prompts me for the Touch ID and then I get an error saying, “sorry something went wrong. Please try again.”  And then the screen says “still loading”and it never comes up. This does not happen on iPhone app, just on iPad.  ☹️
Tried several times no response from app.  Tried several days later same thing happened.  Had to go to desktop to order
Why is the phone app so much better? I can’t see registries or add anything from this app. Please improve.
Amazon is my favorite place to shop. I often browse for deals and gift ideas when I have nothing better to do. However since this new update, it’s IMPOSSIBLE for me to check out. I get the error “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” Repeatedly. First it was just signing in. Which I already was because my wish list was loading and I was able to add something to my Kindle via Kindle Unlimited yesterday. After about 3 tries, I finally was able to log in. Thought it was a fluke. Then it took another 5 tried to verify shipping address because when I clicked to choose the address, it would crash the pop up and go back to my cart. When it came time to choose shipping method since my order qualifies for free shipping.... let’s just say I gave up after 5 tries.
Ever since I got my iPhone X ap stopped working. It scans my face then say something went wrong please try again later been doing that for the last 3 days straight
This last update killed my Amazon iPad app. It does not work now. I only get an error message. It works fine on my iPhone, but app no longer works on my iPad. Please fix ASAP!!  UPDATE: Two days after latest update and still can’t use my iPad app. FIX THIS...PATCH REQUIRED‼️ 
Some sort of glitch when I go to my shopping cart to purchase my items, it makes me long in again, then tells me there is a problem and to try again later 😡 so frustrating!
I get an error that says something went wrong. Please try again.
Always messing up now. Will delete and reinstall. Can’t chat with customer service it will freeze and it is always asking for password and then error will pop up.
I am not receiving shipping delivery alerts. The setting notification is turned on but no message is sent.  This requires to consistently looking up manually the order status from the App.  Please enable the notification.
I’ve been using this app for a long time now I cannot load the app to place an order and it asks for my password every two seconds and then says there’s way an error and when I use it I’ve been hacked I was not sure if it was my phone so I rebooted it call customer service they cannot figure it out after I rebooted my phone I had no problem and then the app started glitching and waiting my password over and over again and now I’m hacked again ugh very frustrating
I legit can not open my Amazon app. I have deleted it and re-downloaded it. I keep getting this “please check your internet connection and try again” (CS1) on the screen and no matter what I do I am unable to use on my phone. If there is anyone else going thru this what can I do to fix this issue.
I cant view my orders or buy anything without the app telling me something went wrong. So im not sure what this app is really for at this point.
Getting a CS1 “no internet”. Been getting it for 2 weeks. Have uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing works. Writing review on the same phone where it says I have no internet.
Every time I’m redirected to login to view my account it says “Sorry there has been an error”. Every time. Started before Christmas and had to do all online shopping at a desktop. App isn’t great
Suddenly this is terrible - error logging in. Buttons not working in app. Fix did not fix anything......
Keep getting an error every time I try to log in. Never had this before but a quick update or fix would be nice
I’ve tried to make purchases but keep getting the “something went wrong” error when I try to complete the transaction. If I try to make changes, like picking a different card, it sends me back to the shopping cart. I also have similar problems when checking out order history after I go through a login prompt.
Months after the iPhone X is released Amazon cannot get its act together to fix the Face ID problem their app has. Train wreck! Failure! Cannot view orders, place them, etc.
I used to have no problem with this app. Now, recently, I have tried to make several orders and when I press “place order” it brings me back to lproceed to checkout” very frustrating and renders the app completely useless. Please fix this issue.
Haven’t been able to complete a purchase in the app for weeks. Super buggy checkout funnel.
I love shopping on Amazon but two fixes are needed. They need to stop charging my credit card for prime when I don’t even sign up for prime and every time I try and look at an existing order, I enter my password, and it always says an error has occurred. Then I have to use the web version of amazon. Please fix this error message and allow us to use TouchID for our password.
This app was easy enough to use before the latest update but now the "see all lists" button doesn't work and I can't see all my wish lists. If you're at all like me you use your wish lists as a way to keep track of a lot of things. Not being able to view or manage wish lists is unacceptable.  EDIT- 01/14/18  It was fixed in an update. 
I’ve been using this app to purchase items from amazon for years with no problem.  But as of recently I can’t view orders, purchase orders as I get the “something went wrong” error.  Used to love this app as it worked flawlessly but it’s a shame it’s not working anymore.
One version of the app was not responsive to my touches for certain tools. The update was fast to solve this problem. Good solid app. Thanks
Unable to check the option to use points. Happened after the last update.
Can't cancel order through app. I have to log online through my computer to cancel an order. Please fix this. It's been three updates and this still hasn't been fixed.
Every time I open the app I see my profile pic, so I know I’m signed in. I go to ‘my orders’ and it has me sign in every time and every time it displays an error msg saying something went wrong...should I reinstall he app?
Amazon buttons are not working. I try to click on the top buttons, such as go back (arrow) and the three lines and to go to my registry and they aren’t working!! App needs and update or an update fix!!
After the latest update it’s not working correctly you can I go back it get stuck trying to order need fixing 👎🏿
Checking out and actually buying things is impossible in this version. It continuously asks for your password, and every time says that something went wrong.  Please fix.
I’m an amazon prime customer since the beginning. Up through 2016 or so I’ve never had a problem with the Amazon app.  In the same time, just to dig it in harder (because I’m angry this app’s failure just caused me to waste 50 minutes of my time sorting out their apps problems), Walmart’s app and shopping experience has gotten much better.  However, the past year (or maybe two), this app has become one of my most buggiest and frustrating apps I have.  I have it on all my iPhones and iPads and the problems are on all of them. Here are some of the issues off the top of my head: - problems remembering me. I have to log out and in frequently. - often logging out and in won’t fix issues, I’ll have to remove the app and reinstall it on all my devices to get it working again - won’t recognize Amazon gift cards consistently - when it does recognize Amazon gift cards, it often shows a zero balance on the gift card even though when I check the same gift card on my computer the full balance is shown. End effect: often cannot load gift cards via the iOS app - won’t show my past orders or order status (sometimes due to log in issues) - won’t let me purchase items - half of the time I install a new update from Amazon, the app no longer fully recognizes or authenticates me and I’ll need to uninstall and reinstall all over again  I suspect some of these issues are related to poor implementation of 2 factor authentication. However, other issues seem related simply to general poor code (such as the gift card showing incorrect balance).  Unless Amazon gets its act together with its app, I suspect that its app problems will only get worse with time as the app will get more complex and unwieldy over time.  This is what happens when a company becomes too powerful. Congress needs to break up Amazon. 
I have used the Amazon app for YEARS and have never had an issue. Now all of a sudden it freezes up EVERY TIME I use it. Please fix!  I don’t know that I can live with it!!
This app has too many glitches. Half the time I have to get on my laptop to order products. Every time I go to check out on the app something goes wrong. Either I get stuck in a weird loop of clicking the same buttons over and over or there is just an issue and it won’t allow me to proceed with my checkout. I pay for a prime membership too and I have yet to be able to use my benefits because it will never allow me to on my phone. Thinking about ending my relationship with Amazon all together. They really need to step up their game if they want to keep happy customers.
I love this app but since the last update I have trouble with the back button. It’s so frustrating.
When I go to wish lists, the “See all wishlists” button doesn’t work.  I can’t get to my other lists.  I’m on an iPhone 6s.  Please fix.
The app won’t let me update anything! After trying to checkout 50 times, when I finally get to the checkout I can’t update shipping, point preferences etc. When checking out it asks for my password then I receive a “something went wrong error” but if I keep trying it finally lets me checkout. Then in checkout it won’t let me change to free shipping or choose to use my points or not. It glitches and throws me back to my cart. Seriously the most frustrating app ever. I’d rather go to the store and buy what I need than have to mess with this dang app!
I keep having to force close the app in order to get it to be touch responsive. Please fix. iPhone 7 11.2.2
Buggy...non functioning 'back' and 'see all lists' features.  Uninstall reinstall seems to be working to resolve it. 
Every time I want to access orders it wants my Touch ID and when I put my fingerprint on it says that something went wrong...
The back arrow will not work now that I updated my app. I need to keep closing the app each time I want to continue my shopping. Please fix ASAP! Thanks! Otherwise, love this app.
The app won’t allow me to search after the last update.
Will update review once it's working again after another update  UPDATE 1/12: recent update still made this app unusable. Not you’re making my phone look like it has touch disease or something. Please fix ASAP 
What the hell is going on with your app today.  Keeps freezing.
I get error messages when logging into cart to submit purchase and while i’m attempting to review past orders. It also has been crashing when I change delivery address before purchase. I have to move to a web browser to finish purchases.
I get an error message stating, “Sorry something went wrong, Please try again.” as of lately everytime I attempt to checkout, update subscribe and save, review orders etc....  That seems to be the only thing the app can do. 
The app was working just fine until the last couple updates came along!! Now I can’t use the app to purchase anything. I can add to my cart but can’t check out. Fix please!
I love this app it is great for what it has been made for. But  I always get please check your network connection. I get that quite often. (CS1). Can you please get this problem fix. Or  tell me what causes this problem. I have full service on my cell phone when I am getting this problem.  Thanks.
Last update freezes the app within a couple seconds of use. Please fix!
It's been working well with no issues until lately.  Every time I go to purchase something, I get a something went wrong error.  Doesn't matter what I do.  I spent an hour trying to make it work to buy a little $10 present for my wife. Please fix it.  In the mean time I won't be buying anything from Amazon.  It's NOT worth the hassle. 
Ever since early December the app shuts  off then crashes on iOS and you can’t even access your wish list without it freezing up on you.  often times it doesn’t allow you to use the back button to go back to a page you looking at something is going on with this app.  not being fixed and good luck trying to find any customer service person or even a Technical . Support person to reported to ,the site keeps telling you go to the message boards , go to contact customer Service. Please fix this.
Many touch events are not working in the latest build released today. I wish there was a revert to previous version option.
I bought a golf cart off Amazon and now the app inundated me with “related” items to this purchase but all they show are more golf carts. If I just bought a golf cart from you, why would you push me to view more golf carts. Can’t disable this view either. So now I am stuck seeing golf carts when ever I go on the app.
App opens but won’t load anything - keeps giving me an error message. I’ve restarted my phone, deleted and re-downloaded the app... nothing works. Such a shame.
Every time I try to go to my orders I have to enter my password and I get the error “something went wrong try again” but it never works! Both on my iPhone and iPad.
Great app, but I get the something went wrong when trying to login message so I have to make purchases through a browser interface. Tried deleting and reinstalling but still didn’t fix the issue. Help!
Shopping cart glitch won’t let me finalize cart. It just keeps going to the same page over and over. What the heck. Deleted and reinstalled. Still doesn’t work. iPhone 7
I would like to make a recommendation to improve your app dealing with entering new card information. Could it please ask for billing address instead of defaulting it to the shipping address. Many of my orders are not to my home address which is my billing address
Every time I try to open the app to check my orders or look at my lists, it prompts me to login. When I put in the correct info it then says that a problem has occurred. It usually allows me to go on to the page I want anyway, but it continually asks me to sign in as I browse around. Yesterday I couldn’t complete my order online because it wouldn’t let me log in and I had to use a desktop to complete the order.
The touch login doesn’t work, rendering the app useless because it requires it instead of password login. My touch login works on other apps.
Can no longer view my orders without signing in several times and can’t place my order it force closes. Please fix! I love and need my Amz
The app stopped accepting my password. I keep getting some kind of error notice
Won’t let me see orders or anything on my account on my iPad. Just says “sorry something went wrong, try again” Nothing helpful at all. Fix please
I PREFER TO USE MY BRAIN AND NOT A.I.!!  PLEASE RESOLVE THE “WISH LIST ISSUE” I DON’T NEED IT TO FOLLOW ME OR REMAIN AVAILABLE EVEN AFTER I TRY TO DELETE IT. THANKS 
I’ve never had a problem with this app up until now. I’ve had to do my last three purchases via safari because it won’t let me go past the cart. When I add the items and try to edit my shipping information it keeps kicking me back out. I’ve tried updating the app and even deleting and re-downloading, very inconvenient.
Bought a Xbox and PlayStation gift card 30mins  ago and still didn’t get the code
Used to be great... couple weeks now I can shop, add to cart, etc. Now when i click check out it scans my face, acknowledges, then goes to a white screen and says error.  If i cancel and try again, it'll go, but then if i try to change shipping address, payment method, or anything else, same issue.   have resorted to the mobile web site. 
I have now reached the level of “I feel like smashing my phone” due to repeated (6 times) attempts to change my password because Azon  does not recognize the only password I’ve ever had. I have followed the reset steps each time only to be given the same response, my email or password is incorrect. Well, given that they send me a code to enter to my email, it must be my password is wrong, but wait, I just created a new one, how could it be wrong? Oh, if I want customer service guess what I have to enter? That’s right, my password! AARRRGGHHHHH 
I can almost never access My Orders or My Account from the app. It gives me an error message and says to try later. This also happens frequently when trying to purchase items. If I can buy items or see my orders from the app, there’s really no use in using it at all...
I have LOVED the Amazon app until recently. For about the past month, any time I try to log in, it wants my password. I put the password it and it flashes up a little box that says ‘sorry something went wrong. Try again.’ EVERY single time.  I have resorted to using my Safari browser to log into Amazon, but it’s kind of a pain when I have an app to do it. 
cant do anything with this update.  Its not loading. cant pull up my orders, pop up  says sorry something went wrong  try again later and it just keeps loading forever!!!!😠😖
Any time I try to sign in, it says “Sorry something went wrong. Try again later.” I just end up opening up chrome on my phone to buy stuff.
This used to be a great app and how I did 99% of my Amazon shopping. Now, I can’t even use it. Forces me to login every time, Then tells me something went wrong. If I can make it past that loop, I have to re-login multiple times. I can’t ever get to checkout, I get stuck in another loop to select shipping address then back to my cart. Serves no purpose to my anymore which is a bummer because it used to be very convenient and 5 start quality.
Login error, empty shopping carts and unsuccessfully kindle downloads. That’s I all been there for the past few years of Kindle iOS. What’s more surprising is that this is a continuing trend that things does not work... hope for better
The only way I can order anything through amazon is through the actual website. I’ve reset my password, I’ve tried signing out of the app, I’ve tried uninstalling and reinstalling and no matter what I always get a BS something went wrong error message. It is SO frustrating to be able to shop in the app and browse all I want while signed in, but then I go to check out and it makes me put in my password and I get an error message. I’ve contacted customer support and they can’t figure it out either.
Every time I try to place an order I get kicked back one step (review your order). Every time I try to view my past orders I get caught in a "enter your password" "sorry something went wrong loop". This has been going on for three or four MONTHS. To actually place an order I have to use a mobile browser. Amazon is a massive tech company. Get it together, Jeff Bezos! You're slippin'
We use a long password of well more than 20 characters. The App does not allow sign in with that. Instead it says: “Something went wrong. Please try again later”
The app doesn’t let me check out... takes me back to my shopping cart after I pick a shipping address. App is useless if I can’t buy my items unless I’m on a physical computer
This is a great app to shop and purchase Always feel secure in my payment There is no down side
Sometimes one LEGO set looks the same as another. And when I save it to a list I have to go through the list to see if it is one I already have on that list so it would be cool if you tried to save the same item you already saved a message or something will say you already saved it.
Keeps erroring out. I used to be able to put items in my cart then the next time on on my Mac I could process the order. Can't even do that now. 🙁
Mobile app on an iPhone 6s has become very buggy during the checkout process in the past few months of updates.   Right now I can’t even check out, no error messages. Just keeps going back to the cart after picking a shipping address. 
Always gives me an error when I sign in and now it won’t let me complete my order. Totally worthless! This has been a problem for months.
Love Amazon, but the app is the worst. Crashes constantly, makes me think Bree my password multiple times, and then always gives me the “something went wrong” screen. Always! Super buggy:
Amazon really needs to fix this issue now! I shouldn't have to double check every single order to make sure Amazon hasn't hasn't added extras of most of the products I am ordering!! It's a good way for Amazon to slip extra costs on the customers end though 😡
I love this app. I use it all the time. But the last couple of weeks I have had log in issues and trouble placing orders. I use an iPhone 7plus and have the same issues on my iPad. When it asks for my password I get a “sorry something went wrong” message and it won’t let me complete my order. The same thing happens when I check my past orders. I have to go to my computer to place an order.
I love amazon, and I’m a frequent buyer, but it’s so frustrating to me that when I want to look at the details of my order and I’m asked to put in my password, I get a message stating “something went wrong please try again” when I know I’ve entered it right. PLEASE FIX THIS!!!
Recently, I cannot checkout or see my previous orders using this app. When the app asks me to login and I do, there is an error message on the screen stating “sorry something went wrong”. When I get to the final step in the checkout process, it sends me back to my cart.
I have always used this app and never had issues. For a couple of weeks now, anytime I look at my cart, it says it’s empty and isn’t syncing to my account online. Also, if I go to my orders, it says “OOPS SOMETHING WENT WRONG” and won’t show me any info about them. I also am unable to make any purchases (via 1 click or otherwise).  Fix the app. Seriously. 
Just in time for  the holiday season, I have been unable to use the app to checkout for the past month or so. I can add items to my cart, but checkout no longer recognizes my Touch ID and won’t ask for my password, just shuts down. I then have to log in on the website and checkout from there. No update in sight!  Big inconvenience.
I can’t see my previous orders or check out and it’s infuriating. I’ve been battling to check out for 5 mins. I can’t even login on safari since it sends me straight to the app. I’m giving up and just deleting the app altogether.
I love the app. My only issue is that the past month or so I haven’t been able to look at my orders. It has me scan my fingerprint then says “something went wrong” I don’t know how to resolve this issue. Every time a new update comes out I hope it gets fixed but never does.
Easily one of the worst apps I have used, never works and just redirects to the web site, if you like opening apps that say error please try again, then this is the app for you
My default payment method is a credit card, but Amazon always defaults to my gift card balance. I used to be able to change my payment method back to a credit card. Since I changed my password I can't change payment methods. Makes the app unusable. I think amazon should be better than this.
Idk what happened but recently every time i click on anything, it’ll ask me to reenter my password and the after i do “something went wrong!” will pop up and i cant move forward, i have to go back to the menu options. And its gotten so annoying that i have to leave a poor review. I love amazon and buy from them all the time. But when I'm being asked a literal 6 times to sign in/enter my password to do ANYTHING in the app, it gets freaking annoying. Id rather use walmart’s app. At least it doesn't harass me. Please for the love of god, fix this bug.
When signing on (iPhone 6 and iPhone X) a message pops up the says “ Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” I’ve tried updating the Amazon app, iOS, uninstalling and reinstalling.
I have NEVER had this issue with my Amazon app and I am a heavy user of Prime. Use it to buy almost everything except groceries. And even then I use Prime Now pretty frequently.  -Won't let me choose shipping, keeps putting me back to checkout overview -Keeps logging me out -KEEPS ASKING TO RE-ENTER PW EVERY NEW PAGE 
For a couple of months now I have been unable to access my orders on the app. I click on “orders” and get a “sorry something went wrong” error. Now, as of today (at least I discovered it today), I cannot log in to place an order. I put items in my cart while I was on my computer, then later went to buy them on the app. When it checks my face id to log me in my face is recognized but I get the same error message.  I’m not sure if this is an iphone x specific issue but it’s pretty annoying. 
Usually I would rate this app a 4 or a 5. But for the past two weeks when I attempt to see my recent orders...a window pops up and states there is an error.  I’ll click “OK” and it still won’t load. Hoping this will be fixed soon.
Amazons app is useless and unusable. How can a tech giant like amazon publish such a poor excuse for software? Do they not use it themselves? Like others I can’t sign in, can’t change payment method, can’t check out. I thought it must be just me but I see now it’s not. This app runs me around in circles. Worse than useless.
This app is basically useless. It won't let me add stuff to the cart half the time, and when it does it is never able to complete a purchase. It prompts you to pick an address and a payment and then back to the address and then payment...over and over again. The software is trash and needs to be debugged.
I have uninstalled and installed the app and the same issue pops up despite updated app. I can’t successfully order anything. It asks me to enter my password and then says there was an error in retrieving the app. It doesn’t merit one star   Hoping this bug gets fixed. It’s been like this for at 6 months.
I love the amazon app, the experience is normally so easy and very user friendly BUT ever since the beginning of December it has been glitching way too often! It asks for my password every 5 seconds and doesn’t allow me to use touch-id instead. Every time I want to view my orders or my cart, it says there was an error and eventually after fighting with the app it allows you to view these things. But the whole app as a whole recently has just been BAD! Amazon needs to address these bugs and do a little update on this app. Once it is glitch free, I can give the app 5 stars but for now I can only give it 1 since there’s no option for 0.
The current version has several annoying bugs but the deal-breaker is that I can’t place an order!! (1) Touch ID does not work at all. Even after I enter the password manually, I’m prompted to re-enter it every time I select a different menu option, change lists, access the cart, etc. (2) after logging in manually, I receive an error “Oops, something went wrong.” I have no idea what that would be, because the app still lets me continue doing whatever I was doing. (3) this is the important one - PAY ATTENTION AMAZON - I can’t please an order through the app. When in the Shopping Cart, I click proceed to checkout and I’m prompted to select the Delivery address. Not a big deal except the app previously showed the default address, which could be changed if needed. Now I have an extra, unnecessary step.  Then I click Deliver to this Address, the app returns me to the Shopping Cart. Really?   I’ve uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but no improvement. 
I can’t log into my account. I’ve called customer support several times and all they do is reset my password when I tell them that it’s been done before and I don’t want it. Please fix this issue. Not sure if it’s an app issue or website.
Sometime in the last few updates, my Amazon app no longer allows me to make a purchase or to search my orders. After inputting my password, I get "Oops! Something went wrong!" Every. Time. Don't bother downloading this POS app because when you choose "app support" in the store, it sends you to a pointless faq page that doesn't actually allow you to send in feedback. Save yourself the headache and just order from a web site. Also, I hate that I can't turn off notifications that I never asked for, don't want and don't need.
Please fix this annoying bug. I can't order anything or check out certain account details without it asking for my password, then a pop up window saying something's wrong try again, then going back to square one! I haven't ordered stuff I need in months and forgot about a Christmas present I wanted to buy because of this. This is pretty ridiculous.
Ever since updating to iOS 11, the app is giving me fits. No matter what you do 1 click checkout doesn’t work. And then when you click the proceed to checkout button while in your cart it takes you to someplace else in the app. Sometimes if you finally do purchase something it doesn’t confirm the purchase. More often than not I have to go to my desktop computer in order to use Amazon. I use an iPhone 6, and an iPad pro with iOS 11.2
Can’t place order.  It just returns user to proceed to checkout - looping forever.  When try to display orders it asks for the login again (even if I just logged in a minute ago).  The login completes  and then displays a pop up box saying  there was a problem try again. You click ok and the app hangs saying loading information  Minutes pass.  When you get tired of waiting and go back to the item, again you get into the same loop.  Sometimes you can get in on the 2nd or  3rd try, just did 8 try and still didn’t work.  This app used to work fully and now my am pretty useless - Been a month since this version was released and no fix in sight. 
Yo dude, I think the app updated and now it won’t log me back in, aka when I go to submit my order it tells me to enter my password then I put in the password and it says “ops something went wrong”  I’m trying to spend money but ops something went wrong 
Can't log in. Haven't been able to for quite some time. The regular website works fine. I get a message saying "error oops something wrong"
Just keeps saying error or no internet connection. I’ve tried deleting and redone loaded and it still doesn’t work.
Used to be a great app, but now the app doesn’t work for most things. Not sure what Amazon is doing, they have screwed it up so it doesn’t work. This will definitely affect my purchasing habits.  I cannot view past orders, cannot load gift cards, etc.  it keeps asking me to log in, I log in and then it says “...oops something went wrong try again later...”.   I guess I should try Walmart’s app.
After I changed the Amazon password from the browser, this app stopped working. If I place an order, or even try to log off (to log on again with new password) it gives an error message.
It constantly asks for me password which I correctly enter but then will say that there is an error. Well, the error still lets me submits orders properly. So which is it is it?
Update: I noticed another person was having the same problems as me. They deleted app and downloaded again. This fixed all my problems.  App wants my password, then says something went wrong. Then it goes to info anyway. I can't check out. App will unexpectedly quit. If I am looking at my orders it will suddenly go to enter password, and it all begins again. This is not the first order I have had a problem with. Last update needs some work. I am thoroughly frustrated!!!  I have no problem on Safari. 
The app will make you sign in, immediately say an error had occurred and then if you try to access that page again it will suddenly work? This bug is ridiculously annoying.
Screen once in a while glitches while clicking on a product , and continually flashes until you leave that screen. I don’t know if It has anything to do with Face ID but I’m guessing that may be the cause . Needs to be updated , stick with amazon.com for now
Need to fix the authentication so we can actually order items and view history. This used to work but will not work now. It really limits what we need this app for. Always the “something went wrong error”
Every time I try to order, it says “something went wrong” and then sends me to a loading page that never loads
I used to use the app ALL the time to buy things but they updated it a little while ago and now I can’t even buy things it always says there’s an error. It also makes me log-in if I do anything on the app at l all which is really annoying and never did this before...can you please fix it and go back to the way it was?
It worked fine until the last update. Now I can’t do anything without a screen popping up and asking for me to sign in despite the fact that I’m already signed in. Then it gives the message of oops something went wrong and I’m back where I started. Please fix this!
It used to be great but for months now it keeps making me put in my password every 10 seconds over and over and won’t let me process an order. Please update it so it works!
I have loved shopping on Amazon since I was in college when I still had a student discount. Up till recently I have not encountered a problem with the app on my phone or even on my iPad, but since a couple updates ago I am having trouble logging in to my account. I have to login from my computer to actually be able to see past orders or even to make a purchase. The app on my iPad and on my iPhone says something along the lines of“sorry an error has occurred” whenever I try to login
Lately I am unable to order anything via my app. It keeps telling me something went wrong. It’s incredibly frustrating to have to log onto my laptop or desktop to buy simple items when I could have done it in under 5 minutes on my phone. Please fix!
The application prompts for authentication way too often. I cant do anything without it prompting me for my password. If you have a highly secure password like me then entering it every single time is very frustrating.  Please relax the reauth requirement. I would luv to shop and check my orders wo being prompted.  Also entering amazon gift cards prompts for password and then gives error. 
I love shopping on amazon but everytime I open my app now and for the past month or two, it says for me to please check my internet(something about CS1) and it will not let me sign in or do anything. I have deleted the app and re-downloaded it 4 times, but it still will not work at ALL
Like other reviewers I have been unable to make purchases from my app. I could add items to my cart, but when it was time to check out it would require me to input my password. And after submitting my password, I would receive a “something went wrong” error message. This has occurred over the past several months.  So today I deleted and reinstalled the app, and was able to conduct business as usual. No problems whatsoever.   This is a great app, but it can be frustrating if the above occurs. Therefore, delete and reinstall, and all will be better. 
Was good until last update. Always has errors when placing orders now and for some reason my finger print isn’t signing me in anymore and not taking my password. Works on safari though.  It says “something went wrong”. So annoying!!
The app keep getting error msg
App won’t work without WiFi connection.
I constantly get the “something went wrong” warning.  I can’t make purchases because of it. I thought a purchase went through and the package never arrived.
Love that I can shop Amazon, but am annoyed at the needless bells and whistles. For example, my phone vibrates every time I add something to my cart... how is that remotely necessary? At least make it an option that can be disabled.
I keep having issues with the Amazon iPhone app. It keeps telling me to check my internet connection and try again (CS1) and the pop up is Network Error: The Amazon.com mobile service encountered a problem. Please try again shortly.  I even undeleted and reinstalled, nothing works. This has been ongoing for several months now.  Please fix this issue! 
I put $50 onto my account to buy a playstation card. I confirm the purchase and it shows i buy it. Then it gets cancelled automatically and then when I thought I finally got it to work, it says my account has been disabled. Will I ever even be able to use the $50?
AMAZON ALWAYS WANTS ME TO SPEND MORE THEN MY GIFT CARD BALANCE ! OVER TIME AMAZON HAS BECAME REALLY GREEDY SHIPPING SAYS FREE WHEN IT’S REALLY NOT!
Every time I try to view my orders it says there is an error. Every time I try to checkout there is an error. Every time I try to change my list settings there is an error. But I can get on my laptop and do everything just fine. Fix this bug please it’s so inconvenient and renders the app completely useless.
I hold Amazon to a very hire standard, and their mobile app disappoints. I once had an authentication issue that would not resolve itself, and amazons support suggested that I uninstall the app and reinstall. This is not a solution.  Most recently every time I log in it says “something went wrong”, but then if I click something else I am actually logged in. It shouldn’t be this tricky. 
Can’t buy or access or print gift cards with the app. After Face ID is approved, error message says “Oops... something went wrong.” What’s going on?!
Why can’t I change the shipping address?? When I try to change it, it exits out of the screen and reverts back to the previous page! So annoying!! Please fix.
Thanks to the most recent update, when you try to add to cart or checkout, you're given a error message, "sorry, something went wrong," and nothing happens.   Similarly, thanks to the update, you can find yourself stuck in checkout purgatory.  Clicking "place your order" will revert your screen to "proceed to checkout."  Fix these bugs that didn't previously exist. 
The app is great I've been using it for years but lately things are glitching or just not working. One thing that I've noticed is when I go to review items that I've purchased and received it won't let me, it says I have not purchased the items. The app is very convenient and useful but could use some maintenance.
As much as I love Amazon, it doesn’t help that I’m now unable to add to my wish list especially during the holiday season!  Please fix it.
Please fix the purchase and sellers function. I can’t do anything if. It’s on this app anymore.
Crashes at checkout. I was told it was because I was using an older phone and now I have a iPhone 10 and it still kicks me out at check out. I have to go to my pc to check out. What pain
I live on this app. Prime customer. Amazon rewards card holder. I can’t place an order! Anytime I add items to my shopping cart, click proceed to check out, and then click place order, my order does not go through. It’s simply re-loads the shopping cart page. Please fix this serious error as soon as possible
Autoplay Video takes over Audio. Cannot use while listening to anything else.
The app makes you jump through hoops to  ship to a new address, but after jumping through those hoops, if you're not careful, it will simply ship to the default address. Should be smart enough after adding a new address to ask if your should go to the new address. Poor UX.
Amazon please fix the app. I can't place an order. My cart continues to 'go empty'. Constant error messages. I can't believe this app has gone to the dogs. Please fix/update. Your killing me!
Can shop and place items in cart but when I hit “proceed to check out” it says “something went wrong”. Sometimes I can get to the check out page and when I select to check out it still gives that error code. No problems with acct - I can order just fine directly on the website
Won’t let me use Touch ID or sign in
It’s getting really annoying. Without this being fix the app is basically useless. I can’t add items to my lists, can’t check my order status etc. whenever I try to verify with fingerprints, which should not be the only option in the first place, it says something is wrong. SO FIX THIS.
Well, I can’t log in these days, either by touch or by logging in. I keep getting a “sorry, something went wrong, please try again” error. Then I’ll go back later and it works for a little bit then throws up the touch login screen, error, try to sign in, error..... endless frustrating cycle. So amazon... you want my money? Fix the app.
It is harder to browse Amazon using the app than it is in Safari. Not that it matters though, since the authentication mechanism is broken and neither entering your password nor using touchID lets you make a purchase. Lame.
I don’t know what you did but I’m not the only one having an issue. I put my password in and it just seats there. I go back to the Home page and then try to check my order status. It works for about 30 seconds then kicks me out. Please fix it.
If I try to order on the app, or access my pending orders, or look at wish lists, the app asks me to sign in again, then comes back with an error message. I have to go to my computer to accomplish anything with Amazon. Especially frustrating at the holiday season. Hope there is a fix coming like yesterday!  Also: defaults to ‘show password’? Not good. 
Every time I go to order something it has me choose the shipping address over and over again or it will pop up with a message that says “something is wrong” I love amazon and I pay for prime. Please fix the app so I can buy things or else I don’t know if it’s worth it to pay for prime.
I can't place orders from the app.  I saw another review with the same problem, that when you hit 'proceed to checkout' it asks which address to ship to and you can't get past that!  It just slams you right back to the cart!  I have to go to my browser to actually order!  And the Touch ID always has an error!  The current version of the app is just a mess!  I will say that for the most part it works like it should, but just not the important parts!
For the past two weeks I am having a hard time logging in to my account on the app. I have to utilize the web version just to sign in. Which can take longer. It’s becoming more and more frustrating. When I sign I‎t I get a notification that reads something went wrong. It’s not my password because I use the same password for my the web log In and I‎t works perfectly fine. I’m goin to give I‎t one more week. If not. I’m deleting this app. Makes no sense to have something I can’t use.
I haven’t been able to log in to the app in weeks. It asks for my password, then says something went wrong and won’t let me do anything. I can’t view my orders, place orders... anything past the login screen.
I can’t purchase anything in the app since the last update. Won’t recommend until they fix
Neither FaceID works, nor just the plain old password. I’m forced to use my PC to view orders. Please fix. It used to work fine. Same goes for changing payment method once in the checkout. When I click on the payment method (in order to change it), it simply reloads the cart instead of offering me the option to choose one of my other payment methods. This app is a complete disaster on iPhone X. 
App has “problem occur” every time a password is put in.
This app is garbage you’d think one of the largest business in the world would have a functioning app.
Constant errors trying to log-in to view account details.
That’s the message that pops up on this app after the recent updates. I can’t check the status of any orders or order new things now. Makes it kind of a useless app.
My review would be higher if the app worked. It's a 50-50 as to whether or not it gives me a CS1 error even though I have internet connection.
Resets to view cart after adding a new address, no support for Apple Pay or any pay.
I’ve used this app for quite awhile but in the last few weeks I can’t make any purchases. I get an error when I do Touch ID or even when I input my password. Amazon made me change my long time password and ever since then the app hasn’t worked to make purchases 90% of the time. Every once in awhile it doesn’t make me do a password so then I can purchase. Please fix this bug.   2 weeks later and this is still a problem, just in time for Christmas shopping. I have not bought nearly as much from Amazon because of this issue. I wonder how many other people have given up. 
Having the same problem as Horselovermom. Having the app is pointless if I have to log in through desktop just to purchase. The update didn't help either.
I’ve had this app for several months and it has always had glitches, but now more so than ever. I’m using iPhone 7 and the latest  app update but can’t use it to complete a purchase because it locks in a circular linking loop. Some of the features like past orders consistently return an error message. Amazon should have a much better app development team than would produce something like this.
All is fine except one thing: I have to delete and reinstall the app once in a while, or it’ll constantly pop out a window says “Something was wrong blablabla” when I try to log in
App will no longer allow me to checkout, just sends me back to shipping address continually. Also is now making me sign in with my password every time I want to do anything and gives an error telling me to try again later. Obviously some pretty bad bugs in the app right now (Absolutely love amazon this review is for the app). When the app works it’s a 5 Star app.
Every 3 mins or sooner the app shift to a screen asking for my password again and again and it always says “sorry something went wrong please try again” .  I have never been able to buy anything with the app so it has failed in its very purpose! I wish I could give this app no stars.
I have no issues logging in my account with my password but once logged in everything I navigate through the app (such as orders, account, payment) it makes me enter my password again and then gives me a message telling me ‘not working, try back later’ ?????? Why can’t u buy anything or use this app anymore? I have the correct login and password. Please fix issues and update this app it needs it!!
All of the sudden I can’t use this app anymore. Every time It asks for my password and I put it in, it just gives me an error message and takes me back to the main menu. The rating would change if the app worked
Wishlist:  - Make the checkout a full page instead of a tiny pop-up. - Accept ApplePay. - Allow AmazonSmile within the app. 
App keeps kicking me back to my cart when trying to purchase. Says “sorry something went wrong” each time I try to purchase and asks for my password. Please fix!
IT WONT LET ME DO ANYTHING!!! All it says is “something went wrong try again” 😡😡😡😡👎👎
can’t look at any previous orders because it prompts me to sign in (even tho i’m ALREADY signed in) and then when i do it says, “oops! something went wrong. Try again.” and then I do try again and its just the same thing over and over. can’t even use the app at all anymore
My Amazon app keeps saying "sorry something went wrong. Where working on fixing it. CS3 I've tried everything and it won't work.
Your app is awful and now my girlfriend knows all my gift ideas for her
I have been using amazon services for years. The app must have been recently updated, because it is acting very buggy. It keeps shutting down, I can’t make my purchases from it anymore (now I need to go to my desktop computer to place an order).  The app used to work great. I just deleted it. I’m going to try downloading it again to see if that solves anything.
Repeatedly prompts me to log in and then says “something went wrong.” I’ve updated, restarted, all of that. I still have to go to my computer to make a purchase. Not very convenient.
Cannot process Face ID, constantly asks for password and crashes - terrible timing for glitches with holidays approaching, and I have seen no recent updates.  Has worked well in the past, but they really need to fix for X.
Login failed is all I keep seeing even though password is correct. Then it lets you in but I can’t change payment method and kicks you back to cart. Ugh.
This app has become awful. Every time it asks me to enter my password I receive a pop up message saying, “sorry, an error has occurred.” Now when I try to enter my gift card, it won’t process it and returns me to my shopping cart. What gives?
Since the last update I am unable to purchase from the app or see past orders, or go to account info.  I get an error and it crashes. Never had a problem before the last update. Hoping the devs see this and fix it soon.
The app does not allow me to sign in with my password or Touch ID. I’ve tried reinstalling and it still doesn’t work. I don’t have this problem with any other app on my iPhone.
I am an amazon prime holder loved the site until this past huge order I did for Christmas they charged me five different times now my account is froze won’t get my things for Christmas cause of their error so now I’m left to struggle and all I got is I’m sorry 😂🖕 please explain this to my four year old son and me as a single mother thanks amazon for nothing called three times just to get a not my problem story !
Since the last update, the app crashes whenever I try to change a shipping or payment address, look at previous orders, or browse more than 2 minutes. It kicks me out and makes me enter my password—every time. Not fun to deal with close to Christmas :/
I have a lot if items in my cart. However, the app behaves well until a certain point (say 30-50 items). After that point, no matter how many times you scroll, it just keeps loading the last 5-6 items. What did the update fix?
I don’t know what happened, but suddenly my amazon app is unusable, and I’m not the only one having the same problem. First, whenever I try to do something on the app, it asks me for my password, then when I put it in, tells me “something went wrong. Please try again later.” Then, I pick an item to order, hit “proceed to checkout”, and after I select which address to ship to, the app just goes back to the main page and refuses to complete my order! I can’t order anything or do anything on this app!
I love amazon but now that I have the iPhone X I cannot use the app. When I go to check out I can’t because it wants facial recognition. So now I have to go through the internet. Please update for x users. Thanks!
On my iPhone I hit check out it takes me to type password then back to cart over and over. I guess y’all don’t want my money?
The app is extremely unstable now, won’t load pages and now I can’t even login, getting the message “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”
A glitch will kick you back to cart when you want to check out.
Feels like a bug: Enable Touch ID on ios devices DL Amz app. Login, enable touch ID. Next change your Amz password on a browser. (I have Prime). Now dont logout of Amz on your iOS devices. Check Orders > Use finger for TOuch ID.   Result: error message appears “ oops, something went wrong”  Logout/Login of apps. Re-enter new password.  Result: Unable to Touch ID. Exposes all Acct related menus.  Fix this Amazon...🧐 
I downloaded it because I was feeling lazy and didn’t want to type in my gift card code, and you’re supposed to be able to scan it on the app. Not only did that not work, even when browsing I can’t get through a page or two without it asking for my password and giving me an error (even though I’m already signed in) or it asking to enable Touch ID and then giving me an error. I deleted the app and am going back to the mobile browser, which is pretty well-designed and not nearly as buggy 
Every time I try to purchase from the app, I get message -“sorry, something went wrong.  Please try again.”  Have to always bring up within web browser to check out or looking up past orders.
Used to work no problem. Now I get “oops something went wrong” every time I try to check out. Dumb.
Trying to order gifts for my out of state family and the site keeps telling me that there is an error and to try again later!!! Worst time of year for this glitch!
It’s quite a shame how big amazon is and still how buggy the app is. There’s nothing wrong with the UI, it looks great, but boy is it buggy. It’ll throw you into these loops between adding an item to a list, password or anywhere along the check-out process. I never really have success with the app. It’s practically useless except to browse item, then send yourself the link to the computer to order there.
I tegularly get an error when trying to view my orders. The app will ask me to login with my password and them it just errors out.  Eventually it will work, but only after going back to home and trying again multiple times.
First, I love amazon! Second, I hate the app. Every time I check “orders” it makes me log in, so I do. Then it says something went wrong and won’t let me check orders. I have to use my husband’s phone to do it. I want to be able to stay logged in and check my orders. Please help.
App won’t let me sign in with thumb print nor with username & password, so I cannot check orders, etc.  It gives me a gray screen that does nothing.  App is VERY invasive privacy-wise, but that’s just Amazon for ya. 
Not sure what happened with last update but I’m repeatedly getting this “something went wrong” message when I try to do anything except a basic product search. Pretty frustrating so shopping has to only occur in iPad or desktop, not working for iPhone. Woe is me. First world problems.
It is extremely aggravating every time you want to sign or view details with thumbprint or username and password an error message comes up and says something went wrong. Somethings wrong alright, the second biggest retailer can’t fix a iPhone application...
**Update**  A month later and the Touch ID error isn't fixed. Signing in via Safari makes the entire app completely pointless. Also, don't advertise free one day shipping if you can't do it. Going to family Christmas tomorrow w/o presents for a few people when they should have arrived today.   Original Review 11/18/17:  Used to be a great app and most of the functionality is there, but anything involving Touch ID is a no-go. I can't make a purchase or check order history. Kind of pointless to use the app at all if I have to go to Amazon thru a browser to complete a transaction or check an order. 
Haven’t been able to use the app in months. Keep getting a “CS1” error. Called amazon and they basically told me there’s nothing they can do. I’ve deleted and reinstalled the app multiple times. I have an iPhone 7, there shouldn’t be any issues.
New update - now every time I try to purchase items the app seems to short circuit, reading out different errors, but always closing the checkout window. Whoops?
This app used function seamlessly. Now my touch ID is gone (even though it is enabled in my settings) and every time I want to look at “my orders” it says I have to sign in and then when I sign in it says “something went wrong try again.“ When I open up the app it says I’m already signed in. Very frustrating.
Rather I’m on WiFi or on my data it ALWAYS says it can’t load 🙄 I have an iPhone 7+ so I know it’s not me 🙄 fix yalls app!!! 🙄
I have been a prime member for years. In the last few months, I updated to a business account as I use this primarily for business. When I make 1 purchase, I now cannot checkout any other orders again until the next day. It’s literally limiting my purchases to once a day as it won’t let me go to the checkout page. When I contacted support via email, they said to delete the app and reinstall. I did that and now have to delete the app every time I make a purchase, if I want to make more than one purchase a day. I use amazon to make my life easier but now that I’m literally deleting and reinstalling this app several times a day, I may need to start looking elsewhere. Super bummer as I was always a huge Amazon advocate until recently.
Why does it constantly say “something went wrong” and not load the order details even when I put in the correct password?
Since the last update, I can browse or search but if I try to check out, review orders, or otherwise need to enter my password it states, “Sorry an error occurred...” or returns to the last screen I was viewing. If I want to do anything but browse or search, I have to close the app and login on with the Chrome app. Please fix this...
Constant errors with logging in normally or logging in via TouchID. NEVER DOES CONNECT making the app worthless!!!
I can browse kind of easily, not the best, but can only log into my account half the time and haven’t been able to check out in months, always have to go to a web browser :(
A pretty good app, but there are several glitches. It won’t let me change my payment method and it says “error” every time I try to log in. But yet, it logs me in... strange. There’s also a glitch with scrolling between the tabs, as others have stated.
Keeps asking for password every single time I try to checkout. Then it will give me an error. No face recognition either.
Any time another screen comes over the one you’re on (re-enter password, change shipping address), you can’t move any further in the flow. Once you tap on something on that screen that comes up, it just closes it and brings you back to the previous screen. Basically, you’re just stuck in a loop. Please fix this. I literally can’t buy anything through your app. I’m trying to give you money but you’re not letting me.
Love Amazon, love Prime, and even generally love the app. But for months now, I haven’t been able to successfully open the “Your Orders” tab. Whenever I click the button, it obviously asks for my thumb-print to log in and verify it’s me, but then it always pops up with a little dialogue box that says, “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”  I’ve tried again. I’ve quit the app. I’ve made sure my iOS and the app itself are updated to the most recent versions. I’ve restarted my phone. Nothing changes this.  Please fix this feature as it’s a main feature I use the app for! Without being able to check the status of my orders, the app doesn’t even serve half its function, in my opinion. 
It asks for my password- doesn’t recognize it and says something went wrong... I go through the steps and place order and it takes me back to my full cart.   I have to complete my order on my desktop.    I am shopping elsewhere more this holiday season....I’d fix ASAP
This app has some major issues. I can’t look at my past orders - it asks for my password every time and then when I put it in (correctly) it says there was an error. I’m also not able to order anything from the app. As a frequent shopper from the app this is super frustrating and annoying.
Everytime I try to place an order, the app asks me to log in. Then i get a message that says Oops! Something went wrong! And I can’t place the order. This happens on any screen where i need to view my account.  This issue makes the app pretty much useless.
It doesn’t recognize my password on the app so I can’t actually buy anything. I can add to my cart but I have to log in on my computer to actually buy something. Super frustrating. Otherwise I like the app. It shows different search results than the computer though. That’s kind of annoying too. I can’t just search for something on my computer and get the same results to find what I might have seen before.
I have looked and not found any way to report the bugs that render this app unusable.  I can only use the app for browsing, not for ordering.   I have to order through a web browser.  These issues have persisted for weeks/months. If i knew Amazon was aware of the bugs or was working on them, I would not have submitted this negative review.  Hopefully this will get their attention.  I enjoy shopping on Amazon, but cannot do so through this app.  If they would like to know, the main bugs are: - When asked to login to confirm password, it will say "oops something went wrong".  However if i continue doing what I'm trying to do it seems that it still recognized the login. - When checking out and trying to change the payment method or shipping address, whatever starts to happen disappears and nothing changes.  I am unable to continue with the order unless i use the current payment method and shipping. 
Ever since the new update, I can’t order, login to my account, or check the status of orders that I made on the desktop, through the app. The big need to be addressed.
I don’t know why this keeps happening but maybe it has something to do with “Touch ID”? Upon trying to check out amazon ask for me to log-in with the Touch ID that I’ve used before. Then a message pops up saying that something went wrong and to try again later. This seems to happen all the time. Then the page continues to say “still loading” after hitting ok. It’s very frustrating since it happens when I’m trying to check out.
It keeps saying “something went wrong” when I try to view my orders with either touch ID or my password. Fix this please
I can’t even place an order on my iPhone. It keeps saying there was an error but let’s me in to my account. It asks over and over what shipping address to send to. No matter how many times I re-select my address, it flashes back to the question. I even did the latest update and it still does this. Fix please
Latest update not allowing me to order, error with fingerprint login.
Ever since I updated my Amazon app with your most recent update, the app says “something went wrong. Please try again later.”  It doesn’t do this on my iPad or desktop.  Please help!
I love amazon, I have amazon prime and would never give it up! But since they enabled “customers who have bought _____ also bought ____” when I’m scrolling through my cart, is enough to make me delete the app on my phone and stick to shopping on my computer.
Once installed and fingerprint set up you never have to put in a password again. That may seem great, but I mean never even if you change the password or even the login email. You can still get in with a fingerprint. Even if someone gets a hold of your phone they can add a fingerprint and access all your orders and account info.
Tried 5 times in a row. 3 times the "ship to this address" button took me back to the very first screen I get to when I tap on my cart without having saved the address that I just typed in. The other 2 times the button didn't do anything and I had to go back and start over. Going to have to dig up my laptop to make this order. Which year is this? :(
You literally are not allowed to sign out. Want to use a separate account from your girlfriend so you can buy her a gift without her seeing it on your orders? Good luck.
I'm having trouble understanding why you can't view orders made on your phone on your PC and Vice-Versa,   You can't even create a cart on your phone and it be available on the same account on PC for payment (even saved payment options or items aren't saved.)   I'm not sure how or why Amazon is the next big Monopoly when they can't even build a solid app that doesn't make you think your account on your phone is different than the same account on your PC making you fear it's been compromised. 
App will not let me update quantities or place order.  Terrible.
What the heck?  Every time I use the app now, I’m prompted to sign in.  Who gives a crap about 1-click buy settings if you’re constantly bombarded with a prompt to re-enter your password at every turn.  It’s frustrating — what used to be a great app has been seemingly ruined by useless added “features” and updates.
I can’t add anything to my wish list I can view my wish list. I honestly cannot view any other options on Amazon unless I’m buying something which is pointless in having the app if I still have to go online.  It’s always saying something went wrong Haven’t been able to use amazon in two months 
I don’t know what has changed on the iPhone version, but the app is always asking me to reenter my password, especially when I want to look at orders. Today, I couldn’t get it to show me all my order details. I would enter my password and it would tell me there was a problem, would show me nothing. This problem doesn’t occur on the iPad.  Please fix this…  STILL BROKEN!!!! 
Every time I attempt to log into my account I get a notification that says, “Sorry an error has occurred. Please try again later.” Yet it still logs me in. Which would be fine, but then when I try to make a purchase it gives me the same message. I’m able to make purchases on a desktop, but I prefer mobile... fix this asap!!
I love the amazon app. It’s makes things so much easier. I’m always on the go so if I need something quickly I can just pull up Amazon on my phone, find the item, order it and then get notified when it ships and when it arrives.
Never had an issue with the app in the past. Now, with the new iPhone 10 the experience is really bad. Super annoying and disappointing.
Trying to select different delivery address and app crashes or takes me back to login. Please fix.
When accessing order history, continuously asks for password.  Can’t scroll through orders with password screen popping up, even after entering password
Worthless app since hitting the checkout button does nothing.
When I try to view orders, go to customer service, or do anything involving my own account on the app, I get the error box “Something went wrong”. What is happening?
I used to love this app, now every time I try to shop from my phone or even look at old orders, it just asks me to enter my password (even tho I’m already logged in) and when I do, it says something went wrong. It’s literally only good for browsing and adding to my cart for later. Worthless.
Recent app updates have caused an endless cycle of forcing me to log in all the time, then giving me an error whenever I try to check out. App is rendered totally useless and has been for weeks.
Every time I try to do something on the app, it asks for my password.  Upon entering, it always says "Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again."  I can use the desktop site with no issues, but the app is not working right. This app used to work flawlessly.  Please fix
I have to sign in anytime I hit checkout and after I enter my password I get a pop-up that says "something went wrong."  It's been happening for weeks and so I keep heading to my desktop to purchase! Please fix!!
This shows up everytime I am prompted to log in and can’t seem to use the app to notify me or even buy using it. Horrible!
Glitchy, kicks me out every time I try to change shipping address and everytime it asks for my password it glitches out as well. Piss poor app. Not what it used to be. Deleting and using the website instead
I love this app and use it frequently, but for the past 2 months or so, every time I try to sign in with the app, I get a pop up that says “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” and then I get a white screen. It’s incredibly frustrating, please fix this!
The current version is useless as I can’t log in at all—not manually nor with Touch ID. Every time I try I get the message “sorry, something went wrong.”
Clicking on “Place Your Order” button just takes me back to my cart. Very frustrating! Must wait to get to a computer to complete my purchase.
I don’t understand what is going on, but when using the amazon app on my iPad and I tried it on my aunts as well...you are not able to get your account information and access many important features that you can through the app on your phone (mine is an iPhone 6 Plus) or through the internet. So, something is not working properly with the iPad app version and needs to be looked into.
When it prompts for password for any changes in address etc it then reverts back to previous address etc. and loops over and over never making change. Now I log on and it won’t open “orders” -just stays blank. Very obvious this app is overdue for an update on iOS.
I love this app. But here’s the thing. I can’t sign in with my thumb print or password when I’m trying to view my orders or proceed to checkout. Please fix this because I hate going from my phone to computer just to click a button, when I should be able to do everything from my phone.
I used this app religiously and now it wont even sign me into my account without and error message! I can’t buy anything because the checkout doesn’t work, I can’t check orders because it constantly asks for my password. From other reviews I see I’m not the only one having these issues! I don’t have these problems on my laptop!
I love shopping through Amazon, but the App won’t accept my password without a message “sorry, something went wrong.” Won’t allow me to enter a new shipping address through the app. Won’t delete addresses from my address book either. Not helpful when traveling and I need things delivered to my hotel!
It’s been like this for about two weeks now every time I log in to see my past orders it says ‘something went wrong, please try again’ and now it won’t let me buy anything. When I go to proceed with purchase it takes me to the shopping details( which is already saved) and when I click it, it takes me back to the proceed with check out over and over again.
I have been having load issues the past week and error messages today. Plz fix this issue.
Get the message “please check your internet connection and try again (CS1)” when attempting to use over cellular data. I am on Xfinity Mobile and they say it isn’t them. Works fine on WiFi
There’s an error on the app that makes it impossible to use. ‘Please check your internet connection and try again(CS1).’ Most if not all other apps work, why not this one even after being updated to the most current firmware and re-downloading the app numerous times. I am forced to use the browser on my phone instead to log into my account.
This last update totally broke my app - I cannot place an order nor view past orders. Right in time for me to go shopping elsewhere for the holidays.
Every time I go to check out it asks me for my password to continue like always but once I input my password it gives me a error message of “something went wrong” and I’ll have to put my password again then it does the same thing all over again. I love the app but I have been having to checkout from the browser. Please fix the issue
As others have shared, the GIANT of companies can’t well make SMALL applications.  I’ll want to change the shipping address, but it just runs a complete circle and gets me back to ‘proceed to checkout’.  This also goes for any other option I choose on the ‘proceed to checkout’ page.
App won't stop glitching. Won't let me put in my password, and keeps saying there was an error. If I do it on the actual website, my password works with no errors.
Won’t allow me to view my account details or track orders. The app always defaults to the log in page when I’m already logged in. It will let me shop, but not view my account info or my orders.  It’s annoying to have to use Amazon in my browser now when I have the app but that’s what I do now. Deleting until fixed. 
Every time I try to sign in to view my orders I get an oops something went wrong error. So frustrating!!!!!
App keeps freezing and crashing on iPhone 8 and repeatedly asking for password then freezing! What’s the problem Amazon?!
I love my Amazon app but I cannot read reviews by choosing Most Recent. I can if I am online but NOT through the app. Please fix so I can change my review to 5 stars!
I have used this app for a long time and its been great until now all the sudden, whenever i put items in my cart and go to checkout whenever im selecting shipping options for the last item in my cart say i have 10 items in the cart and it will stop on the 10th one and keep showing the same 10th item everytime i click proceed forward so I cant purchase any items in my cart and this mobile app is messed up now. Perfect timing with the holidays coming up for Amazon app not to work...
What is the point of this app if you cannot sign in to your account? Always getting error or “still loading”.. So utterly useless... 
This app has become and unmanageable abomination. I can’t login using Touch ID, and when I go to the menu it says “oops, something went wrong.” Every. Single. Time. Fix it please.
it’s been month and this app just doesn’t work well. amazon fresh is a complete disaster, making adjustments on my account is impossible from my phone, family sharing is another story...i can keep going🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️overall it’s just getting old..
Can’t enter my password or change it however I can make purchases without needing this information?!?!?!? Can’t even access customer support or track my packages cause all that needs a password but purchasing doesn’t...
Constantly have to sign in only to get the error message “sorry, something went wrong”. Can’t make purchases through the app now.  Website is still going strong, app needs a ton of work.
I have no problems with the app other than you cannot place an order from it! It also errors out and says I’m not signed in when I am. Please fix this so I don’t need to use a computer to place an order each time!
This app crashes all the time with my iphone 8. I cannot buy anything at all. Better to use website than this app. Not good amazon not good.
Haven’t been able to place an order on the app since then... get it together please.
Why can’t I scan a barcode from the iPad version of the app? That’s just stupid. I’m trying to buy something and you’re making extra work for me.
I tried shopping on amazon for a change bought something and still a month later it never came worst website out there
I can no longer complete a transaction through the app.
My app is up to date but every time I try to checkout I am prompted to log in. So I sign in, go to checkout, and have to log in again. So annoying! It’s been over a month and counting. Have to make purchases from my internet browser for the foreseeable future.
This is the message I get every time I try to look at ‘ your orders ‘.  Using the fingerprint verification doesn’t work. I have to enter my password using the keyboard each time. Please fix the app so it is useful in reviewing past orders.
Literally cannot use this app on my phone, no matter how many times I re-download it eventually gets a “cs1 error” and becomes bricked.
Amazon can you please fix this?!?  I keep getting a “sorry something went wrong” message when trying to complete my purchase.  Wish I could buy things.
Normally a great app, but it keeps crashing sometimes when I log in, try to check out, or change an address. Impossible for me to buy anything at the moment
Normally I love this app but since the last update it constantly asks for my password and tells me something went wrong! It won’t let me finish reviewing what I am trying to review because it kicks me out of that screw repeatedly. Please fix it!
Glitches when I try to view my orders, glitches when I try to change my shipping address, glitches when I try to change my payment method, glitches when I try to add a new payment method. If I log out and try to log back in it just keeps saying "something went wrong."
I’m still unable to purchase anything from this app. Who knew that Amazon could be this stupid. DELETED (after I post this).
Ever since the new iOS I can “sign in”. What I mean by that is it shows my photo at the top when I’m browsing but if I was to go purchase something is makes me put my password or fingerprint, then gives me “oops something went wrong”. So annoying. Let me know when it’s fixed, until then I’ll be using the website on safari I suppose.
