Why can’t anyone from support tell me how to disable this “Deliver to” banner that now displays under the search bar and on EVERY product screen I visit. When you click on it, it says “Choose your delivery location” but never goes away! Tell me how to disable!!!
I'm disappointed that they don't let us see customer pictures. I'll stick with the website version.
Works great except when trying to filter reviews. Need to fix the bugs. Would be nice to sort by price as well
Please add customer-submitted photos on the iPad app! I can see them in reviews on iPhone but not on iPad.
I can’t search nor can I purchase items on the app now.! Please fix this problem. 😡
If I can’t buy all Amazon items from the app,  why use it? Kindle books and some other physical items can’t be purchased in the app. So I have to start over on a webpage. No reason to use the app if I have to start over from scratch to get the Buy option.
Great app with anything you need. Sometimes with outrageous pricing but that is the suppliers fault. If for some reason you need some gum in the next day or two just press a couple of buttons and it’s shipped to your door with fancy tape and what not.
App is not working form me, as soon as I click on an item all I get is a blank flashing screen! As much as you charge me for prime and music I should have no issues. Because of this, I am seriously thinking about canceling! Shipping is never one time , you couldn’t even get a gift card to someone in the expected time!
This app isn’t bad, but: Whenever I add anything to subscribe and save, it adds the item but at the same time, I get a pop-up telling me something went wrong. Clicking on links back to products ordered usually sends you to an oops page with a dog on it. Notifications are random. Worst of all - it’s useless with Amazon links from browsers. Click on a link in safari or chrome to take you to say an amazon page to manage your prime tv channels? It’ll open up this app and tell you the page isn’t available.. it was at that point I decided to delete this and just go back to the web. 
Amazon decided to add autoplay ads to their app and now I can't listen to music or podcasts while browsing!! It's ridiculous that as a prime member I have to deal with ads let alone autoplay video ads!!!!
Specific detailed search options such as searching for items within my wishlist are gone after this latest update.
Please join Americans in stopping the propaganda lobby group known as the NRA
You can no longer view buyer/seller messages, or other messages for that matter. I just went through every menu item and there are nowhere to be found! How stupid is that? Argh!! Bring it back!!!
What happened with the last update? I can’t see pictures without it taking forever and I can’t share items via text. Please fix ASAP!!!!
Whenever I read comments I like to see the most recent but I haven’t been able to switch between the two. When I click on the option to switch it’s just a blank greyed out screen.
I want to share something I am thinking about buying with a friend over text, but I cannot figure out how to do so without manually going to the website in Safari.
I should have been able to change my address by now. Get some better interfacing amazon!
App now (for some reason) now has a bar at the top showing my name and address!!! Why?!?!? Cant get rid of it and don't want anyone seeing it! Please get rid of this terrible feature!!!!!
Amazon what are you doing? Who’s in charge over there? I can’t seem to search my lists anymore!
The app has trouble doing so much stuff it’s just easier to go on desktop. Can’t even add a new address through this app
Furious at the fact that I pay $100 a year for prime plus the price of every item I've purchases, yet I am no longer allowed to leave reviews for any product I buy. Because a,axon ASSUMES that I leave good reviews for free products. Maybe some people just leave good reviews because the product is good. There is no evidence to back up their claim whatsoever & I am extremely angry. So Amazon if you want a bad review so bad... Here ya go.
I have prime membership and every time I order something they tell me my order is being delayed. I call customer service to find out why and I get a huge run around and a bunch of excuses of why and not one of them make any sense. They tell me it might say 2 day but that’s not true and they ship it however the fulfillment center wants to no matter if 2 day overnight or what ever shipping someone pics. I will not recommend amazon or this app to anyone.
So I bought this 100$ gift card , can’t buy anything with it , so i contact their customer service to see want’ going on , and they said I HAD TO WAIT 2 DAYS AND HAD TO WASTE MY TIME TO FAX THE RECEIPT TO THEM JUST SO IS “SAFE” OH COME ON! NOW MY DEAL FOR MY ITEM IS GONE AND I WASTED 2 DAYS !!!
Love the app overall, however, I just recently tried to used iOS split view on iPad Pro with no luck. Would be nice to research a product online while simultaneously viewing availability from Amazon.
You guys should take Apple Pay, it’s a good app I’ve been using it for almost 2 years but I just want guys take Apple Pay
Welp, I love Amazon. But I can’t order anything until they stop giving the NRAtv a platform for promotion. Will update once they cut ties.
Yesterday I changed my password from my computer. Since then I have not been able to sign back in on the iPhone app. I signed out and tried multiple times to log in and couldn’t even get to a screen where I was asked to enter my username/password. I went as far as to delete and reinstall the app, but still no luck. Tested on multiple working WiFi networks and on cellular network, makes no difference. No other apps have issues, but every time I attempt to sign in, I’m greeted with a “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again” message. Stick to using the mobile version of the site or a full browser version.
Love Amazon but this app is incredibly unresponsive on iPhone X. Especially when chatting with customer support or attempting to choose a different size / color of an item.
The app won’t allow me to contribute to my favorite charity via Amazon Smile so I never use it.
Keep getting error message when I check on the order
One star for reeling me in to get the app with a $5.00 gift card and then never sending it to me.  After reading the reviews, it’s not a far stretch to just delete it.
You can’t see photos attached to reviews on the iPad. If I really want to see them I have to get out my phone and look the product up again. I rely on review photos to give me a better idea of what the product will look like. The lack of this function has caused a lot of returned products.
Where is the sign out option in this software version?  If someone is using my kindle tablet or phone, I want the option to close the app.  Please put back in sign out option in next update.
Using this app on my iPad Pro - doesn’t look ANYTHING like the pictures in the app preview.  Typical crappy Amazon software release discipline - release notes are non-descriptive and don’t indicate what’s been changed.  Come on Amazon - you employ half of the town I live in - can’t you get a simple mobile app correct for customers who spend tens of thousands of dollars with you a year?    One NICE thing - at least landscape mode works again.  Wow. 
If I order something in the morning and later on decide to order more things the system crashes once I get to the payment portal
I’m am iOS user and predominantly use my phone (iPhone 7s plus). The Amazon app used to work great and has since become glitchy in the past two months—gets “stuck” when placing an order and doesn’t allow one to toggle seamlessly between placing an order and continuing to shop for other items. I attempted to inform a customer service rep of this only to be told “maybe you should try accessing our full website via a PC”. Wrong. What’s the point of having a mobile app then, especially if it’s not being supported or if developers aren’t going to look at feedback.
Very quickly becoming more of a pain in the butt than a convenience.  Causes more frustration than anything.  My packages lately have either not been delivered at all or beaten up so badly that the items inside are damaged. Skip Amazon.
Why pay $100 a year for 2-day shipping when it’s a gamble whether or not you actually receive 2-day shipping? If it’s not going to ship in the amount of time that you pay for, why not just disclose that! I am incredibly irritated, as I ordered something Thursday only because the app claimed it would be here yesterday. I NEEDED a broken piece of my breast pump for work today. If I had known it wouldn’t arrive till the FOLLOWING WEEK (even though the item advertised WILL ARRIVE BY SATURDAY), I would have just spent the extra money and bought it at the store when I had the chance. However, I had no updates saying the order would be late. I returned home last night with no order and the tracking says it won’t arrive till next week. I am currently at work in a lot of pain because my pump will not work without it. See if I pay for my membership next time around!
Just upgraded and now I always get an error message when I try to add items to my cart. Come on amazon.
Never got my $5 gift card for downloading the app. It’s been 3 weeks. 😡
You know what this review is about Amazon. Fix this issue. Let us know where you stand.
I gave up using the app to make an order due to an inability to adjust the quantity. Part of the screen darkens, but nothing happens when I try to adjust it.
I use to love this app til my account got hacked and amazon did nothing about I asked them to delete my account and I make a new one and they didn’t do that. Every time I make a order something always goes wrong or they say they shipped my items and on the day it’s supposed to be here it’s never here and they said something went wrong with my order but yet charge me for it. So I’m done with amazon!
I’ve been an Amazon Prime for years. I use this app all day, every day; just because I’m addictive to it; but lately, most of the time I add an item to my cart, I get this error message that says “Amazon encountered a problem”. That’s the only reason I took a star away. LOVE AMAZON ❤️❤️❤️
I can’t believe we’re in 2018 and I can’t buy audiobooks from either of your apps (Audible / Amazon) on my phone. Marketing ploy or plain incompetence?
I spend a lot of money on Amazon  But PLEASE!! Get rid of the buy with one click option. Because it's making you buy everything in your cart even though you don't wanna purchase all that just yet. I literally had to hurry and cancelled the order bc it said my total was $726 and I'm like wooahhhh!!!  So I had to delete EVERYTHING out my cart just to get one item. Super annoying. 
Since the latest update the app won't let you proceed to checkout!  How can we make a purchase if the app won't let us?  This is extremely frustrating because now I have to use a PC to purchase items and not my iPhone!
Unfortunately I have never experienced a time using Amazon when searching for specific product that the search return the filtered products or results that were accurate.  When Using filters, the filters do not filter with accuracy, the worst part is regardless of what you search or filter the results do not provide only the selected product filtered or for that matter a complete category products offered My experience with Amazon is they are notorious for including irrelevant products into your search.    The style of coding creates a complete waste of consumers time and inhibits their customers from actually purchasing the desired products, adding to the company’s bottom line.    ** If Amazon believes providing irrelevant, meaningless, or inaccurate product results when searching or filtering they are seriously mistaken! **  This actually creates the opposite effect and does a disservice to their loyal customers. If this is what the Product and Marketing Owners call convenience, they ought to step back and reevaluate their tactics. These tactics force the consumer to reevaluate shopping with Amazon and return to brick-and-mortar.    Be the industry leader, then follower and STEP UP and change the industry standard and provide consumers with accurate and effective process to locate relevant merchandise. 
Prime shipping is rarely delivered 2 day shipping any more. Customer service has promised my a $30 credit twice because of week overdue orders and never fulfilled they’re promise. Amazon Primevis not what it used to be.
Reliable app for shopping. I waste more time finding button to buy or find related items because Amazon is crowding the interface with ads. Downgrade Jan 2018.
Anyone with access to an unlocked iPad can make a purchase. On the iPhone, when “biometric authorization” is turned on, touch ID is required for purchase.   Also on the iPad, the the ability to email support is broken, except about the predefined topics. On the iPhone, tapping “other” a few times let you write a free-form email. 
Amazon raised PRIME withholding all explanations for unrealistic increases to their customers....Bad Plan  SHIPPING WITH FedEx... Strike TWO! FedEx under investigation for ILLEGAL SHIPPING OF SHARKFIN DOLPHINS ORCA et.al..  TRACKING feature has now been disabled vs before which DIRECTLY LINKED US TO OFFICIAL SHIPPERS TRACKING WEBSITE  ...fin....  Failure in all aspects of operations testing combined with;  Unwillingness to adhere to: ‘the NUMBER 1 Rule of Business’, will result in Amazon being Bankrupt by JUNE 2018. DrDi 
Amazon’s customer service and the way they handle their business is the best I’ve ever encountered.
I can not see the photos of the reviews that people do in Amazon, I can see it from my phone, but not from my iPad, fix that please.
For the last few months I have noticed that I have random items in my cart that i have never even looked at. Now looking at my profile I have learned I am an avid reviewer. I do not review items. What is going on?
I'm writing this review because I can't find anywhere, on the app or otherwise, to report issues about poor app functionality. I've tried the barcode scanning function on three different phones, and it never works. I have a giant pile of textbooks I need to trade in, because they are useless to me and selling them to a bookstore is worth basically nothing. I used to do this via Amazon all the time in college. Now, when I open the barcode scanner, it cannot find the barcode. No matter what I do - avoid shadows and glare, move it closer or farther, different angles, restarting the app, restarting my phone, etc., it just flat out doesn't work. You need to FIX THIS. It's one of the only reasons I have this awful app. Ever since you got rid of the Amazon Student app, which is what I used to use for my trade-ins, this function hasn't worked. FIX. IT.
This was one of my favorite apps, and I love Amazon. But it’s simply not working anymore. Not in my iphone 6 or my ipad mini. It stays “still loading” and never finishes.
I use this app all the time. At one point, there was a way where you could swipe one way or another for similar items. It was really nice. Sometimes you'll put in a search and you'll find one or two things that are LIKE what you are looking for, but not quite and you don't know what to type in to find it. Bring it back, Amazon!
GET RID OF ALL ADD ON ITEMS, I can’t order anything at the time I want, if it is an add on item and I have to spend more money if I want that item. That’s is the worst design ever, if I want something I should be able to get it.
How the hell do I check out a Kindle version of a book?! the option to add to cart disappears!
Nice app and easier to use than a website on my ipad, however it would be much better if I could order my Kindle books as well!  I can order and pay for any thing except books. WHY?
When I write a product review using the iOS app and then choose “add a photo” before submitting, it makes me start all over with my review.
I’ve been a prime member for a while now and just today i cancel it cause its crap. My orders never on time as they claim the 2-day delivery and its always late. Every-time i call customer service they just say sorry and they will look into it. So if you think Amazon is fast. Think again.
New update- now I can’t see the top of the page. The search bar, cart, the < button etc. pls fix
How come on this app most of the items won’t inform me if it fits my vehicle like dash screens
Everytime I try & buy something it errors out & says “unable to load to cart”
It’s been a few weeks since the app has worked. I’m not sure what happened to it, I tried updating and each time it says Amazon has encountered a problem.
I stared using Amazon for shopping only recently but have truly been delighted with both the selection and prices.  Their shipping is reasonable and gets there fairly close to expected times. I am very happy with this company.
This latest update makes it so that when I am on a call, the top blue navigation bar is cut off horizontally down the middle. It’s not covered by the green bar showing the call but the white text like the go back arrow, Amazon, related action button, it’s just gone from the middle up and the functionality doesn’t alway work when tapped.  This is likely an iOS 11 issue, however. After the call ends, the issue continues and the only way to fix it is to restart the app. 
Please make them stop
I love using Amazon Prime... but I keep getting notified about a part that is already delivered. I never had this issue before the last update.
Great app, except for the irrelevant recommendations. Why would a single man with no kids be interested in women’s clothing or baby-related items? There is nothing in my purchase history, browsing history or wish list that would indicate any interest in those things. It used to seem much more personalized than it does lately, now it’s just annoying.   At least give me a “not interested” button. That way you could recommend things that I might actually be interested in. 
The post few updates have all said things like "Go to the menu" to find the new feature... But the menu does not have these new features.
Finger print verification is always a problem. They send code to email but I always receive those codes after 2-3 hours later.
Everything I add something to cart, I get error message saying to try again later. This just started after the update today. I have rebooted app and phone, still same problem
When I was buying a portable charger everything was going fine until I got to the checkout and it wouldn’t actually let me buy it. I thought it was a glitch at First or my iPad wasn’t working properly, but then I tried to buy a 1.00$ item and it still wouldn’t work.( the first item was eligible for free shipping but even when I selected the free shipping option it would not work) I do like the app but it stopped working and needs to be fixed.
I hate when I am looking through the daily deals and I click on an item and when I go back to the list it takes me back to top of the list.  Now I have to make the decision to scroll ALL the way down to where I was or just close the app
Cannot add Shipping address
I’ll order one thing and the thing underneath that gets order as well I wouldn’t use this app ever agian
3rd party international sellers should be separated from domestic sellers. They are a pain to deal with and the customer shouldn’t even have to question whether they are purchasing from an international seller unless they navigate to a section that clearly states international 3rd party. I’m sure amazon customer service spend unneeded time to get things resolved with these sellers.
I like the app and its worked well, but through several updates i was hoping this issue would get fixed. It has not. I have several items in my saved for later cart and as I scroll down and it processes to show me those items, it then doubles the number in the list. Scroll down again and now you have 3 and so. I just cant ever get to the bottom of the list.
While the app is stable, it’s incredibly intrusive when it steals the show when looking for items in a web browser. There is no way to quickly share a link to an item with a friend from the app. This is such a fundamental requirement for shopping. So, because the app opens when you click an ‘amazon’ link from the web page, you’re stuck. Sorry Mom, I can’t share what I found at Amazon with you.
Under Menu I see nothing about seeing all programs ot a treasure truck.
The app just keeps getting worse and worse! Pictures don’t load, I can’t click the options buttons to change color/size etc., I can’t click the purchase button to buy something, and a lot of times the app looks old school and reverts to blue hyperlinks. I want to buy things on amazon but I have to jump through hoops to maybe get a purchase in. Also I don’t like that you can only use one card to make a purchase. I hope things smooth out soon.
Sorting by low to high price doesn’t work right forcing you to scroll thru hundreds of items. Who has the time for such nonsense?
For a company that does trillions of dollars in business in the US they can't provide customer service reps that speak coherent English.
Am I the only one experiencing problems with the app? It’s not loading pictures or it’s always telling me their always telling me “Amazon encountered an error. Please try again shortly” and it crashes. Makes online shopping a hassle 🙄
The stupid wish list bar at the bottom of the screen is so annoying and, tbh, distracting. I can hide it, sure, but like a bad dream, it keeps coming back. @Amazon - cut it out!
Where is the dark mode for night shopping on an iPad screen in bed? #TooBright  Sharing an item after it has been added to a cart has been broken for years.   Video playback is broken on the main description and isn’t supported for user reviews.   #Fail 
I was guaranteed delivery by 8pm today. Amazon said it was delivered at my door when it was not. I’ve been home so I would have seen it. Checked with my neighbors and no package. Can’t request a refund until tomorrow at 4pm. What’s the point of Amazon Prime?
With the new app I am not able to purchase books for my Kindle, my only option is to Download a Sample. At the end of the sample I do not get the option to purchase the book anymore.  If I want the book I have to leave the app, open Amazon ‘s web page, login and then I can purchase. I do not have this problem with other purchases, only kindle books.
For as long as I can remember, I have always toggled my “Save Browsing History” to the off position. Lo and behold, every time I open the screen, a whole page of every item I’ve looked up recently or placed in my order cart is present. I delete the history, I check to make sure the setting is toggled off - which it always is. Next time I use the app, same cycle. Browsing history saved.   What is the purpose of this? I know exactly what I looked up and if I want to purchase it, I will place it in my cart. I don’t want a reminder or record of it, especially when I have specifically set the feature to the off position.  Also, I despise having the “garage” and “pet” feature in my account. I will NEVER use Amazon for car parts & services and I don’t own a pet. Why not make these features optional instead of having them take up space?    I’ve been an Amazon shopper for over 17 years and your app makes the shopping experience a poor and annoying one. I am using your services less and less as time goes on. 
There is an error when trying to view Orders. Please fix this bug!
I can check review photos on the iPhone app but not the iPad app? That’s so annoying. I have to switch to safari or I just end up picking up my phone.
The list that constantly showed up at the bottom of the screen is completely annoying. There is no way to make it permanently go away.
I would love tmfor you guys to stop getting rid of the easy access wish list at the bottom of the screen. It’s so convenient. Would love for you want to keep it there or at least put an option in the app for people who want it there and for people who don’t. :)
After the update, it consistently says that something went wrong, and I can no longer purchase anything .
The top of the screen where the back button, search, shopping cart, notification and amazon logo is all cut off
I’m a frequent Amazon user and I have several Amazon based apps on both my iPhone & my iPad. I don’t like using the iPad app bc it seriously lacks. You have very limited options in what you can access easily. I can’t see my dash buttons, gift card balance, or any basic account info. I would prefer using the app but sadly I resort to the desktop version or I just reach for my phone. Is it really necessary for the 2 versions to be so different? Not a positive user experience.
Will not accept any passwords or load any data. Always asks for a touchscreen fingerprint and never works. I know for a fact it does when I unlock my IPhone 6s with the same method moments before trying this worthless amazon app. No customer support, do not recommend at all! EBAY is the way to go!!
I used to love this app! I used it daily and it was wonderful for purchasing things on the go – I didn’t have to remember to buy things when I got home because I could simply purchase them via the app with one click while out and about.   In the last several months, however, I have had significant problems functionally using this app. I can still use this app to browse products, add things to my cart, check out reviews, etc. However, when I go to check out or look at my order history, the app gets stuck on the login process – after I put in my password, I get an error message: “sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.“  This is so odd because I can successfully add things to my cart - which must be linked to my account, because when I get home and check out on my computer, the items that I added via the app are there. I just can’t check out via the app and this has been going on for months. It is endlessly frustrating. I have all of the latest updates on my phone. My husband has the same problem and he has an older Version of iOS.  Amazon, please fix! 
Whenever I click an Amazon link in Chrome it opens in the Amazon app and then immediately opens Safari to take me to the Amazon web page.
Amazon has really bad customer service the supervisor Pau is the worst customer customer person they have. Don’t have a clue what Customer service mean. Fix the problem don’t make it worse for the customer. It need to get fired. To the CEO of the company need to get of  Pau from Customer service supervisor in Amazon. Want to bring your rating up start with that person in customer service supervisor Pau
I’ve been using amazon for a while and it was great with prime deliveries, but now 75% of the time I’m supposed to get my package within 2-3 days, it gets delayed another week.
Mine won’t even work with the latest update. Just keeps saying try again. I can log in fine on the same device, on safari. Please fix!!
Took me 45 minutes to order ONE ITEM. app was not responding. Had to keep writing in my info about 8 times. Almost gave up and went to a different website.
I like Amazon and I like what they are doing with Amazon Smile, but I wish Amazon Smile was available on the app.
I’ve use this app a lot, and I like it. Very easy to navigate and seems to have most everything I have needed. One thing that drives me crazy though is when the app shows a notification and you open it up, unless you know to go to the bell icon for the notification, you will look around for a very long time to try and figure out why you have a notification. Amazon., you need to put a notification symbol on the bill inside the app once you open it to see what it is you are trying to tell us.
Try to open my orders and it pops up an error. Same with account info. Congrats developers you have made the biggest web presence in the world useless.
Issue with trying to sort by Recent reviews vs Top reviews.  Tap the button to change to recent and screen goes grayed/highlighted but no option window comes up.
As off right now I’m on WiFi at home. Tried to go on lightning deals half of the page the items of pictures loaded, but as you scroll further, just blank thumbnails. Clicked on the item and it says still loading... all this happened after I updated the app.
I use amazon a lot, I really mean a LOT. With that said prime has let me down a lot too, getting worse too. Forget the delivery date they give you, missing more and more of those target dates lately. And while we are at it did you realize that some bad reviews on products they will not let you post, like getting obviously used poorly repackaged items sold as new???? Yea tried to post that twice and they wouldn’t let me warn others. Overall I’m seen using them, just highly disappointed in their delivery promises and their unwillingness to post negative reviews. 
The iPhone app works great still! However the app for iPad does not give you the option to update your account settings anywhere. Or if it does it’s incredibly difficult to find. I hate using my iPad to shop now. Please make it more user friendly. The apps vary greatly between those two.
I thought I was gonna love it then my orders gone day revise payment method and they never like it happens to everyone scammers
Prior to the last update, my app opened and loaded immediately. Since the update it often fails to load, offering up a message stating there’s a problem on their end. It happens too frequently. The search filter is limited, also. These problems are a deterrent for me to continue using Amazon to make purchases. That leaves me considering other merchants for my needs if Amazon continues with these issues.(And, yes, I am 100% positive the problem isn’t with my mobile device.)
I thankfully realize that I have been blest as a consumer and customer. The support given my account is impeccable and the updated apps with Prime Video and Amazon Fire TV have kept us away from unintentional spending; the people willing and able to become as little children... 
People have been asking for in-app Amazon Smile functionally for a while now. I haven’t seen any response from Amazon. I would use Amazon for many many more purchases if I didn’t have to do a clunky work around to use both the functionality of the app, and Smile at the same time.
I loved this app, but I no longer use it because it does not support AmazonSmile. Also, I cannot share products I found because the web link to products is never shown and there is no sharing button.
Please update for iPhoneX - Face ID does not work and no longer allows the app to sync with your account.
Well the app hasn’t worked right on my iPhone 7plus in months. Always has an error, something went wrong or still loading. Great when it worked. Please fix!!
I haven’t had this problem in the last that I recall, but now when I look at a kindle version of a book it has buttons to add to list, download sample, share book...but no way to add to cart or purchase.  Tried on both iPad and iPhone app. :(
Abysmal!!! Worst app I’ve had to use by a great company I just don’t get it. I just ordered something and it doesn’t take and I can’t see them in “Your Orders” but I get an email for them?
The Amazon app is not working for me since the last update. It times out or gives errors for almost every search I do. If I navigate from my browser, it will open a search result but then I can’t save it to a lost or buy it without getting an error. When I DO get search results, I can’t navigate to any of them without getting an error message. Uninstalled and reinstalled, no change.
Using the app to make purchases has always been very convenient and useful. Lately though? Not at all. I have to use the website on my desktop to actually place any orders because I can’t sign in. Touch ID doesn’t work, and when I type in the same password I use on the actual website it gives me the same message every time. “Something went wrong, try again later.” Every single time I try to buy anything or even just apply a gift card to my balance. Why do I even have the app still?
Only giving one star to get this fixed. This has been like this for months.  When trying to select recent reviews on a product the screen just darkens but no prompt comes up. I just want to see the most recent review in a product. 
The registry process needs completely revamped. I cannot even select items on my registry to edit/replace. This is specific to the iPad however I also experience lots of issues on both my iPad and tablet. Please fix.
Some could argue my review denies all the other wonderful aspects of Amazon, but the problem I’ve come across really ruins the entire shopping process for me.   Teen Prime. What a great deal, I get my own account with prime just because my parents own one. But I can’t shop on anything but the Amazon App. You’d think the solution would be share an account or make your own.   If I share an account I don’t get my own recommendations (which is an awesome feature). If I make my own account I don’t get the convient deals of Prime or have to buy an entirely new account with Prime.   If you’re going to offer this deal, why restrict it to just an app? Why would you limit it just the app? It’s disappointing that I cannot shop on the computer because I am on my computer more often than the phone and it is more convient to use. Additionally, there’s all sorts of plug-ins available on the PC to allow you find the best deals. I cannot use these tools on my phone.   I recommend Amazon and the Amazon app, but not the feature Teen Prime. It’s not worth it. Thank you for the amazing company Amazon but if possible, please fix this issue. 
Amazon Smile, while it only gives 0.5% of purchase to the charity of choice, is a program with a lot of potential. It’s unfortunate that it’s user-driven and web-only. Please make the option available for Amazon Smile contribution on mobile whether it’s an account toggle or a new app.   When you compare giving contributions to other big box retailers (cough Walmart cough), Amazon could do better. This feature is under utilized because it’s not available on mobile and not available from the main page. 
Trying to add new ship to address during checkout and the process starts over with the new address not saved.
I LOVE amazon and shop here all the time for what I need and even have there credit card, which I love. The only thing I don't on this app is there is no way to see my credit balance or a way to make a payment. I have to resort to getting out my laptop, logging in, and checking my balance and make a payment. I would love this app way more if I can check and pay my balance through the app. PLEASE make it happen
It extremely frustrating that I’m not able to download kindle material from the app.  I do most of my reading on my phone with my kindle app but adding new content is way more difficult than it should be.  Not only can it not be done from the app but it is also difficult to get to the full site from my phone because it automatically takes me to the app.  It’s not an option from the app menu either.   Quite frankly, you’re a billion dollar company on the cutting edge of technology.   This should not be a difficult thing to achieve.
I am extremely addicted to this app. Even when i am not ordering love to store things in my wish list. Or even create folders of different wishes i want. Especially with this new update amazon provided us for the use of this app has been a great positive change.
I check my email for tracking and Amazon suggests using this app. I came to download and see all these Negative Reviews...              Wow !!!  Does Amazon even care ??? It's gotta give pause to shoppers if they can't even navigate to purchase things ....  I just use the PC or MAC "when" it's convenient for me... which is obviously less than phone in hand. 
Can you please make a filter for items that you don’t have a prime membership for? I would shop Amazon like a mad man if I didn’t have to pay for a membership... 
Honestly I love this app because there is so much to shop through and this one of the best apps I’ve ever shopped in. I got a Xbox one headset for 25 bucks and in stores they’re like $100. This is one of the best apps that I’ve ever had I love it and I enjoyed it a lot! Thank You So Much Amazon!!!!
Amazing the almighty Amazon has an app that blows chunks. And no Chunks is not my dog.
I find the app useful but also very obnoxious. Anytime I got to daily deals and scroll, the images go blank once your start scrolling. Also I don't like that I cannot manage my rentals on the app.
Why does the new version have a notification flag on my phone and no guidance within the app on how to get rid of it?
2/14 Update: Still can’t search by just Prime or just Prime Pantry options, you have to look through both even if you’re only interested in one of the options. I also take issue with the horrible search sorting – sorting by anything other than “Relevance” yields significantly fewer results, and sorting “Low to High” is inaccurate. However, the biggest problem for me right now are the shopping cart glitches – where are my saved items? I keep having to close out and re-start just to complete simple purchases. Amazon, stahhhhp!  Can't sort by Prime (it won't load any products even if the first item listed was Prime), items aren't loading on search, the whole thing is just super glitchy. Please fix it, Amazon! And fix the Kindle app too, while you're at it. 
Every time I try log in, I get an error saying “Something went wrong.” I emailed Amazon support and never received a reply.
Come on- just get the app steady and functional! It would be fantastic if the list function actually worked. It would be great if deleting and adding and creating new lists actually worked.
The new update wont let me to sign in. It became useless for shopping unless i sign in from the browser
The videos start automatically and there is no way to stop them. It is on the main page.  They are getting annoying and I don't even want to go on the site anymore because of them.
If you have an iPhoneX, don’t get this: It launches and immediately displays a message “Please check your internet connection and try again” Amazing that one of the largest tech giants can’t make a functioning app with one of the most popular current phones 
Well, I love shopping at Amazon, but searching for products is a nightmare...  1. Price range not on the list, doesn’t appear until you select other filters and still (you allowed to select only couple options: above $50, above $200 and etc.) Where are fields to enter low and high ???  2. Sorting - absolute disaster (once you click sort by price or any, it removes 90% of results - Leaving you with crap which is not even relevant to the search.... 
Application is good, works well and easy to use. But i want an option to choose what shipping carrier service i want to use: FedEx is better for my country and UPS is the worst one, DHL is average and usually give me some trouble and so on. In this case, i prefer to use FedEx but there is no choice.  There is also one problem: users cannot use “Contact Us” menu from the application to chat to customer service (must be done through desktop computer).  Thanks 
Used this app for years till the past year. Won’t connect to the internet and say try again. Nothing wrong with my internet cause everything else works like usual. I’ve deleted and reinstalled countless times but still can’t use it.
Why of all platforms is the customer images for reviews missing from the ipad app?
There’s no way to turn off annoying promotional notifications Amazon insists on showing me for products I will never buy. So I’m uninstalling this app. Email notifications are all I need anyway.
Amazon, you rock. Amazon Prime rocks. It all rocks. Even the app. But ever since the update a few days ago I’ve been having issues. I can’t apply for the Amazon Visa card, I can’t see my order history, the update has made the app basically useless for me. And since I do most of my Amazon shopping via my phone, this is a big problem for me. Please fix this, Amazon!
I’ve recently placed a couple orders these past few months and I am a prime member. I pay the extra couple bucks for one day shipping and the package never comes what is the point of next day shipping if they never deliver on time?
THREE times now, I’ve ordered something from amazon to arrive at my school in Nashville but for some reason, Amazon keeps thinking I’m sending it to my house in Maine. I explicitly choose my Nashville address every time but regardless it arrives in Maine 2 days later. Im so freaking tired of this.
Stable, fairly easy to use and navigate, and has much (though not all) of the functionality of the web site.
Can no longer check order status or place an order in app. I have to login through an browser to do either of these things. I have tried on different devices with Touch ID and with Face ID neither works. This is a basic important function that needs to be corrected.
This has been a long time frustration...there’s no discernible way to connect the app to my smile.amazon account. Three stars as a result.
I really like this app, but prefer to use amazon smile.. hope soon this will be an option with the app.
I can’t filter by “discount” anymore.  This app is now useless to me since I always filtered by discount percentage
Until the most recent update I never had an issue on my iPad. I updated and now, even though I. Logged in, when I try to view my wishlist, it asks me to log in, with my fingerprint and 10 tries later I’m still getting the same error “something is wrong. Please try later”.  I can’t even type my password in
this app has really deteriorated and my days of using it are definitely numbered.  searching functions are not user-friendly and hide variables to search by when you have chosen others first.  you can forget trying to use it for movies now unless you know exactly what movies you’re looking for.  their coming soon filter shows every movie out there instead of ones that have never been launched.  i’ll do a general search for a movie and the one I’m looking for does not show up on the list. I will then do a specific search just for it and all of a sudden it shows up.  yesterday I tried to find a movie and couldn’t find it in the app.  I then went to Bing to look for it on the web and it directed me towards the Amazon app where it all of sudden appeared
Your share links are not consistent, they often share the wrong color or item. What I want is a URL Address at the top of every page, this allows me to share a page of finds, or the company’s selection of items.   Search is missing some search filters that once made it useful. I’d tell you what they were if I weren’t medicated. Yes, you can point and laugh and show your friends. But I would give everything I have not to have to be so f-ing drugged for pain. Anyways onto the rest of the review...  You need to know Search always throws in some items completely unrelated, as in, what does a spatula and other cooking/baking implements have to do with the stockings I am looking for?   Search often ignores the parameters I have set. You must believe that just because I am looking for a size 8 long-sleeve blue mid-length dress, I’d be willing to buy a size 4 sleeveless white miniskirt length sundress. Seriously, I don’t have time for this crap, cut it out! I don’t peruse Amazon for fun, I’m a woman on a mission!   And another search problem, sellers get around search parameters by posting low prices that are not quite true. After you open the page and feel you have found what you wanted, you click to add it to your cart, suddenly your item is far more expensive than you remembered it being!! What happened?  You go back to double check, that’s the real expensive price all right. You begin looking at all the other items, they are all expensive, except for ONE. One hideously ugly item that you would never buy, THIS one item is priced at the lower price that brought you in.   These search problems prolong my searching, there have been times I have given up and not spent any money because I just could not look at one more page. You don’t want to do this to people who do all their shopping here, (I’m disabled). We spend enough to be respected. 
On my mobile phone it is going very slow and won't let me search what I want I can't even press the cart or anything else
Amazon calls itself a tech company but cannot deliver an app that is fully functional. Oh, sure, you’ll be able to place your order and pay for it but you may not have the same features from one version to the next. The last update removed users ability to vote on whether a review is useful or to flag a review or even to report a product that is fake, dangerous, or raises other concerns. Also users ability to ask questions about a product is gone.   The app NEVER has offered all of the options that the website does. Nor do all the options offered even work. I seriously doubt that Amazon even tests their app. 
every time i try to order something from my amazon app, i hit the “proceed to checkout” button and it says “oops something went wrong, try again later”. well i haven’t been able to order anything on my amazon app now for awhile and i’m ready for y’all to fix the problem!!!!
I’m in the process of making a baby registry. First, when I click on items in my registry it will not let me view them. At all. Can not view size or any other details. Can not delete item. Nothing.  Second, I can not just add items to my registry. First I have to add item to a list. Then go into the list and “move” it to my “baby registry”.  A nice feature to add and I am so frustrated that it’s not a feature at all, I (and probably many other registry makers) would like to be able to go back through and group certain items together. For instance, I would like to group a specific shirt with a specific pair of pants with a specific pair of shoes with a specific hat,bibs, onesie, etc. Or a certain sheet set with a certain blanket. It would be easier for the gifters as well! No organization :( 
Annoying issue where you’ll search for something and it’ll say “no results.” This occurs when searching for non-brand name items. Quite frustrating.
The App works great, however, I think that they should include new and interesting finds on their home screen like they have on their website.
I got a new I phone. And tried to access my Amazon account. Could not do it, and the only me option available to was to set up a new account which I did. That gave me access to service or I should say nonservice. This should be a no brained.  My full name is unique as due to family name change I'm the only one on planet Earth.  One man added a second "S" in 1792. With the use of my updated genealogy I can find any Sharpless in existence. There are three Stephen's, but only one with the middle initial "H". DO AN ALPHA SEARCH AND RESTORE MY ACCOUNT
Every time I try to order something, my order gets cancelled. I love amazon, but this is making me very mad.
I purchased a 23 and me dna kit from an amazon seller for $156 and after sending my sample to the 23 and me company they emailed me to let me know my sample kit had been destroyed because it was originally purchased from the 23 and me web site with a stolen credit card by the amazon seller who then sold the kit to me, I reported it immediately to amazon and they found that it was not their fault that a seller that they backed had sold me a $156 useless product and thus I wasn’t due any money back, I was cheated by the seller and amazon, cheated out of hard earned money because they allowed a seller to sell stolen items, so BUYERS BEWARE OF AMAZON AND THEIR FAULTY A TO Z CHEAT PEOPLE OUT OF MONEY GUARANTEE
Is it just me or does iPad version for Amazon does not have customer images? It’s kind of annoying because it plays a big part in my purchases.
The app looks completely different this morning and I can no longer see at a glance whether I am signed in to my personal account or my business account or whether my husband is signed in to his personal account, etc.  so right off the bat I must start clicking and searching for basic info before I can even begin to shop.  Why?  And that’s just the beginning of inconvenient changes.  Using the browser until this app becomes more efficient.
I used to be able to swipe between credit card options for 1-Click purchases on the item page which was terrific and convenient. I now have to go to my account options and select between my saved credit cards, save my choice for 1-click purchases and then go back to the item page and use 1-click. I use different credit cards depending on what I’m purchasing. Why do I have to jump through hoops to use 1-click???
Why is it so hard to buy a book to read and connect to the kindle app from iPhone? I have everything set up yet there is no buy now button for the books I want. Ridiculous.
I live in rural Wyoming, so Amazon Prime is a way of life. Generally, my least favorite way to shop Amazon is on my iPad. The app is so glitchy and inferior compared with the desktop and iPhone experiences. For example, I have an active baby registry but when I view the registry on my iPad, I can’t access the item pages, purchase, modify, or delete the items. I can basically only view the list of items on my registry. If I want to make any modifications or view the individual items, I have to use my phone or computer. Totally inefficient.
If u need it "fine-fast-& foolproof" AMAZON is ur  #1 "GO TO" guy!  Their quality vendors, impeccable merchandise & services, & ultra-speedy delivery r 2nd to NO ONE. My brother, BRADFORD, is often referred to as the "AMAZON KING." Thank U Amazon 4 being THE BEST.
It’s amazon. It’s fine. You can buy anything and the government subsidizes each package to the tune of $1.47 or some such thing. We all know this.   My issues are these:   1. You can’t delete items in your order history. Yes I know you can hide them. So what. When you go to write a review the item appears again. I don’t need amazon or anyone else remembering everything I have purchased over my entire lifetime. Drop it after 30 days or some such thing OR at least give us an option. “Check this box to permanently delete this order. You understand doing so means you cannot return anything and all reviews associated with this order will be lost.” If I have had a product for 2 years and the warranty was 90 days why do I need it in my history if I don’t want it there? It is my account let me manage it.    2. What is going on with prices? I’m finding lower prices elsewhere online and even locally. That used to be a rare thing. 
This app used to work flawlessly. Recently, the app began saying “Something Went Wrong” every time it asks for a password, which is WHENEVER I want to buy something. I have to close out of the app and log in via browser and finish the purchase there. Why even have an app at that point?
Every time I sign in, the app says “something went wrong” and then freezes. I close the app, open it back up and the same thing happens. The app is very slow in addition to not properly logging me in. Love amazon, hate amazon app. Fix these issues.
They added Face ID and now I can't log into my account.
It will not allow me to assess my account, or see what I ordered on my iPhone 6+.
They pretend to be this great company with donations to the non-profit of your choice. If you use this App nothing you purchase benefits the nonprofit you have registered.  Seems slimy 
UPDATE: apparently iPad got the wrong app version with the previous update. The latest update fixed everything and it’s now like it was previously.  The latest update is terrible. I hate the layout and they took away the quick access buttons at the bottom of the screen. Also none of the option selections work when in/on an item page (eg. size, color, etc). The app might look more “modern” but it’s several steps back in functionality. 
The app is okay for shopping, but completely useless if you are trying to contact support. The chat interface is so broken that you cannot even select the text field to enter anything.
Hardly ever works, hardly ever shows pictures when searching, can never access My Lists, half the time won’t let me change sizes, add to cart, change colors, leave feedback....works less than 30% of the time
On this app I ordered toe cream and it accidentally got it on my pillow. After I  got back from paying taxes my cat lost all of its hair from sleeping on the pillow, but I did not know that. So I went to sleep and everything was fine until I took a shower and my hair fell out.
New version is full of bugs. Title bar is cut off, load time is crazy slow, REALLY poor effort by the iOS team.
Your tag line for the app reads, shopping made easy. LIE. If it were easy, I would be able to make purchases from the app, I can’t. Especially in particular, things from my wish lists.
I love the app but really wish you offered an app for Amazon Smile I love buying and supporting my charity.
The amazon app used to be a wonderful thing. I am not a “prime” member and I have been seeing a lot of issues with that. I feel like amazon is trying to force me into a membership. I have come across several items that I couldn’t buy because I wasn’t a “prime” member. I have also placed several orders in the last couple of months that have either never showed up or the delivery date has been pushed back by another week. This is starting to occur more and more often. I am disappointed in the way amazon is treating non “prime” members.
Love the Amazon app, BUT unfortunately if there was a way were I can buy digital music straight from the app INSTEAD of having to log into my laptop then Amazon would get 5 stars from me ! I can’t tell you how many times I’ve tried to buy digital music from the app and it tells me that I can’t do it from the app , then I have to log into my laptop to buy the music ( which isn’t very convenient for me all the time ) ... So hopefully Amazon will read this and make music buying from the app more convenient! Thanks ! ;) 
I ordered some pre-workout mixes purely because it was on sale for one day only. Then my package got lost. I understand, not Amazon’s fault and I’m not upset that it got lost. But my only option is to now get a refund. I don’t want a refund!! I want my items but now to get it would have to pay 40% more. Terrible service.
App stinks. They can update all they want, it doesn't help since SERVICE continues to go downhill. 4th time this year alone we've not received our guaranteed shipment as prime members. Great idea of having your own delivery service Amazon, & hiring dependable workers, working real well.  NOT! Customer service chat is so clueless, so useless & an absolute waste of time.   Another update, another issue. Now can NOT add anything to my cart! Errr! Says to select a size when a size is already selected & reselected!! What next.  Search suuucks! Type in a SPECIFIC item & get over 1,000 results - 90% which have NOTHING to do with my specific search. C'mon apply search intelligence!  Please fix the scrolling issues once again! It lags & lags! Get RID of the recommendations & what others bought - who cares?!! Hate that.  Read your feedback Amazon! Annoying that I Can NOT even see my full cart & what I have in it, will not scroll all the way down.  Get constant error codes. Oh & customer service chat - terrible! terrible service! Train your people better! 
Guaranteed delivery times seem to have no meaning whatsoever. It’s like there’s no guarantee whatsoever. App freezes a lot. Customer service slow.
Why is this app for iPad different than the iPhone app?  The menu drop down is better in the iPhone app.  If you make the iPad app the same, it would be improved and I would bump up the rating.
Option choose square totally broken
With the new update, the app now refuses to even open. I click on the icon, and nothing happens. I have tried to delete, and then reinstall, but no luck. Same problem persists. I have IOS 10.3.3 so I see no reason why it is now behaving this way. Likely one of the new updates. Previously, the app worked great, like it was supposed to. Please fix!
I’ve stopped using the app for purchases and only use it for exploring occasionally. An app needs to be able to access all features of a site if it wants to be successful.
You could use amazon to get things instead of going to the store. It’s just shopping from home. If you love shopping like me you have to get this app!! except my little sister once ordered a fingerling (a tiny monkey toy that plays on your finger) and when it came it had a red glowing light on the stomach  and looked like a McDonald’s toy so my mom called and they gave her her money back so you’re probably going to want to see what your getting.  P.S - my sister finally got a fingerling for Christmas. 
Amazon feeds my impulsive shopping habits and has everything I need. No issues with the app itself. The fifth star will come when I can BUY MY KINDLE BOOKS FEOM THE APP! It is a MASSIVE hassle to get a book I want to read Right Now (the mindset Amazon has so kindly put in my head) since I can’t get it on the app
Different screens will not load. I have reinstalled the app a few times and it still doesn’t work right. Especially when I try to view orders. This is only a problem on my IPhone the app works fine on my Android phone.
Shop here everyday! Great app great company!!! #PrimeMember
Can you add Amazon Smile compatibility. I’d buy more from the app if that was a feature.
Very good app and amazon the best goods and services of online marketing and shopping thanks for all teams in amazon
Books filter should include type of edition: paperback, digital, kinddle, etc Clothing filter should include type of cloath 
The best thing put the dash button in the home page. The only thing that they need to improve it when i do and order to asked for my fingerprints to complete the purchase thanks
I’ve been having a lot of trouble with the Amazon app lately. Currently, I am unable to sort by most recent reviews. When I click on the section to do so, it just gives me a gray screen. Please fix this!
This isn’t the 1st time I’ve had an issue with Amazon & not getting my products. They have changed to protecting their sellers more than their customers! Think before you buy anymore.
11.3.0 crashes when opened. Remove & uninstall fails by crashing when try to log in. Unusable
Everything was fine until the Feb 8, 2018 update.  Now the app closes a second after it opens on my iPhone 8.  Please fix this ASAP.
Will change rating when app is fix.
Since the last update the app continually crashes just after opening. Can’t do anything with it. I deleted the app and downloaded again with no change.
Newest update makes the app crash every time I open it. What’s going on?
Hey Devs...latest update crashes the app. IPhone 6 64GB latest version of iOS 11.2.5. Can’t use app any longer. Prime member as well.
Can’t even run the app. It crashes!!!! Please fix!
Downloaded the latest update.  When I open the app and try to get to lists (on iPhone), the app crashes.  Sometimes it just crashes after a few seconds of just being open.
Update is crashing on my iPhone X. Please fix.
Please fix. App crashes every time I open it.
App is crashing immediately after startup. Just started. Love Amazon!  Need to fix this!!!
Version 11.3.0 keeps crashing on my iPhoneX. It opens, goes to the homepage and immediately crashed before I can even click the search bar. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but it continues to happen. Please fix!
I always love using this app but today there has been this new annoying glitch. I open the app and then it immediately crashes. Tried reinstalling twice and resetting my phone. Nada. Until it gets fixed, 1 star.
Just updated my app and now it won’t let me on the app. Every time I open the app it just takes me back to my home screen.
Whenever I find a good deal and try to buy it the app always crashes
I use this app all the time and absolutely love it! However after the update the app closes instantly
Can’t do anything the app is crashing in about 20 seconds every. Single. Time.
Amazon no longer has free return shipping? Their prices also aren't the cheapest. There really in no incentive to shop on Amazon vs other major retailers. If I buy a product I don't like, depending on the price, I lose more then half my investment if I want to return it. Even if the product is damaged, I still have to pay return shipping. You also never know exactly what your going to get from the picture/description. I've always praised their customer service but in past months they have been willing to help. Products I have ordered from them have arrived damaged, late, or not shown up at all. I no longer associate the Amazon brand with good customer service, low prices, or efficiently.
Tapping the chat line when your keyboard is missing does not consistently work since the chat line is near the very bottom of the screen
Too many one click order buttons!I made a few orders which I did not intended to, because I clicked the buttons by mistake, or I didn’t know it would lead to an actual order without any further confirmation. I did not know I placed the orders until I tried to check my other orders’ statues, and sometimes it’s too late to cancel the wrong order
The app wont let me see my order history. As soon as i click on Order History, it will ask for ny password and after entering the correct password it will just keep loafing. I will have to click on some other tab and then back on Order history to see the list but as soon as i click on any past order, i will throw me back to Password screen and same thing will happen that it will just keep loading after the correct password entry. I also can’t change shipping method/speed through the app, if i click on the shipping tab, it will just take me back to my cart. It is so annoying. I have just started using the mobile web browser version instead.
Not great. To download a book to a Kindle you need to use the website in a browser because this app doesn’t work. (I had to use the help section to figure out why it wasn’t working.) and as long as the app was on my phone, I couldn’t use a browser because it kept automatically opening the page in the app.
I lost my job because I was shopping on this app and when you add something to the cart, Amazon obnoxiously thinks it's okay to vibrate your phone and this feature cannot be turned off. Needless to say my boss didn't appreciate the vibration that came from my obsessive online shopping disorder and fired me... Thanks Amazon!
After the latest update the app doesn’t let me open my orders tab or filter search results by price range like it did before.  Please correct this. 
The product is good is the price I was not to happy, these 2 items I brought was $45 and changed it up to $59 no, I’m not going to buy amazon again! Plus it was a free shipping and it’s not a free shipping, not going to shop there again.
Please add password protection to the app to avoid children accidently using it
The only thing that works on the app is buying stuff. If I want to access my account to manage anything it tells me something went wrong.
Amazon. I love your shopping choice. However I pay you every year to be a prime member for 2 day free shipping. And recently this has been hit or miss. I have a message saying if I order in the next 14 hours I get it by x day (2 days from now) and half the time now I don’t get it by x day. I’m lucky to get it a day after that. And I don’t live out in the middle of no where. I live in a decently populated area. So for that I am rating them and their app a 3 star because the choice is awesome. But it lies to me... :/
Please make a added feature to unlock the app with our finger thank you
I ordered a book on Amazon it’s still coming in but I can’t order anything else. I will select a size on an item but it keeps saying select a size when I click add to cart. I do not know how to fix it.
Ridiculous. App does not even link to the “shop nowL item being offered!
Updated Amazon and was going to make a purchase and app defaulted to main screen and I couldn’t return to my previous page. This has never happened on my iPhone. Very Buggy app ***UPDATE*** So far I’ve looked at two more items to buy and looked at the reviews and everything was wrong——the reviews were for different items.   DONT UPDATE THIS APP - ITS CRAP!!! 
I love using the amazon app to buy things and browse through products. I am also a huge fan of audiobooks and Audible. I wish that this app would allow me to buy my audiobooks, or use my Audible, free book a month, token. The app works amazing and is easy to use, but I just wish they would fix this.
Basically they took everything that made the iPhone app great and left it out of the iPad version.  You can’t view your cart as more than a drop down menu, and you can’t see photos on reviews.  Not worth it.
Amazon app on iPhone X is extremely buggy. While scrolling through deals section pictures of listed items show briefly then disappear. Also when you click on an item in deals section and then go back, it takes you back to the top of the deals list. Super annoying! Please fix!!
Since the update, the app won’t let me add clothing to my cart - I choose the size and the color and then click “add to cart” and it alerts me in red to choose a size, which I’ve already done. I’ve tested this on multiple items and it’s the same each time. It’s extremely irritating. The only way to add clothing to my cart now is to sign into my amazon account on safari and add the item there and then go back to shopping the app. I hope this is fixed soon, as I’m a frequent Amazon shopper, especially for clothing. We have a baby coming and my registry is on Amazon as well. So, I’ve been ordering a lot of items recently. I wish I hadn’t updated the app now, what a pain.
Like the title says, it never works over cellular network. Before I had tmobile and now with att still the same
I haven’t been able to login from the app for about 2 month every time I attempt to login I receive a message that says “sorry something went wrong, try again” with both username and password as well as Touch ID, I can’t make a purchase from the app anymore please address
Tried to buy a pair of shoes. Amazon has added new sizing help, but you can’t actually choose a size. Keeps popping up an error “need to select a size” even though I have. So it’s impossible to buy a pair of shoes. Amazon’s loss. I bought from another store. This is a bummer because I literally turn to Amazon first.
Great app to buy stuff from but read the bad comments first before purchasing  because there is a lot of scammers who have bots like the project but the project is trash and very dangerous. Amazon employees if you are reading this please ban the idiot scammers to help make this app way better.
I’ve been using the app for ages seamlessly. But now when I try to check on my orders it says “Oops. Something has gone wrong.” Every time. I came here to contact them and the button just ok me to information about the app on Amazon’s website. That’s not super helpful either.
New update won’t let me search, my “save for later” is gone, everything in the left-hand menus says “sorry, something went wrong. Please try again...”.
Amazon keeps making their app less useful. I would give it 3 stars, but I think that including outside ad banners is disgusting. I guess Amazon just isn’t making enough money off of us.
I’m trying to buy a shirt and when I choose the correct size and color it says ! Please select a size I already if this is not fixed I will switch to eBay
For about a month now there are times that I can’t place an order.  The photo of the item is blank but the description is there so I touch to see the item and still no photo of it but the details and everything else is there.   So I touch to order it and nothing happens.  I restart my iPhone 6 and still same problem.   My bill this month was $40.   I usually spend $100- $200!  That’s because I can’t place an order.  Your loss.  Hope it can be fixed.
I use exclusively on iPad.  The toolbar is gone from the bottom of the page, which was so much easier than the drop down menu.  When linking from ATK to buy recommend products the page doesn’t let me save item to my list.  It just circles and circles.  Plus the page looks completely different and navigation is wonky.  If I go in directly from the app it looks just the way it used to.  I have no idea where this dash board is in the app despite following the instructions in the help section.  There is no way to save something to my dashboard.  All in all it’s a bust.
I had a problem with connecting to internet but seems like its apple id issue. Love the 2 day shipping.
With the new app update I am unable to purchase through the app I have to log into a browser. It keeps telling me something unexpected happened. If I have to keep logging in through a browser there is no point in having the app.
While I love using the wish list, it disappears off my screen all the time. Tiresome having having to long press any item to pull it up, it used to always show.
I find most anything I look for at Amazon and exclusively use this app with no problems. Making, changing and even cancelling orders is a snap—as well as returning items bought. No complaints whatsoever. 👍
Everything is fine except the customer’s photos. The app doesn’t show any photos on iPad, only shows on iPhone. :(
Unable to make changes. I.e.  cancel 1-click. Somehow everything I order is duplicated. About to stop using Amazon.
Amazon is horrible to not let me and others cancel their orders before it even ship shame on you amazon shame on you!
For the past week I’ve been very frustrated with the app. Whenever I try to view my orders or make a purchase and I have to put my password in, a little box pops up that says it encountered a problem. I use amazon on my laptop and my desktop with no problems and I know I’m using the correct password. I want to be able to view my orders and make purchases on my phone because it’s the most convenient. Can you fix this please?? It’s SO annoying!!
I can’t review products unless I spend $50 on a valid credit/debit card? Gift cards and my amazon store card (that I’ve had for 8 years doesn’t count)? This is THE dumbest thing I’ve ever heard of. I should be able to share my opinion about products no matter how I purchased them!!
Consistently just get a white screen when trying to use the app. You are better off just using their mobile site. Worst app on my phone.
This used to be reliable but lately it’s buggy. Search results take forever to load and error messages pop up frequently. I’d never shop at amazon if I had to rely on this app and this experience is leaving a bad taste so that I don’t want to seek out alternative ways to buy from amazon. I can get what I’m looking for from target or bed bath and beyond. The app was part of the convenience. Without that why bother?
The new update is more time consuming.  Where is the “clear my search history” feature?  Don’t want to see other stuff I am no longer interested in on the home page.  Why remove the quick buttons across the bottom?  They were so easy for navigation.  The new colors are also a real turn off.  Please remove or make optional the “add to wish list pop-up.”  It is REALLY ANNOYING when it pops up because I held the item too long when scrolling.
It has been ages since the update that prevents you from actually ordering anything or checking on your orders. It just puts you in an endless loop of trying to sign in and being told something is wrong. And more bad news if you use Amazon to sign into your good reads account well that's broken too.
all versions didn’t show the full price with tax and shipping costs on the last step  i talked to customer service and they told that i’m right and we will fix the issue   still now not fix 
I spent waiting for my phone calls twice over 2 hours. I asked for phone call now. Disgusted I used the chat room and got the best service ever. Resolved my problem in ten minutes. I’m going to use them from now on. The letter from amazon was too long and sorry was not enough.
The app works fine. Not great. It’s still easier to go to the mobile site than trying to do anything with my account in the app. Entering my password never works the first time, and I usually have to refresh to get to my orders. It has some wrinkles that need to be smoothed, and until then, I’ll just go to the mobile site for anything account-sensitive.
When searched today deals and looking into an individual product's page. You lose your place and have to filter all over again. I just use a browser so I can look at many products and use the app to track packages.
If you select an item with various options (color, size, dimensions, whatever), the touchscreen scroll doesn’t work. It scrolls the window behind the size selector modal. Please fix! This is incredibly frustrating!!!
Since the new update, I am asked to login anytime I want to do anything within my account other than browsing. Great. No problem. I’m glad my information is secure... but then I get a notice saying, “Sorry. Something went wrong. Try back later.” I can only purchase items from my desktop which makes having the app on my phone worthless.
Login causes some error and not able to make a purchase.
Where do I start? The layout is clunky and requires an extra step in the drop down menu to go anywhere off of the home page, & you can’t enlarge by tapping pictures anymore- it’s a pain in the neck to have to zoom in and out instead of a quick tap. But my biggest complaint is that on the deals page I can’t choose a size or color- when I tap the arrow, it “blinks” but doesn’t give a drop down for a choice. In other words, if you have to make any choices before ordering, you might as well forget it. Haven’t tried on the other pages yet, but if they are the same it needs to be fixed if you want any orders! Very disappointed- I shop using this app frequently, but will stop if it’s too frustrating to use.
Got ahold of one person was told I was getting a refund for a shirt I never received. Got an email the next day explaining my refund and how it would take 3-5 business days for it to show in my account. They filed a claim for something I haven’t even opened yet. Then I message customer service and explain I’m getting refunded for the wrong things-not fair to that company to take a hit-and the customer service person tells me it’s a “third party” problem and he’s sending me a link to file a claim. I tell him he needs to take care of it, it’s their responsibility. Low and behold in the email it says to get ahold of Amazon’s customer service department for help to file the claim. Very poor customer service for people who order off of amazon all the time
Searching and viewing products works great. When I try to checkout I receive an error message after putting in my password. I am unable to purchase any items from the app and am forced to resort to the website.
It doesn’t show up on the up anymore!! I have to go on my computer and use google chrome to be able to see it, but now it’s gone on the app! It was fine 3 days ago now it disappeared
Amazing app, I buy everything frequently from mobile Amazon, particularly stuff from Daily Deals, only bug I sporadically see is product images disappear when I’m deep down in the default list view. Please fix and maybe even add a feature to save place (in list) and deep link back to same spot after a time sensitive LD checkout.
You cannot add items to your baby registry on the iPad version of this app. It works on the iPhone app just fine.
I want to continue searching as I’ve not found what I’m looking for and this amazon app just stops showing me items. Like here witch, these were good enough. If I have to open up a computer? I’ll order from Walmart
Top part of app overlaps with time on phone battery etc. makes it harder to tap on the back arrow and other things atop the app.
Avoid. This version loads very slowly on my recent-generation iPad and iPhone. Shopping from a web browser on the same devise is a much better and faster experience.
First, why can't I buy the books I want via your app. That makes no freaking sense. Just like I can't buy audiobooks through the Audible app. Great job!  This is by far the worst shopping app out there. I can't see previous price points on items with price drops. This app crashes from time to time. You can't exit out of one list and go to another without shutting the app down completely.  Amazon, if you want me to use your app, make it user-friendly. Don't just ignore the negative reviews because you're Amazon. This app is a complete waste of space.  I check my lists everyday for items for price drops I may want to buy. Take this to heart, your app doesn't make this user-friendly. In IOS I set up my lists via Safari so I can just open directly to the set perimeters. Then you screwed that up too (in ALL browsers) and desktop too. Fix your crap. 
This app, while offering gorgeous design, cannot complete the singular purpose of Amazon: to purchase a product. I've never once been able to complete an order, always getting some error message and being forced to wait until I can get to a computer. I expect better; this is such a disappointment.
Good app but should be able to access Amazon smile
Hi there a strange behavior on Amazon app when I want to view the shipping thing information some normal select and not normal view and there a video demo that have problem when I click play arrow and went back to home view and I keep try click and it went back to original home on app weird behavior please fix that situation ASAP thanks
For some reason the idiots “updated the app to look like the web page but without the functionality! Previous version could access the deals or orders directly from a bottom banner—-no more. But the real killer is that they added a glitch that inactivates the option buttons when you want to select a size, Coker or other option. So you have to open the web page to order. 
I had an account and I had used a $50 gift card I used some of it but after a few months of not using the app all my information was gone to my account event my money. I had some help but it still isn’t fixed. However amazon is a good shopping app.
a) why can i only use this if i'm on wifi? b) the add to wish list option is text and not styled as button.  please fix these problems. 
The CALL ME feature loops and starts over vs initiate a call. Your artificial intelligence on chat can not understand call me. It also does NOT recognize a phone number when it asks for a number.  Your app turned on Prime Pantry... I did NOT.  As a consequence I cannot place an order because it wants me to order hundreds for a grocery order, I guess. Your app pops a welcome line at the top of the page. This drops the app down the page. You cannot scroll down to CUSTOMER SERVICE, because it is now off the screen because your app places a welcome message at the top.
I’m tired of finding knock-off items with bogus reviews.   Amazon, you need to do something about this NOW.   ALSO. Fix the notifications. Why is there always 1 notification that won’t go away. 
Considering its an app from one of the biggest companies, it’s pathetic.  Only button works 100% without fail is ‘buy’. The rest, only works when it feels like it.
This app tells me “oops, something went wrong” anytime I try to do anything besides browse. Or it just keeps taking me back to my cart after I choose my delivery address. I end up having to use safari to order anything.
I was done with my selections, but it would not let me buy it Scrolling down, I saw one ad after another loading. Five minutes later, I gave up and used Safari! After I placed  My order in Safari, I went back to the Amazon Ap, and it was still loading ads!  Search is real slow!  It doesn’t use my charity Amazon version! I can’t find reviews!  I had to use safari to get the specifications.   I’m probably deleting this soon, I’ll give it one more update! 
Some odd reason won’t allow me to cancel an order the same day I purchased an item, can’t search items within the price range anymore. And also the product will display a price and then suddenly changes when you clock on the item to view it or when selecting other options from other sellers. Needs a lot of improvement for an app that’s been around for some time. Until my review stays at two stars, when changes are up to date- I’ll hopefully give a positive review.
App is fine for browsing & adding things to your cart, but if I ever try to check out, I get asked to log in followed by an error message “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” I don’t think I’ve ever successfully checked out through the app.
This app used to be really good, but lately it is horrible. I can’t actually buy anything from the app. It just doesn’t respond when I click the order button. I have to use my desktop computer to complete.  And now, whenever I try to add something to the cart, I keep getting pop ups saying that something went wrong and it cannot complete the request. Also, sometimes it will not allow me to select other options for a particular product. I’ve tried uninstalling the app and reinstalling, but still have the same problems. You’d think as big as Amazon is, they’d have someone capable of developing a workable app.
App goes into an endless loop when I try to check out. Perfect way to stop me from buying anything, ever!!!!!!!!!!
The latest update on this app is not good.  While looking at an item, I can’t pick a different color or and quantities to purchase. There is an arrow for selecting the color or quantity but it doesn’t work. I have to go to the online store (not the app) to select color or quantity.  I really hope they fix this.
Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again. Sorry something went wrong. Please try again.
The latest update’s call me now button doesn’t work. Every time I click it, it just keeps looping back to the selection of questions as to why I am calling. Very irritating!
Everything loads extremely slow or sometimes not at all with this app. If I’m connected to my VPN it will not work at all which I find strange when all my other apps work just fine.
I continuously get “sorry, something went wrong”. Can’t order, have to use the mobile site. The app doesn’t load most of the time, and always asks for my password over and over. Frustrating, haven’t used it to order in quite some time. When I do the update and go into it, nothing has been fixed.
It has been a while that I couldn’t submit orders using app. It kept sending error message after I typed in login info. After put items in cart it looked ok until I clicked “submit order”. It came back to the same page without submitting the order. I sent feedback to amazon and was told they were aware of this issue, but it has been weeks and I still face this problem. I just deleted this app.
If I could give a 0 Star I would! This new app is horrible every time I try to sign in it states sorry something went wrong! I’m fixing to do away with Amazon and their Prime that really is a joke to begin with
Ever since the previous 2 updates, when I try to log in, it’s says “oops something went wrong” and then is stuck on the “still loading....” page. I know I’m using the correct password cause I can login on the website. I can’t order or track an order from the app, I have to go to the website to do both. Very frustrating.
My only complaint currently is that Apple Pay isn’t a functional option for me. I use it everywhere else and up to a month ago used it on here. Now there is no way to use the tool that I feel is very secure and safe with my money. Any feedback on what has transpired with this problem would be greatly appreciated.
Let me start by saying I used to absolutely ADORE this app. However, in the last few updates everything has gone to hell in a hand basket. Adding items to the cart? Works just fine. Purchasing said items in cart? Nope. No can do. Every time I click on the place order button, it acts like it’s processing the order then just reverts back to my cart with the items still in it. The only way I can purchase anything is if I use the one click option. Also, the app will randomly ask me for my password when I have been logged in and using the app for some time and then tell me its wrong. Yet nothing changes except I have to force close the app and start all over because it\'s stuck in this stupid password glitch. Same thing happens whenever I try to look at anything with my account. It will ask for a password and tell me it’s wrong or that an error occurred and make me force close.
Please calibrate customer service chat for iPhone X. It was very frustrating trying to send a message, but needing to click above the box for it to actually work. Other than that, the app is great!
The new App layout is utterly abysmal on iPad, with inconsistent font sizes (often too small), sloooow scrolling, and size/color pull downs that don't work AT ALL. Whiskey Tango, Amazon?! I thought you wanted to sell stuff, but you're actively keeping me from buying with this terrible app. Stop making my stock devalue!
My parents and I each have separate amazon accounts and I frequently need to sign them in to theirs to help use gift cards or order household items. The process of signing in and out is a bit tedious. I don’t think the sign out button should be hidden under a second, separate settings menu. It should be the first option in the menu. It would also help me to avoid buying something with the wrong account.
App won’t let you click on and use your reward money after update happened
Current app doesn’t support fingerprint access on iPhone 8plus. Every time I try to sign in or check out, and I’m prompted to submit my fingerprint, I receive and error code that something went wrong. I’ve uninstalled this app 3 times. It’s terrible. I fix needs to come soon. I’m an avid amazon shopper. The ease of this app is necessary.
The last changes in this app are making me so frustrated when trying to search for any item. Sometimes the filter button disappears and I’m not available to find what I’m looking for. Frustrated and disappointed 😠😒😒😒😩😩
Was great app, but it would not let you browse more than one page at a time; when looking at a certain sellers products.
Ever since your last update whenever I sign into your app on my phone I get a message that says something went wrong and to try again later. I am writing this here because I couldn’t find anyplace to submit feedback on it.
Works like the Amazon website except for problems with notifications.   I keep getting messages that my parcel will delivered after it was delivered.   In addition on both my iPhone and my iPad touch ID simply does not work therefore I can only add items to my shopping cart and then I have to log into my PC to actually complete the order. 
The latest update is TERRIBLE. Lost the menu at the bottom which I used all the time and no way to add it back. App freezes constantly and have to close out and reopen. Who thought this was a good idea?
They routinely take your money, send you empty boxes or the wrong thing, and then leave the ball in your court to print stuff and return it just to get your money back. Zero help. They are diliberate lay unhelpful in hopes you will give up and let them keep your money. Happens all the time.
Since the last update my ability to log on with the fingerprint reader has stopped working. I cannot get it to work anymore. I am deleting the app and just using the website to access Amazon. Worthless.
The latest app update for iOS is pretty bad.  It feels like mis understood mobile web experience.  Amazon is amazing .. but your apps are not good.  Prime video is pretty good but the ecommerce app for iOS seems to have suddenly been handed off to a naive dev team that thinks a mobile web experience is ok.  This goes to iOS App Store as well.  This comes from a $200 plus monthly spender on Amazon. Dwayne Crocker 
I liked this app before the last update.  Now it is awful.  I cannot see reviews, prices, or much of anything when I am shopping for merchandise. Also, when I try to buy Kindle books from a Apple device it tells me I cannot make purchases.  😮
I’ve never written a review here on the App Store but I just wanted to say that whoever came up with the idea to add a little map in ‘track your package’ and give you real-time updates on your delivery is a genius. Best feature ever!
The new format is okay with one exception...NO MORE BROWSING HISTORY!!! I’m a 60 year old person that more and more often need to be reminded of the things that inspire me. With no option to look at my long time history, I find that my purchasing intentions are severely blocked. BRING BACK THE HISTORY OPTIONS!!!
I do not like that you have to pay for shipping the item back I had to pay $6.00 for shipping it back and that’s exactly what I paid for it so what’s the whole point on returning something if u DO NOT like either way your not getting your whole money back and before it used to be free to return something back but now I DO NOT LIKE AMAZON because of that reason now I am not getting my money back because that’s what it costs for shipping 😡😡😡☹️☹️
This is an edit and an important feature is missing for a while, when you click on your orders you use to be able to see preparing for shipping and not shipped yet and system now also delivered. This was a much better layout then having to click your order then go to details to then only see what you could of by just clicking your orders.  I knew from the beginning that the iPhone app differ slightly from the desktop website, it never bothered me that much until it affected my orders section on the iPhone app. Instead of just clicking once to see the order details I now have to click twice to get to the same place, even when just screening the my orders page is such a pain as it offers no details only when the item is suppose to ship or arrive. I would like to know where the my orders with more detail is. Well it seems now that when you delete the app and reinstall and sign in the my order page with more detail comes back, for how long I don\'t know. This unweary randomness is really annoying, each time you sign in its basically a roll of the dice the way the layout of your orders page will be viewed. 
The app used to be great, now is slow and just constantly “hangs” on product I am looking. It’s become too busy. Amazon I know you want me to buy stuff but if you keep adding “features” for me to save things it’s just too much. Please make it snappy like it used to be. Otherwise I might as well shop at Walmart. Seriously their online portal has been improved. I know you can beat them.
If you are traveling and your account is only with phone and you forgot your password you can’t use nothing and you cant notify any of your orders
Very difficult to follow what you have ordered in this latest version. I doubled ordered, because it wasn’t clear that the order had been placed. A orders pending on the app would be helpful.
The app is great except for the fact I can’t order Kindle books which I do a lot. What’s up with that Amazon?
The latest update has made it so that I can’t select the pull down menu for size, color etc on some items! Some items are shown the way they used to be and I can access these pull down tabs. But.......some items are displayed in a different way and I cannot use the pull down tabs for size, color etc. Please fix this! I am unable to buy an item I want because of this problem!!!!!!
Can no longer sort my wishlist by price drops. Please bring it back!!! Also when you add an item to a wish list, there's a little box that pops up. Even if you close the pop up box, it stays open everytime you add something to your wishlist. 
With the latest update the app is more like an iPhone app than an iPad app. It's less usable, more things are hidden. The old layout was MUCH easier to use and navigate.
I love the app aside from the fact that it doesn’t allow you to buy or add Digital Items of any kind to your wish lists. True Support for All Digital Items for mobile device users would be really nice.
In the last update, I noticed it was completely different and come to see it was the iPhone version.  And it didn't work too well on the iPad - Drop downs no longer work at all, so you're stuck with whatever the initial choice is.  I fixed it by deleting the app and re-installing it.  And sure enough I got the iPad version of the app back.  Whew!  Close one. 
Amazon is really good but why it doesn't send things to the iran,it send things to everywhere except iran,that's the only bad point.😭
The last update was a nightmare, can’t sign in. Always getting an error that reads something went wrong. Stop trying to fix what was never broken!
The ap is great except for the fact I can’t leave feedback on some items. There is no option.
What happened to the kindle store app? I have kindle store app on my old iPad. Why would you design an app that won’t allow customers to buy kindle books on their iPad? I hate this app. I hate the new kindle app. I’m so angry I cancelled my pending orders to subscribe and save, books   Going to B& N to buy books tomorrow. Had it.
So as you are reading this review keep in mind that I love Amazon. I have prime and I use it regularly. I love the app for my iPhone. However The app for iPad ...... needs some serious help. You cant add items to registries easily. When I opened it I felt like I had my old bar phone trying to look at a website 7 years ago. I’m going to be deleting it and just using the browser from here on out. Please Please PLEASE work on it. Thanks.
Purchased something with prime membership, selected the two day prime membership shipping, received the package four days later. Cancelling prime.
No option to leave seller feedback in app. Cannot do in mobile either. MUST BE ON DESKTOP? FIX FIX FIX!!!
The reviews option tab (Top / most recent) does not work.  It’s not letting me change to most recent. And I already tried closing & reopening the app. Please fix.
Everyone needs to see their order status in two places.....right?
I love using amazon to shop online, and I usually use my mobile device, more specifically, my iPhone to access my account and order. I used to be able to see my prime account from my iPhone app, but I am not able to access it anymore. I really need to be able to, do I can see when the payment will be deducted etc. can you guys put that back please?
Amazon has been horrible to me! This app has been a nightmare!  I have been removed for “unexplained “ violations or breaking “community guidelines “ that NO ONE FROM AMAZON can seem to explain....  They also pulled over 1/2 of my reviews...  Thanks Amazon! 
First time using the "New and Improved" version... but why blue green???  You should offer color theme option in settings!!
I used this app for a couple of years and had no problems until I’ve recently made purchases and my account gets locked. I thought I forgot the password and went through the reset process, but I can’t access my account because of security reasons, very confused on how and why my account is locked. I put in my billing and address in, I’ve confirmed that everything is mine months ago. Once I get my account locked I have to do everything again, and wait additional days to confirm its mine again. I’ve made purchases that was as cheap as $25, but when I try to buy my college textbooks which is about $100 or more, this is when the problems occur. This app is frustrating and problematic.
Some products have a video and when the new update those videos no longer play on the iPad. I thought it was just me so I restarted my iPad. Today I was looked at a totally different product and the same thing happens; when I click the video the screen goes all white and it takes me back to the home page. It’s frustrating
All of my orders so far have been delivered as promised and in optimal condition. For the 1st time the other day I reached out to Amazon online re. a question/concern. Rep answered immediately via chat, solved my issue, and was very professional and courteous. Definitely more pleasant than some of my “in store” shopping experiences!!
Sometimes looking for things that you may think are in just about any store or not anymore there online.Amazon is uber-cool ever since shopping online was the power move! Pioneers at it. Once searching for a case for my iPhone SE. They had plenty of topnotch Cases an screan protection at Amazons ridiculous prices, Nuff said.
I make a lot of purchases from Amazon... The latest update totally clutters the screen with distracting pictures of items they are trying to sell you.  Some of the shopping filters are missing.  It’s more like a high pressured shopping advertisement than a useful tool to make Amazon purchases!
After the latest update, I can no longer use the fingerprint reader to sign in.   Also ... when are you going to create an app for Amazon Smile. 
I opened this app this morning to find the interface less robust-like using it on my phone and not my iPad.  WHY?! I spend a lot of money on Amazon and expect more than the current sub-par iteration of the software installed.  Go back to the previous app or you're losing a customer. 
I get REALLY tired of my shipping preferences being shifted to standard from free when I try to correct or change my order. Really guys it l hate ordering from you and find myself using jet more and more.
Can’t check on my order status. Whenever I click to go to my orders I get an unknown error.
I keep on trying to place an order but the screen just goes back to the cart page. Iphone x can't place an order
(January 30th 2018 i’am adding to this review)  IAM DONE BUYING FROM THEM! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE Amazon gave me a fake tracking number for my package, lied about it when I emailed them, took a month to receive the item, fake tracking on the package doesn’t say who it came from AND VERY SHADY THAT I CANT MESSAGE THE SELLER!  Amazon always removes my reviews that are less than 4 or 5 stars or hides them when they are verified! so you cant see the real reviews, it’s NOW January 26th 2018 still cannot write a review for a product I PAID for they only “approve” reviews that are 4/5 stars and the ones that are paid “I got sent this product for free” = 5 star review 
I do a ton of shopping using my iPad mini 4 via the Amazon shopping app.  The newest version basically makes it impossible for me to continue to do so.  I am not able to choose colors, sizes or number of items.  I can no longer expand the photos of items in order to read the details.  I cannot add items to my wish lists.   Who tested this app before going live with it? That QA dept should be replaced
Ok- not sure what I was looking at this morning. The app was all in blue and difficult to navigate. Now I just went on my app and it’s back to normal. I don’t get it but I hate the version that’s all in blue.  From this morning (blue app): Can’t navigate as easily in previous version. Took me 10 minuets to figure out how to sign out. Really hate how the app is set up. Liked previous version much better. 
Look like the shopping list at the bottom disappears after the update.  I can’t find the setting to enable it.    It is very convenience to have that list there so I can drag shopping item there for quick review and comparing at a later time.   Please put it back or provide an option to enable it.  Thanks 
I adore amazon but this app is super buggy - it won’t let me log in or place any orders. If it worked properly it would be 5 stars.
Window shopping!!!! Didn’t have a chance to purchase them!!! And I got destroyed by your... messing my phone device.... cost me  my phone!!!   Thanks
Every time I click on a video for a product, it takes me back to home page. Have to restart my search.
One of my biggest complaints with Amazon is the pop up ads in my browser telling me I can get “x” amount of reward dollars by answering these few questions! Then you have to end your search and start a new one only to have it happen again and again and again...! I deleted the app and refused to use Amazon altogether, but have decided to reload the app and see what happens. Amazon 2.0
I have always used and enjoyed the Amazon app and spend thousands of $$$ each day year...until now! Thanks to the horrible “enhancements” in this latest update, I can no longer select product options from drop down lists (like color, size, etc) nor can I zoom in on most product photos like I could just last week. All from my iPad, just as I had always done before - but now you’ve rendered the app useless to me. What the heck, Amazon?!?!
Major problem: Cannot use pull down menus on any item pages.   Also seems like a big waste of space horizontally which also means I have to do much scrolling for info. 
Make it so you can’t change what card you are using on the iPad. It’s got the one click pay option when I want to use different cards.
Nothing will ever load within the app. I click my orders and it always fails. When I search within the app nothing never loads
This app is my number 2 shopping app I use for all time but just need to add more things in there, not much option lol. Maybe a little more about Asian stuff? Since me and all of my friends r recommended by me using the app! I love how it’s primed, but NEED MORE products and things are little pricy. Thx
The previous app version was clean and streamlined. The efficiency of it made shopping with the app easier without navigating to a drop-down menu. Please reconsider previous version.
I do not like the new interface without the shortcut icons on the bottom. Also, Why are customer images NOT viewable in the app? 
UPDATE: The new update is much better, as long as I’m not purchasing something that has pull down menu options (size/color etc), because it won’t open the menu. So my options are to either buy whichever color is preselected, as far as clothing or items that have nothing preselected I have to go to the website to make my purchase. I love that customer review images are showing on my iPad now, this is great so I no longer have to use my iPhone to see those. Keep up the improvements and bug fixes. 👍  The newest update has fixed the ability to select options and pull down menus. It is still having issues scrolling through pictures of items, it will show the first image, and then when I scroll sideways to look at other images of the product it just shows a loading symbol and doesn’t load any more images. Otherwise it is working much better. I am really missing the customer review images on the iPad app though. I hate shopping on my iPad, and then having to pull out my iPhone to be able to see the full reviews with any customer uploaded pictures.   Original review: This app has become unusable since the last update. I can’t select options in the pull down menus, it’s extremely slow and doesn’t load properly, I have to use the regular website to order and view items. 
Thank you, thank you, thank you for FINALLY adding a back button that consistently works and goes all the way back through my searches. This was the one thing I needed to make this app close to perfect. Yay!
Order tracking seems glitchy two items I ordered have been delivered to my house and I have them but amazon says they are still being shipped and two of my orders that are being shipped haven’t had the tracking updated for five days which is weird I mean that’s basically saying it’s gone nowhere in five days
App works as advertised. Great for looking up for and buying everything you can from the website. My biggest gripe is that the shopping cart gets emptied out between the web and my iPad/iPhone. It’s really annoying to have a list of things in the cart in one place, see the number of items in the cart icon (on my iPad), the see it go to zero when I open the cart on my iPhone. Weird bug - please fix!
Hard to navigate. No consistency on product page layouts. Inconsistent font sizes. No more easy access menus. Can’t find where to clear browsing history. Overall nothing more than anon stop ad pushing anything but what your trying to find!
Overall this is a great app, easy to navigate, search, etc. I would give it 5 stars buuuuuuut......With that said I couldn’t tell you how many times I’ve accidentally hit the buy now button and am left scrambling to cancel the order.  Not to mention it doesn’t show up in the cart that you even clicked on it in the first place. PLEASE FIX THIS AMAZON!!
What happened to the bottoms on the bottom?  It was so easy to check the status of orders - just press the “your orders” button on the lower right.  Now you need to go through the menu.
The new layout for the iPad is terrible. I stopped using the app on the iPhone because of the way it’s laid out now it looks like I’ll delete the iPad one as well. What happened to my viewing history? I rather have the buttons on the bottom than have to go through multiple menus. If I search my purchases if I want to do another search I have to completely close out the app, reopen it and try again. If I attempt to see top selling products from a seller it encounters an error and tells me to try again later. A whole area is dedicated to Amazon restaurants and you don’t even have one in my state. Pics and videos are no longer available in any review area. If you attempt to view a video from the manufacturer the app crashes. The blue bar at the top wastes a lot of space (probably could have but my viewing history option in the white space) is just annoying and is an abhorrent color. If you hit the wrong button you have no way of going back, you have to go through the entire process to get back to where you were (another reason for a viewing history button). The photos in the apps description are not accurate representations of this app. Roll it back and try again.
I love amazon, and this app is great it has everything you need all in this app
The links in the app don’t allow users to find to information easily.  I want to find how to view or manage my prime subscription and set up notifications before renewal.  The default is to not notify users before the automated renewal.   Making purchases & finding orders— EASY.  Finding needed settings options— TERRIBLE  To find amazon prime option settings I looked under “notifications”, “your account “, “account settings”, “memberships & subscriptions “, “settings”, .... Obviously, I’ve overlooked the link.  I guess I’ll go to my desktop computer to find the link. 
I can no longer look at my previous orders! Everytime it asks for my password and says and error has occurred and won’t let me view anything!
The app disappears off my iPhone 7. I have to download the app every single time I want to use it. A little bit inconvenient. I’ve tried everything including calling Amazon but they couldn’t help me.
There is a keyboard bug on my iPhone X. When you contact to customer service via Chat online. The keyboard will only show up one time, if you minimize that, then you are not able to open the keyboard again. You need to close the whole app and restart it.
All of a sudden the heading of the app changes to a green bar the ability is gone to log in or out. Twice I have deleted it and will not shop on Amazon anylonger
Sort by price when there are 10,000 products, is not an option. Filter by price needs to exist. It is a really easy and simple feature. I will change my rating once I can do this on every search.   Full screen cart for iPad. I don't need little windows to open up and stuff to be super fancy. Sometimes I am trying to compare the cart to wishlist items like I can on a full screen cart, but not in the iPad app.   Allow me to download all of my wishlist and save for later history. There is a reason it was in there and now I have to fire up a computer to buy something. 
Previous app not that great to begin with but workable. Latest update added “fancy” background but made the app worse. Difficult to get info on items including Best pricing and ratings. Seems like the whole idea is to encourage one to make an impulse buy with as little information as possible. Going back to the website on my IPad.
Why try to fix something that’s not broke? This new app is terrible. It’s much harder to navigate. With the previous one everything that you needed to navigate was at the bottom of the page. Now you have to tap here then tap there and tap tap tap! Come on Amazon. What kind of knot heads do you have working there? Do you even consider your customers or do you just want to have something for your techies to screw up....again.
‘Swipe Right’ [to go back to the previous page in the app] does not work after you drill down into ‘Description’ or ‘Features & details’ sections of a product page. It seems to correctly on from other pages.  Please fix this issue on these pages.  Also it would be great if you could swipe down on the enlarged product photos to return to the main product page; similar to how swiping down on a photo in the iOS Photos app allows you to return to the Album View. 
The old app had a menu at the bottom of page. The new one uses the three horizontal bars for the menu symbol which some casual users may not know.  The FLAW in the new app occurs when viewing watches.  If you click on the picture of the watch to see a rotating view of the watch that is what was seen with the old app.  When clicking on same with the new app it takes you back to the main menu and you have to start all over. 
I can’t access the wishlist tray anymore. It’s just gone.  Is it disabled now? Or gone? 
My mobile app stopped working in December after I reached out to support I’ve been told that it’s a known issue and they are working on a problem. No update since then. The app crushes every time I’m prompted to enter my password.
Need someone to talk or email someone. Can’t sign in
1. Last update removed the browser history, along with the ability to remove items from the history.  Sometimes I look at an item, but do not want it, or associated items, from showing up on my home page.  Why do developers change things without actually thinking about what the customers might want?  2. Whoever thought up that pop up in the cart needs to be reminded that things like this pop up annoy customers.  I save items in my cart so I can either find them later, or wait for a price drop.  I don't want that pop up jumping in every few items as I scroll through my cart.  Don't care what others are buying, it's MY cart.  Let alone, actually seeing something in that pop up that you might be interested in, only to have it disappear so quickly that you can't click on the item.  AND, it shows items to the right, but it doesn't scroll sideways! 
New app closes or puts you in a loop for checking out. Stalls. Forces you to use the app even when trying to do anything on Amazons web page via web browser. Horrible build and major issues
Haven’t been able to order products inside this app this month. Not sure if they are gonna fix it or not. Called and complained already.
You can have the kindle app on your IPhone. But when you try purchase books for my kindle on the amazon app, it says it unsupported. I have to go to the website to purchase my books. I would rather purchase my book on from amazon as I have a tablet that I use to read at times and I don’t always read from my iPhone unless i am out.
Release 11.02.0 is the definition of insanity. They removed ALL of the menu buttons. The entire splash screen is tiny product photos with no descriptions or prices. You have to dig deep into a hidden menu to find your previous and open orders. The browsing history view is gone, replaced by a dedication option to buy a Prime membership which takes you to a useless page that says Prime memberships are “out of stock and they don’t know if they will ever be in stock again”. Huh?  What are they thinking?!?
Removed bottom bar, which was so convenient. Now you have to click on the left upper corner.  Now you cannot go to the full description of an ittem on the lightning deal categories. You have to place it on the cart and then go the to look at the details..... and I could go on.... etc. These latest upgrade really took away a lot of the great conveniences. I hope the developer listens to feedback. 
I can't sign in since the new update, had to use the web browser to complete my most recent transaction. Please fix soon!
No price sort  Hard to hind things Expensive overpriced Small verity. 
First let me say that being a Prime Member is by far the best part of Amazon. Besides getting two day deliveries and watching Prime Movies these two things is what keeps me coming back to the Amazon App.   Now for the downside. I have the IPhone 7 Plus and the last few months I noticed a #1 in a Red Circle which is very noticeable when you are looking at your phone. I called Amazon Customer Service and spoke with their technicians but all they can tell me was to delete the app and reinstall it. I did just that and even shut my phone off to reboot the phone and when I went to the App Store I reinstalled the Amazon App and the #1 is still there.   If anyone who reads this thinks they know what this might be please get in touch with me.   Picture this, when you have new mail or on Facebook if you have new Messages you will have a # on your App. This is what I have on the Amazon App.   Thank you Howard Krulik 
The little red number on apps icon is not go away!!  There are no notifications or messages etc but the red number one won’t disappear!
They don’t let you post real ratings on their products and service... they use too but not anymore... their 5 and 4 star products ratings don’t mean anything
When I called to get an explanation I got circular arguments that made no sense and unfortunately turned a 5 star app into trash.
The tracking info is very on-point and is very accurate! Most of the time it arrives earlier than expected!
Had to change my password and all of sudden nothing was working on the app. Even after I was finally able to enter my new password it wouldn't let me place any orders. Didn't even give an error. If I clicked "place order" it just took me back to my cart. Endlessly annoying. Had to delete the app twice and reload before it allowed me to place orders again.   New bar on bottom of the screen wants me to drag items there to save. NO THANKS. My phone has limited screen space to begin with. I hate annoying banners that I cannot get rid of. I use my various lists to save items if I want. Worst feature ever for mobile, please get rid of it! Starting to get super annoyed with Amazon lately and with all the negative things I hear and read about their business practices and the way they treat their workers I'm rethinking my Amazon usage.   The best thing Amazon had was their reviews and now they've revamped how stars are calculated and with all the fraud rampant on their site with reviews I just can't trust any reviews now either. And why are all the Amazon prime items $10 more than third party sellers offering free shipping?!? We are already paying $100 a year for prime plus a huge markup on each individual item?? This is starting to seem like a ripoff. I guess all good things come to an end. 
Keeps asking me to log in. States there’s an error when I hit “place my order”.  But I can change my credit card info and add to cart. I have to log in to web page to place order
The navigation can be confusing.  Trying to access Baby Registry but couldn’t view items as nothing shows up when selected.  I think app is a bit buggy.
I have tried to purchase a kindle version of textbook into my ipad, but the app doesn’t have “purchase” button. I have to use web version to purchase it and download it into my ipad. It should be updated as the mobile version at least.  The app is way outdated and unfunctional as it’s supposed to be.  I will delete it, anyway!
Hybrid apps consistently offer a slow, brittle, tap-twice-for-everything experience and Amazon is no different, despite having more than enough cash for native. Good game nice hustle
New format is a step in the wrong direction
Same day delivery is such a marketing sham . I have never got the stuff delivered on the same day inspite of so many attempts  It’s 2018 and your app still looks so old. It works all the time and that is it . 
So my mail carrier is awful (USPS) and they lost my most recent package, they showed it as delivered but it never arrived, I waited 2 days and it still never showed. So I sent an email to amazon customer service and they were very quick to respond with an apology email (not their fault what happened) and within 3 hours I had the refund in my checking, I switched to amazon prime where they use ups for the 2 day shipping. Great customer service!
I am a professional software developer and I just spent the last five minutes (literally) trying to find out how to log out of this app.  Still haven't found it - permanent log in?  What the heck amazon?
Since the latest update on my tablet, I can’t choose any options on the lightening deals. Won’t let me choose size, or color, or ??? Can’t shop like that.
I surprised for this update for iPad it’s so bad I can’t see my results because the line of filters on the results I hope really fixed or back to old version
App is great except for I have to have WiFi for it to work. Just wish it would work off of my phone service.
Please put the app back the way it was; this is awful!
The bar along bottom is gone to click on my orders or deals, now have to click menu at side and click again. I removed Amazon app from iPhone because that annoys me, now thinking might not use it on iPad. Will diffidently slow my buying with the current look. The bottom place to click once and go was very helpful
Hands down Amazon is my favorite app on my phone. I am browsing on amazon or making a purchase at least 4 days a week. I love that I can efficiently find what I’m looking for and receive it the next day! Amazon is hands down my favorite place to shop! Their customer service is impeccable! They are kind, funny and most importantly AMAZING at their jobs!
It never lets me reset my password! Once I get the code section.
It looks like a stretched-out version of the iPhone layout. Pictures are now tiny which makes things harder to see. Reminds me of the Jet.com app layout - bare and tons of white space. Ebert and Roper give it two thumbs way down.  Edit/update: I’m now getting screens that appear to be nothing more than a frame around the browser version of the Amazon web page. This is amateur hour. 
I’ve tried tons of similar apps to buy, but I’ve never found the same prices, the variety and the security that Amazon gave me!
It’s missing or I’m guessing you all took away the browser history selection on your newest update on the iPad
I would really like to see somewhere to delete orders. Archiving items still makes it so that it’s on your account, I’d really like to see a way to delete items.
The menu drop down that used to be on the top right near the shopping cart is no longer there.  With that it was so easy to see your orders, browsing history, etc.  why did you do away with it?  Bring it back.  Thank you
After the last update I can no longer sign in to my account using the app. I can sign in using a browser just fine, but not the app.
The keyboard refuses to work in the app. Wow. Do these apps get tested at all?
3 times of trying to add an address for a gift it closed out sent me back to shopping cart and eliminated all my gift card info and the new address.  The other 3 times if told me there were invalid characters in the phone number.  Area code, check.  Actual seven digit number, check.  No dashes or parentheses, still nope.  Any combination of dashes or dashes and parentheses, still no.  I guess Amazon doesn’t like numbers in a phone number...............
Each iteration of the iPad Amazon app is increasingly less user-friendly than the proceeding version. Time to hire a professional dev company to take over for you. Your in-house dev staff are most likely being bribed by competitors.
I use an Amazon Teen account, which can only be signed into through the app.  I purchased a digital copy of a game, except there’s no way to access the code for the game on the app; it can only be accessed on the computer. Either make the game library accessible on the app or make teen accounts able to be signed into on other devices. There isn’t even a good reason for teen accounts to only be able to sign in on the app. It just makes it more difficult for people to use their accounts
We can no longer logout of the app? Why?? If you want to stay logged in, fine, but why did you remove the ability to logout?!? I have 2 accounts, for different purposes. Please restore the ability to logout. If it's still there, I can't find it
Unable to find my kids amazon list as it says i need to update the app, which it is up to date. Quite annoying when you are shopping for gifts.
I don’t know what the problem is with your app, but I can’t order ANYTHING. How is there an error every time I try to place an order on your app, but I can go online and place the order no problem? Really makes me want to not renew my subscription with Amazon or Prime....
I have installed and uninstalled this app multiple times and it will not load. Says to check internet connection
Doesn’t send notifications about delivery status like it says it would.
Every time I use the app to check my orders it tells me something went wrong and then says still loading. Please fix this.
Everytime I scroll through my cart, when it loads more times it will duplicate what's in my cart, so I'll see 3-5 of the same item. Frustrating as can be.
I used to be able to use this app before Christmas, but now it doesn’t allow me to select cards and even typing in the Password and will error out. 1 Star for messing up your app. Fix it ASAP!!
Guessing this is from the most recent update but if I go to open my wish list it tells me it's not available in this version and wants me to update and gives me a link to do so but only option in the App Store is to open the app. I uninstalled the app and reloaded it and still have the same issue. Please fix as I use my lists very often!!!
Please fix this mess!!!!! Some new updates was done to iOS and it’s causing issues with the app, I can’t no longer look at old purchases nor buy anything from the app , I have to go to the website. Amazon please fix this! I buy from amazon VERY frequently and this is very inconvenient
The new update doesn’t let me filter the search by price ranges anymore. Before i could search for products between a certain price ranger ie “$10-$15” or “$20-$25” And so forth, but the new update doesn’t even give me that option. I have to sort products from low high now, but the app for some reason takes out a bunch of products when I sort by anything other than “relevance.” Like if there are 300 products, and I decide to sort by price or rating or anything other than relevance, then suddenly there are 120. I don’t know why it takes out a lot of the products, but it does.   Another thing I want changed is the recommendations. It used to have the \"not interested/I already own it\" feature on there. That made it easier for me to see anything I was actually interested in but now that it\'s gone, a lot of items I show no interest in are showing up and I can\'t make them go away. Like some of those things are showing up because someone else (a friend or family member) searched something on my account to see how much it would cost. So if that feature was back, I could get rid of the items that show up in my recommendations and see stuff that I want and be more likely to buy things considering, you know, I’d ACTUALLY see what I wanted. 
I can’t sign in and I can’t view my orders. It just says something went wrong and to try again later. I’ve tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it doesn’t work
Freezes all the time when I try to hit back button. Opens when I try to use safari to search amazon. Really annoying.
Won’t let me proceed to checkout
Please do another update. This update does not enable lists on iPad app
I love the app, never had any problems. I’m on amazon all the time. But I have to give a special shout out to the delivery peeps lately!! My last few packages have been concealed for me!! One behind a potted plant and another under the front door mat. Not to mention the delivery photos just to verify, I love it! Gotta keep loving me some Amazon!!!
no touch id. won’t save password. forces you to constantly re-enter password. huge time waster.
The shopping cart has no feature to allow the user to continue with payment and shipping.
I use your services a lot!  Appreciate the business.  With that said, I am indeed having some issues.  You make it extremely difficult to purchase books.  For no reason that I can find an answer to, you will only show the “free” option for audio and kindle on the mobile apps when using the amazon app.  In addition, I do not see the pricing options in the apps.  Extremely confusing!!!!  I can go online to the web via the same mobile device and find the actual pricing of the book.  Listen, sometimes, I just want to know the price.   Please do not make it a forced option for customers to see the price by only signing up on the mobile app!!!  You want customers to find value and know that when a customer joins, they truly will be using the services.  Also, when sharing via a product, pls add an option to view via web. 
Every time I want to do anything it asks for my password, then it says “something went wrong” I’m sick of it. Having to go to a browser to place orders now because they doesn’t want to work. I haven’t been able to complete an order on this app for so many months I don’t remember. I’ll just order less or not at all.
Before this newest update the app was fine. Nothing was wrong. They updated it now and decided to inconvenience the entire user population by putting "swipe to go back" gesture as opening the drawer. Now there's no way to go back to where you previously were. This is stupid. Who ever's dumb idea that was needs to be fired.   You literally have to re-search the entire category again in order to get to the item selection screen. Once you tap on it, you can't go back because they replaced iOS 11's "swipe to go back" gesture with their own stupid "open drawer" command. So now you're eternally stuck looking at one item until you search again. Stupid. Uninstalling until they fix this!! 
I try to change my payment to not use my gift card balance and it just takes me back to the order page.  Also when I log in it always gives an error message although it seemed to work.  I expect more from Amazon. 
Love the app. But the top menu bar freezes a lot. Can’t view my shopping cart, can’t search, can view my orders. They need to fix it.
I love Amazon, I’m a diehard Apple user and Alexa is one of the few non-Apple devices I rely on. I’m a prime member and a dedicated Amazon user and supporter BUT this is the first time I’ve had a complaint. I’m already paying for prime membership do I really have to have these pop-ups like wish list tray?  I hated it when Amazon merged with audible.com and I still do but I bit the bullet and try to make it work but changes aren’t always a good thing. Sometimes I think the programmers get bored and right code so they won’t lose their jobs. The simplicity is slowly fading, there’s 3000 different kinds of prime memberships. Who can keep them all straight? And why should I have to work that hard? Apparently some of them are only for certain geographical locations. If that’s true, don’t show me the ones that don’t apply to my area. You have my address, Amazon.  Worst of all, since ios 11.2 the app freezes Constantly. I have to quit and re-launch about four times a day. Yes, my iphone 6s+ is a few years old. I’ve been too lazy to go into the store to upgrade but it’s not that because this is the only app I have to constantly re-launch. Could it be that you’re putting too many pop-ups and wish list trays into the app, Amazon? Stop. It’s stressful enough spending money don’t over complicate it. Anybody can be replaced. Don’t turn your back on the features that made you popular, ease of use. Goodbye 
Good easy to search and use. Needs improvement on stability.
Might be the new IOS update but the app for my iPhone 7+ just shows a flashing blank screen. Let’s get an update Amazon and quick.
Very Annoyed that it is virtually impossible to cancel digital orders with a mobile device.  Not very user friendly in this regard.  😡
Why am I being asked to put in my card information for a free app to update?
This app keeps using up substantial chunks of my my battery with background activity, even though I have background app refresh turned off for this app. Checked with Apple support and they said it absolutely should not be doing that.  What’s up with that??
I had issues with the app for a long while despite it’s up to date. Issues such as it keeps saying “loading...” when viewing account or scanning gift cards. After I deleted it and reinstalled it, it works again. I also noticed the navigation interface had changed also. So be aware that App Update doesn’t always work. You will have to manually delete the app and reinstall it. 1 star less for this glitch.
What is the deal with the “saved for later” list? It shows 2 or 3 of each item and will not load all items. This should’ve been fixed in the previous updates. The list is unusable.
I want to use the app to purchase through the Amazon Smile program, but that’s not available. Why not make the app work with Amazon Smile?
Amason used to be great but now they are just money hungry. First off if you have a amazon gift card you can’t use it unless you have a credit card...change that because not everyone has a credit card. Secondly you can’t order an item under $25 anymore your entire order has to be $25 or order. Amazon needs to realize that people don’t have that much money. And I hate the ADD ON ITEMS you have to actually buy something else with it. Honestly amazon needs to think about this. Guess I have a gift card and can’t use it
Amazon makes my life easy and saves me a lot of time. I prefer to shop via Amazon!  Cheers! 
Just updated the app. Saved an item to a list. Didn’t give me an option of what list to add it to. Tried to view list. Told me my app was out of date and needed an update. Follow the link to the App Store and guess what? I have the latest app! Ever heard of QA? Perhaps less time on finding a second HQ and more time testing your app.
Is there an option for enabling the list tray?
The wish list tray things is very annoying. Please give us the option to disable it.
This has been a garbage and completely useless app on iPhone for over 6 months. Impossibly to check out of cart, it just keeps kicking back to “proceed to checkout” after selecting where I want my items shipping. So inconvenient to have to open safari, log in to amazon again, then checkout, and then inevitably have to type some info in that should have been saved.
Why isn't there a way to have a search filter applied ALWAYS?
I used to be able to print from my phone when I had a return now I can’t even do that. This app is slowly turning into garbage. Every update removes good features.
Was a great app. With prime I use my iPhone to order but since the updates keep getting order errors and it doesnt complete the checkout and end up loosing the lighting deal
Why is this so much worse on the iPad. It’s unresponsive. Features do not work such as “share”. Just in general poorly executed.
Used to use it all the time, but in recent weeks it keeps bouncing back to the cart when Im trying to check out. After years of using Amazon, it’s time to find another source! Disappointed!
This app is terrible I ordered a package they was supposed to come on the 22 and it was a week late. Horrible app, and it’s also very slow
Overall good functionality but there are some things that could be improved: - Menu bar takes up a lot of valuable space having the search bar and other buttons on two levels - Item pages seems cluttered when scrolling through - Reviews are have a surprisingly low visibility from the Item page (small stars/link at the top, further reviews way down at the bottom) - List Tray never truly goes away 
iPhone app not working. After update the app will not successfully complete an order.
When trying to sort the Top Reviews or Recent Reviews with the pull down menu. There is supposed to be a pop up however, it never pops up. The screen just grays, but no pop up. Touching again brightens the screen to normal but there is no pop up to change between Top Reviews to Recent Reviews.
No Touch ID support? Ask to log in then says “something went wrong”. Complete trash. Can’t look at my orders. Can’t believe this is from amazon. Unbelievable
Overall, the amazon app is fine. It functions as you’d expect: you can buy things from amazon with ease. However, it is missing a LOT of what is available on the amazon app for your phone. There is no support for amazon fresh in the tablet version, and there is limited support for other amazon programs. Alexa voice capabilities are not supported in this version of the app. The app is also in need of a visual/UX overhaul, as the design is dated and the UX is not the most intuitive.
Great app, would love to minimize the wishlist tray.
I don’t understand why Amazon only has 3 stars, it deserves at least 4. (I give it a 5). If you’re a student, it’s only 50 dollars a year. You cannot beat that. Free 2 day shipping from soooo many sellers, and competitive and affordable prices. Even 100 dollars a year is reasonable too. They offer incentives for choosing normal shipping, like 5 dollars towards amazon fresh(their supermarket app) or 1 dollars towards electronics(or clothes, etc.). I ordered my books for school and was offered free one day shipping at checkout. It would’ve cost me 300 dollars to buy the books, but I only payed 60 dollars by renting them.  What a relief. Thanks girl
This app constantly makes me sign in. Then I'm in and then I start to scroll and I have to sign in again. I've rebooted and I've download a newer version and still the same. I constantly get a "something went wrong" error message.
Other than the tray at the bottom constantly popping up & I have to choose hide, I love this app. It has been extremely convenient for me.
I can’t use the app without getting that message. I can’t check my last orders or place new orders. You can buy Whole Foods but have a shaky app?!?
This app used to work flawlessly, but I’m not sure what’s changed recently. Most of the screen seems unresponsive at times (especially the back button). The app shows the ability to sort the reviews, but you can’t actually see the option on the screen to a choose it. If you choose to see only “verified purchases” the images are off screen. C’mon Amazon. Get it together. You’re a big company. How do you not have someone actually testing this app for functionality?
Every time I open the app it tells me my internet connection is poor. But people will open the app right next to me on their phones and it’s fine. WiFi, data, nothing works. I want to be able to use the app, but no update fixes it. Not sure what’s up but please fix it
A better and faster interface is needed, I don’t have the luxury of a laptop as of now, and when I tried buying a book, I noticed how slow it was, and it caused me to panic when I thought I bought multiple copies of the book, it ended up taking my money when I didn’t want all the books, but other than that, If it were a bit faster and easier to understand the app would be much more useful, as the site.
This app works fine when searching at home, but it will not work inside the Lowes store. App returns "internal error".  My iPhone is set to allow this app to use cellular data.  Otherwise the app works well. 
I get email specials from Amazon telling me a $50 item is on sale for 19.99.  They tell me it’s 70% off regular price but that regular price they quote is a lie.  Look around. You won’t find the MLMSY travel makeup bag anywhere for $50.  It’s always around $20.  So why does Amazon inflate a price to tell me they are discounting it ?  Very misleading.  Class-action lawsuit type activity.  Price fixing and mis-representing prices so you think your getting a deal
I’m a big Amazon user, but the app is horrible. It never works for me. It ALWAYS says “check your internet connection and try again” and never lets me get beyond that. This has gone on for months and months since first downloading it — and i keep returning thinking it might have been updated or improved, but no.  I’ve restarted my phone a hundred times, x-ed our the app and re-downloaded it, and obviously checked my internet connection... never works.   And while there’s some record of others having this issue, there’s no solution I can find.   Oh well, lost business for Amazon. 
Amazon is great but the app is terrible. Freezes frequently and just plain quits working on a regular basis. I’ll be looking at an item and the app’s back button won’t work so I have to go to the home page and start my search over. Last night was trying to submit a return and it got stuck scrolling down the page. Just annoying glitches considering I regularly update the app, often times have to delete it and re-download it.
Used to love it for scanning books but now the scanner has expanded to include products and the scan search gives tons of irrelevant products. If I scan a book, I am looking for that book. Not all books have a barcode so the barcode scanning doesn’t help. Wish I could go back to the prior version.
The back button is in a terrible spot. Please fix.
There are many issues with the app not loading correctly or buttons not responding to touch. Especially in the top area where the time is.   The most annoying issue is, if you make a purchase and then try to make another purchase minutes after, the app just will crash after you click on “checkout”.  You have to go to the website to actually go through checkout. 
Wanted to update my wish list and got the message that I needed to update my app. I’m running the newest app on my IPad.  Have never had a problem before. Wouldn’t let me update the amount of an item I had on a wish list. Fix this please.
I signed up for amazon prime for the year for $99 as advertised but instead of doing what I simply asked for they deny me yearly membership without cause and decide to charge my account $130 a year instead of the advertised $99 a year. When I asked for them to fix it, all I get told is you can cancel your account and that’s all we can do for you? Like what?! Talk about good customer service... yeah NEVER again will I bother with Amazon
This app worked fine until about a month ago. Now, when I go to check out, it keeps bumping back to my cart. I end up having to go to the regular website on my phone and complete check out there. So annoying.
Impossible to access Account settings, which don’t show in the menu. I.e. cannot view Prime Membership details or payment options. I have tried to report the problem to Amazon through their feedback email/chat, and was connected to 8 representatives whose only concern is to refer me to someone else. I hope they read these reviews.
I can’t view the product pages using the app. When I click on the links, I get nothing but a flashing white page that never loads. I have to remember to open the amazon.com site in Safari to view product pages. I keep hoping they’ll fix this, but it’s been ages now. I have an iPhone 6s and am current on all updates.
Love this app. Would like to scan bar codes to find items to trade in, however in the “Search for items to trade-in” section, the bar code scanner doesn’t work. I can get the bar code scanner to work from the camera icon on the main screen, but am unable to determine from this screen whether the item is eligible for trade-in. Would use the trade-in account regularly if I could scan items!
My app isn’t working, it doesn’t want to connect to the internet
( jan 19 2018 ) - initial review: I will immediately update this review to a five star review , once items below are fixed, or at least responded to (or addressed) :  1a- (most important) - We need to be able to search reviews on the app. Only having this functionality in the web version is a palling after this after the app has been out this long (and with this if you updates in terms of frequency)  1b- (2nd most important) -  ADD LANDSCAPE MODE/ orientation!!!  1c- (3rd most important) -  overall (web+app) WHEN YOU CHNAGE OPTIONS FOR AN ITEM, ONLY AHOW REVIEWS FOR THAT SPECIFIC ITEM!  Example; let’s say a pair of pliers have two options you can choose, 8 inch for $10, or 14 inch for $21-depending on which option you choose only show reviews relevant to that option chosen. Many items will have lots of options which totally change the product, but when you click to read the reviews, (which are all which apply to all options) the reviews won’t even make sense or everyone is trying to give two stars to the 14 inch pliers but five stars to the 8 inch pliers and it’s impossible to tell which reviews apply to which option. (also sellers use this bug to boost up their review count or even worse, slip in a trash item/“options” of an item that already has high reviews , thus it looks like the high reviews apply to that trash item/option as well..)  1- Amazon needs to add a app “Feedback/suggestions” option, like 90% of other apps/services have built-in.  This way amazons “valued” users can provide constructive feedback based on real world experience/usage. This will also allow the developers to gather system logs or screenshots if users cheese just submit those in their feedback. This of course is if Amazon even cares about making this app better or listening to its customers. I’m not sure if they do or don’t.  However it’s pretty indicative of their position that app feedback has never been in the app, ever.  2- Needs to have better “share this item” icons/functionality/visibility in the app. Currently it’s a tiny little icon midway through a product page, and it’s very hard to spot and it’s functionality is poor once you tap it.  3-  there needs to be an alert me button/field where you can receive an email alert once an out of stock or unavailable item , again becomes available. This should apply to any and all items that are un-available or out of stock,. On the web version of Amazon.com *some* (few) unavailable items will give you this option, every unavailable or out of stock item should give you this option, and it must be also on the app (as of now it is totally missing from the Amazon app).  4- contact support; there needs to be the option to send a message/email/ticket to Amazon customer support in regards to an item, the only options currently our chat or receive a call back. Both of these options occupy much more time then a user may want to dedicate to resolving an issue, as opposed to being able to send an email/message/ticket to support which may take one to three minutes and you are done.  5- I like the recently added wish list at the bottom of app, that you can drag items to, however there needs to be A way you can lock that wish list so that it never changes (i.e. the list at the bottom of the app never changes unles you specifically unlock it or manually change it yourself). Often times the wish list at the bottom of the app will change or switch to another wish list I have and it takes me a while to find the wish list I was using previously as I have many (very frustrating).   (Or another option/solution, would be an iOS/app specific wish list that appears on the web also, but that you can lock as always being the wish list at the bottom of the app)  6- any and all functions or options that are available in the full blown web version of Amazon.com, on a desktop PC, should be available in the app in some form or another.  While there are several examples, one example is the lack of the ability to modify your address book within the app. ****  It is important that we app users demand more from apps and their developers, and STOP blindly throwing out five star reviews!  (except for truly exemplary apps, or when there is active weekly or monthly updates/development on the app). Users need to demand more from apps, and stop defaulting to a 5 or 4 star reviews.  These are large companies with dedicated development teams behind their app, they must learn to respect / respond to user feedback and update their app in a timely and consistent matter, based on user feedback.  We the users are the *sole* reason these companies and apps are so valuable ($), and this the developers/team should treat us accordingly and fair.  Again, I will * immediately * update this review to a five star one once these issues are fixed/addressed/reply to (I check and read app updates/change logs multiple times a week).  I will also timestamp any new review updates, and will never delete or modify prior review updates.   Thanks! 
When you scroll down the deals, images disappear for a moment and reappear after some 3-4 sec. That continuously happens as long as you scroll! Not an expect from Amazon! 
Get rid of the one click purchase. I’ve bought things on accident 3 times now.
Advertised shipping is often incorrect and takes much longer. Costumer service is not like it was and now play around with you. You guys play stupid, playing stupid games not at all what Amazon was in the beginning
Hi, when using this app does my charity of choice still get a portion of proceeds from my purchase or do I need to continue making purchases through the website instead? Thanks! 
It has been telling me for over a week now to check my internet connection and try again. I have checked and been on WiFi, everything on my phone works but this app. 😡
It would really help to have another app open for reference while shopping. Product detail and descriptions aren't always the best on amazon. Seems like a straightforward update.
I don’t know what the deal is but any time I try and view my order history, account or even try and sign out I just get a pop up saying that sorry something has gone wrong please try again. Been doing this for at least a week now. Not sure if it’s related to Touch ID but every time I go to a screen that wants my fingerprint, after doing so I get the error.
TURN THIS OFF, you may buy something of high cost and not even realize it! I am not too happy>:|
add support for smart invert colors.
Why can I not disable the app from creating dash buttons?  Amazon said it’s a benefit for Prime members. BS it is freaking punishment. I don’t need a dumb button taking up screen UI to help me remember anything. Idiots.
App used to work great. But the last two updates broke it all over the place. Touch ID no longer works. Can’t change shipping options. Can’t even CHECK OUT!  I’m using the browser version. 
I still love Amazon as a company, but they are messing up this app. I absolutely hate that they have video ads now with no option to turn off for use on cellular data. Cause I really wanna give Verizon even more money hitting data overages because I simply scrolled into a crappy ad where they dip a tube shaped cookie into some third rate Amazon-wanna-be Nutella. Yeah that’s just great. Thanks. Oh and for all the new bugs too. Thanks.
I want to Eliminate/disable 3rd party purchases! They never come in correctly, they are always broken or improperly packaged! To make it worse they never take anything back or they take forever to process a return! Please give me the option to get rid of 3rd party purchases! Also! Pictures illuminating fabric cut and style would be great!
The user interface for iPad is clunky and thoughtless with regard to where the search bar should be (centered, duh) and shares very little in common with the iPhone version of the app currently available. Please consolidate menu items in the left side of the screen in a menu similar to the iPhone app. Please incorporate gestures to open that menu (iPad is not just a poke and press device). Please use similar colors in the iPad app as the iPhone app. Update the logo colors in the heading. Properly space ui elements so they are easier to read. THEY SHOULD NOT BE SCRAMBLED TOGETHER IN THE CORNER. Change the mic logo to the Amazon Alexa button so people actually know what that does instead of thinking it’s dictation. Expand the top bar to reflect current iOS changes (think your own iPhone app, but bigger). Align add to cart buttons in the deals page. App needs an overhaul. Please fix the ui to reflect this fantastic service’s quality. Also perhaps consider removing the percentage or at least keep it consistent and editing the time to be the same to look more like a multi-billion dollar company’s app instead of worse than many indie developer apps. Status bar should be consistent.
They delivered my stuff in the wrong mailbox 3 times and I don't even get a refund for their mistake
Update:  still broken. "Still loading" and "something went wrong", the two most common phrases you'll see when trying futilely to use this app.  I just make purchases elsewhere when using my iPad because amazon has the most resource intensive website that is almost unusable on mobile devices.  ------- The widget stopped working and the app freezes when you do things like try to check S&S or just browse. 
Updated app 5 days ago and now cannot view lists. Might as well not have the app! App tells me to update to view lists - DUH!
I constantly get a message that the app can’t connect to the internet and to try again later. I usually end up deleting the app and re-downloading it. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn’t. It’s annoying.
Wishlist keeps crashing the app. When it doesn't crash it tells me I need to update the app to continue using my wish list even though the app is up-to-date. I love Amazon but this app is terrible.
Whenever I change the sorting to priority(high to low) and I change the number or priority of something on my wishlist and save it, it goes back to the default sorting. I wish it would stay in the priority (high to low) setting.
After the latest software update, the app no longer works properly. I can search for things but I can’t view orders, place orders or add things to my cart or wishlist. And today it won’t allow me to sign in. I keep getting a message that says “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”
Still no back button once you click Amazon at the top! The arrow disappears. You can’t go back to your previous page if you accidentally click Amazon. It will bring you to the homepage without any way to go back to previous page. BIG FLAW! Please fix this.
I use this all the time on an iPad and iPhone because I have Prime. Problems I’ve noticed on the iPhone & iPad are while reading reviews you will keep reading repeat reviews because it loops back & you’ll question your sanity as well as waste your time. Another, on the iPad app you can’t see customer photos which makes reviews less helpful, but you can see them on the iPhone, so I have to open up my iPhone if I really want to see customer photos. It’s been a long time and I’ve updated these apps any times, but never an improvement to those issues. I would love this app if you could fix those bugs. I also don’t care for the item drop wishlist, I find it more annoying that I have to click it away after accidentally pressing something for too long.
Love the app. Buy all my textbooks from amazon. But the app keeps saying “something’s wrong” when I sign into my account through this app. It’s fine if I type it in using a browser though. Definetly needs fixed.
Ok. I really love shopping on amazon but one thing really irritates me. When your looking for something you can only go one way and if you lose the page your on you have to start over. Why don’t you have a right arrow ?  I’m using the app on my iPhone am I missing something.
App works for browsing. Saving to lists. Adding to cart.  Will Not Work For Final Checkout.  Weird that Amazon would not like to complete purchase from app.   What’s up with fingerprint login??  Ever going to show up? 
When I use the app on my iPad and select my orders, it prompts me for the Touch ID and then I get an error saying, “sorry something went wrong. Please try again.”  And then the screen says “still loading”and it never comes up. This does not happen on iPhone app, just on iPad.  ☹️
Tried several times no response from app.  Tried several days later same thing happened.  Had to go to desktop to order
Amazon is not what is use to be. Shipping is longer than 2 days and even takes forever to ship. Had packages missing and arrive late past guaranteed time. Not worth paying prime membership and would rather watch movies on Netflix instead of amazon. Save your money and troubles and use target never had a problem with shipping and u don’t have to buy a membership for crappy shipping!
Why is the phone app so much better? I can’t see registries or add anything from this app. Please improve.
I have been waiting for the gear fidget spinner ever since March and I never got it yet and we lost some money for nothing.😡
Customer service trash. I gave amazon my address to ship directly to my house and for odd reason they sent it to another address. Bought the wrong part for my car cause it said it fit on my mustang. Bought an Alternator through amazon and it never work. And that wasn’t the last. I filed probably over 10 complaints last year and and non of them could speak English at all but the supervisor. I would never recommend nobody to amazon cause they trash overall
Apparently Amazon has decided we, the buyer, don’t count anymore. I had a hard time with the last order I placed - what should have been a simple book order turned into a pain in the butt. When I contacted the seller, they told me they would put a tracker on the package - which would have been wonderful, EXCEPT it was several more days before the package even shipped! Now, I would much prefer the TRUTH (something like “we haven’t shipped it, but we’ll still get it there by the date we said we would”) to a bald face LIE. And, personally, I’d like to warn other potential buyers. I think what some sellers are doing (probably even the one I dealt with) is they log the weigh bill into the USPS system as “this is where it’s gonna go - WHEN we get it to you,” but then don’t get it ready and send it for several days after that. Meanwhile, the customer gets all excited (wow, look at how fast they ship!), and it artificially inflates the seller’s response time. AMAZON - there should be some way you can track this sort of thing. I never did get a form to rate my order or the seller (not in the app, nor in the email), and my order took every single day possible - just barely squeaking in under the wire for “date promised.” And after having sent a request through YOU to the seller (for tracking), I would absolutely think you’d follow that up. So much for customer service.
Amazon is my favorite place to shop. I often browse for deals and gift ideas when I have nothing better to do. However since this new update, it’s IMPOSSIBLE for me to check out. I get the error “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” Repeatedly. First it was just signing in. Which I already was because my wish list was loading and I was able to add something to my Kindle via Kindle Unlimited yesterday. After about 3 tries, I finally was able to log in. Thought it was a fluke. Then it took another 5 tried to verify shipping address because when I clicked to choose the address, it would crash the pop up and go back to my cart. When it came time to choose shipping method since my order qualifies for free shipping.... let’s just say I gave up after 5 tries.
When I add items to cart quantity doesn’t show on top right hand corner. I’m also not able to turn off history.
Ever since I got my iPhone X ap stopped working. It scans my face then say something went wrong please try again later been doing that for the last 3 days straight
This last update killed my Amazon iPad app. It does not work now. I only get an error message. It works fine on my iPhone, but app no longer works on my iPad. Please fix ASAP!!  UPDATE: Two days after latest update and still can’t use my iPad app. FIX THIS...PATCH REQUIRED‼️ 
As an enduser who without amazon would own nothing in their home, I must say why can’t I toggle between my personal and my business account with in the app? The web site should as well but really not the app? This is not a good CX. Also, this promotes low quality passwords being used for ease of toggling. Please consider this update. Thanks.
Literally can’t save anything or drag anything to my wishlist. This app has been like this for at least the most of 2017!!! Was hoping it be fixed after how constantly like every week there’s always an update and it’s Amazon IMO data eater!!!
Some sort of glitch when I go to my shopping cart to purchase my items, it makes me long in again, then tells me there is a problem and to try again later 😡 so frustrating!
I get an error that says something went wrong. Please try again.
This rating applies to Amazon’s mp3 purchases only:  Keep a thorough record of your mp3 purchases, because you’ll need it. Amazon mysteriously deletes tracks from your cloud, but doesn’t tell you. When you call customer service to see what happened, they’re more than happy to refund your account so you can go back in a repurchase them, but there missing the point: They shouldn’t be deleting the tracks in the first place, and since they deleted them, THEY should be the ones adding them back. 
Always messing up now. Will delete and reinstall. Can’t chat with customer service it will freeze and it is always asking for password and then error will pop up.
I just want to but food. But i dont want to be freanking SCAMMED with the bs 14.99 amazon pantry. I was used to be able to but regularly withput this hassle but i am very dissatisfaction
Used to love Amazon and being Prime member was worth it. Now with every update they take a little or a lot more songs etc away. Just feels like you are getting cheated with every update with the guise of fixing something lol. Guess not making enough money eh? 😂
Right now I’m pretty disappointed I can’t access anything on my account through the app but as soon as I go through the safari it works. Please fix it or I’m going to delete it. It shows up an error any time I try to order anything or go into see my previous orders.
My go to online shopping platform.
Been using this app for a while now and I think it deserves a 5 star, but recently it’s been freezing on the opening frame and I have to close out of it.
Outstanding customer service and care. Good prices and super fast free delivery! THANKS! 
Great product worked well as predicted  Video was very helpful to put together! Thank you 
Doesn’t show review pics on my iPad.
I am not receiving shipping delivery alerts. The setting notification is turned on but no message is sent.  This requires to consistently looking up manually the order status from the App.  Please enable the notification.
I’ve been using this app for a long time now I cannot load the app to place an order and it asks for my password every two seconds and then says there’s way an error and when I use it I’ve been hacked I was not sure if it was my phone so I rebooted it call customer service they cannot figure it out after I rebooted my phone I had no problem and then the app started glitching and waiting my password over and over again and now I’m hacked again ugh very frustrating
I legit can not open my Amazon app. I have deleted it and re-downloaded it. I keep getting this “please check your internet connection and try again” (CS1) on the screen and no matter what I do I am unable to use on my phone. If there is anyone else going thru this what can I do to fix this issue.
I bought two different products at different times from different companies. Amazon send emails both times with delays for sending it to the incorrect carrier facility. My package is 8 days overdue! Terrible service and waste of money.
You guys are simply amazing! The app is so user friendly! I couldn’t ask for a better shopping experience! Thank you! This app runs great on the X!
The shopping could be much more user friendly. The email is atrocious. I can’t even delete an email and there is no real way to sort decently. The search’s throw in random items and even general searches are way off base much of time. Unless you know exactly what is the name of the product. The filters are oddly specific and yet completely unhelpful. Categories need work.   That being said- I can find many things here and it helps reduce my shopping time. Instead of ten stores, I go to one. My products are reliably delivered for free, my car syncs to their music channel, their video has a decent selection and Alexa comes in very handy. So... pretty good overall. 
And I am the type that likes my notifications but I have checked through everything and cannot find any reason why the badge icon is still on there and it is annoying me   Update finally got the badge icon to go away so now give it 5 stars 
I cant view my orders or buy anything without the app telling me something went wrong. So im not sure what this app is really for at this point.
Getting a CS1 “no internet”. Been getting it for 2 weeks. Have uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing works. Writing review on the same phone where it says I have no internet.
Every time I’m redirected to login to view my account it says “Sorry there has been an error”. Every time. Started before Christmas and had to do all online shopping at a desktop. App isn’t great
Amazon is nothing more than a rip-off they think they can just take whatever money they want from you and say you authorize a purchase please nothing more than thieves the whole company is one of the biggest scams on the planet
I come to amazon for 2 things:  1. Fast shipping 2. Customer reviews  It really irritates me that I can't seem to view any customer/reviewer images from the app. I rely on this for certain items because we all know that often enough the actual product looks a bit different from the stock photos. This helps me, as a consumer, to make the best decision and would likely result in fewer returns in general for all buyers if we can see the actual product. This appears to only be an issue with the iPad app as I can view pictures on my iPhone.  Another thing that really bothers me is not being able to search/filter reviews to certain words I want to search for. I like being able to search reviews to see if anyone has left a comparison to another product that I'm familiar with. I can't do this on either the iPad or iPhone version. I'm only able to search the website. 
I had an issue on an order and there customer service resolved it in under a minute.
If you have an item in your shopping cart and the price changes, the text does not wrap in the iPhone anymore. It used to. Now I have to scroll horizontally to read the whole message. It’s extremely annoying.
Can’t believe it’s been down for this long... can’t really even remember the last time it worked. Keeps you from having easy access to shipment info as well.
Glitches and bugs are fixed quickly by a responsive development team, which I appreciate. App makes it easy to browse, purchase, and track orders.
This app used to work so seamlessly. Now it is full of bugs on my iPhone 8 plus. For example, there is no longer any way to access the orders menu—I simply get an error message instead. Then, when I try to contact customer service from the drop-down menu, it is inaccessible...can’t seem to scroll down to select that or the settings page.   Do they test this app on plus devices? I’ve updated the app twice recently and it hasn’t fixed the problem (it has, in fact, gotten worse). Amazon is an awesome company, but they seriously need to find new people to maintain their iPhone app. 
I have to go to my iPhone or computer see the pictures in the reviews if I’m on my iPad.
Missing Account Switcher (Web App has). UPC scan hopelessly broken, formerly best in class. Walmart app has far surpassed it in speed and accuracy. Having to use ShopSavvy to scan UPC to find Amazon listings. Bring back good UPC scanning. 
Suddenly this is terrible - error logging in. Buttons not working in app. Fix did not fix anything......
I love amazon and have prime but for some reason on my iPad I can’t see the photos people uploaded to review products.
Keep getting an error every time I try to log in. Never had this before but a quick update or fix would be nice
You can’t change quantity of items there is no combo box for quantity oh have to delete item and re-add to cart be because there is no control of quantity box anymore
Put an option to disable it because it is aggravating that it pops up EVERYTIME I save something to my wish list. It's ANNOYING!!
This app is the best for suff you want to be delivered to you instead of you having to buy it in the store.
I often find myself struggling to find the Amazon warehouse deals section on the mobile app especially when I can’t navigate to a certain section mainly automotive. Please add a way to either filter to it or similar functionality to access available in full site.
(1) For the first few minutes after installing the present app (for a second time!), I could press "Your Other Lists" and view my Shopping List. Then, it's stuck in Wish List.   (2) I often press the "Return". Nothing happens.   Never had these problems before the app was changed. 
I’ve tried to make purchases but keep getting the “something went wrong” error when I try to complete the transaction. If I try to make changes, like picking a different card, it sends me back to the shopping cart. I also have similar problems when checking out order history after I go through a login prompt.
You need to make the colors of the “add to cart” and the “one-click purchase” buttons much more different. I accidentally made a $114 purchase because of this problem. I thought I closed it before it completely loaded the page but it went through anyways. Amazon was really good a quickly responding to my refund request so that’s why I gave it 4 stars but they lost the 5th star based on the button problem.
Kudos to the Amazon app folks. They did an update and immediately there was a problem with the toolbar. But within a couple of days they had it fixed and the app is working great. It’s really a great app (again)
You use it I use it everybody uses it saves you time gas energy and most of our money!!
returned this book and they won’t refund me the money for it. I’ve removed confirmation emails and tracking info for the item. Every time I talk to anyone about the situation they are extremely rude and are no help at all. Even though I have received emails from them stating the items been received they say that there is no records of me returning the items. The computer is crooked and quick to take money from my account but when the item has been returned they want to act like they can’t find the order or any history of me returning the book
The app is great on iPad, with the exception of not being able to access your account information and gift card balances. This can be done on my phone app, but why it isn’t available on the iPad version just baffles me.
Suddenly, my login works erratically. Sometimes I can login to place orders. Sometimes I can’t. Somehow there’s accidentally a double order but I never got far along enough for confirmation and now I can’t get it to let me login to cancel them.
Everyday if I open the app my cart is full of junk items (phone cases for phones that neither I nor anyone in my family has) that I would never even think of buying or looking at! I delete them but different ones get added the next day! I won’t open the app for a week and when I do it’s full of junk. It’s very creepy and I feel violated. The app is the only way I access my amazon account. I’ve changed my password multiple times but it doesn’t matter. I know my account hasn’t been hacked as no orders ever go through so it seems amazon is purposely placing these items in my cart hoping I’ll accidentally buy them! Very very shady practice. I may end up canceling prime if this continues.
UPDATE 1/15/17: Raised from 1 Star to 4 Stars. ONE DAY after I submitted my complaint to Amazon app feedback about the top navigation tools, they published an update. The app seems to work fine now. My spouse and I use the app DAILY so having all the tool working was a big deal for us.   ORIGINAL REVIEW: What happened?!  The newest version 11.01.0 has messed up the navigation icons at the top of the screen. When going to view Lists the text icon/link to view all your lists is now unresponsive. I found another, similar top of page link; although I can’t remember which one, that was.  Otherwise, the app works well for me. 
Love the app. Love the quick response from developers. I use this app multiple times a day
Months after the iPhone X is released Amazon cannot get its act together to fix the Face ID problem their app has. Train wreck! Failure! Cannot view orders, place them, etc.
My wish list tray on the bottom of the screen is gone. why?
I used to have no problem with this app. Now, recently, I have tried to make several orders and when I press “place order” it brings me back to lproceed to checkout” very frustrating and renders the app completely useless. Please fix this issue.
My app updated to the latest version which was supposed to fix the upper tool bar functionality. It didn’t; it’s just gotten worse. The app now crashes after the toolbar stops responding. I could not find an easy way to contact the developers to report this issue. I would have rather sent a message, not call or have to rate the app. I haven’t had trouble with the app before this issue.
Images and text are constantly getting misaligned and the app freezes a ton.
This is such a bad thing I have never seen like this. Every time I add 4 items it’s just saying I can’t get free shipping. Each stuff has option to choose free shipping but some items doesn’t and if I try another time it never works. Please do something. This is makes me feel irritate.
When I search on my iPad, none of the reviews have pictures and it will scroll in a continuous loop  between the first page of reviews even if I click to see more. This does not happen when I look on my android app, so I usually end up searching there if I am looking for something that I want to see pictures of. That is a pain because it is smaller.  I actually do like the wish list but I find it difficult to switch between lists. 
Haven’t been able to complete a purchase in the app for weeks. Super buggy checkout funnel.
UPDATE: fixed on 1/14.  OLD posted 1/13: Can’t type in the search bar, way to go Amazon! 
App freezes and some buttons no longer work with the new update.
Why not a version that works with your Amazon Smile account?  I won't use the app until it supports Amazon Smile
I have a new iPhone X so it’s not my software, the new amazon app does not let me tap anything on the top 1/4 of the screen (wishlist, cart, orders button, nothing). Fix this!!!!
App is awesome again, thanks for fixing top navigation bar!
I am unable to purchase kindle books from the amazon app on my iPad. I have to use my web browser/amazon.com to do this.
This app has too many so called features. This makes the app unwieldy, harder to navigate, and confusing.  My suggestion is to cleanup the reading interface by moving choices to one page accessible through the home screen. This would make READING the simple action it should be; select a book, open the book, read the page, turn to another page. 
Putting that annoying wish list bar and stealing my screen real estate is dispicable. It also breaks some top menu stuff and video play on products.  It basically locks the app at times.  And your latest \"update\" shows how clueless you are. Fix the top menu freeze caused by the wishlist space stealer or remove the space stealer?    I don\'t want it there but I can\'t turn it off? You say you want to be cutting edge customer focus? Get rid of that stupid wish list. Wish list is for others to look at, not me, and not constantly.   If I delete everything on my wish list does it go away? Going to try that next time I swallow my bile enough to open this app. This annoying app that now I have to restart again and again because the wish list bar locks it up.  Did you ever stop to consider that we hide menus under the hamburger menu for a reason? Because most of the time we don\'t interface with the wishlist or the blah or the blah. It helps reduce cognitive load. This is not good user interface or user experience.   You need to seriously question the motives and intelligence of the person who championed this \"feature\" and foisted it upon us.    You should also remove that bottom bar. 
Spend your money elsewhere. I have Prime membership for the two day shipping. I had an order that was supposed to be delivered within two days; latest day being Sunday (today when I’m writing this). Today was the second day and the deliverer just passed my house. I got a notification from Amazon saying attempt failed, but he didn’t even stop at my house! So there goes my two day shipping that I pay extra for. Customer service was no help and the best they could do was have it shipped tomorrow. I wish they would have compensated me for this inconvenience. But they were no help. Not worth giving them my money.
Recent feature: whenever is scroll down in my Shopping Cart into my Saved Items and App has to load more data, it Doubles up every item in my cart. (Just a display issue because doesn't show them doubled up on laptop.)   And then when I scroll down more to load more items it Triples every item in my cart.  Due to this I'm not seeing any more items just more of the same.    Wish I could add a screenshot to this review. 
My order sits for a week before actually shipping and it’s never two day shipping. If your going to send it snail-mail at least get it out the door faster!
I lost 30$ cause I wasn’t using a real gmail and I had the 30$ in my account but I couldn’t by nothing  and I redeemed it on the same phone and know that I have a gmail it’s says it’s already need redeem I wasted 30$
EDIT: increased to 2 Stars after the last update corrected the upper tool bar issue. The Refine Search issue hasn’t been resolved.   Last updated 1-13-18 on iPhone 7 IOS 11.2.2. “Back” arrow quit working & the refine filter that specifies Verified Purchases Only often doesn’t provide a check box. 
Good except when I try to scroll through my saved later it just shows me the first five items over and over. It loads like it will show the rest of the list but just shows me the same things. Sometimes it’ll show me three or four of the same thing in the list when there is only one of that item. It’s very inconvenient because I can’t find the things I’ve saved for later to buy them.
Every time I try to search for a product I can search only one time then the back and search buttons stop working and I have to close the app and start it again.
Doesn’t even support swiping from the screen’s edge to go forward and back. Cheap, undeveloped trash!
This app has a lot going for it. But it has an obvious flaw for those of us who have signed up for the AmazonSmile program.  The app can’t be used with placing orders under that program. Even the web add-on in the Firefox 57+ browser allows orders through Amazon Smile, but not this app. It can’t be the hard to remedy without have to switch over to a browser to order through that program. 
iPhone app is fine, but on iPad this is a dumpster fire
Latest app update will not let me go back from the description page. No matter what I click on, I can’t escape the product description. Also, the “Back” button appears to be broken now, so it doesn’t work when I click on it from pretty much any screen. I have to exit to home, close the app, and hen open it again.
I love shopping on Amazon but two fixes are needed. They need to stop charging my credit card for prime when I don’t even sign up for prime and every time I try and look at an existing order, I enter my password, and it always says an error has occurred. Then I have to use the web version of amazon. Please fix this error message and allow us to use TouchID for our password.
Latest version disables the entire top bar on the iPhone 7 after switching in and out of the app. Must restart app to get it to work again. This is a significant bug that reflects very poorly on the app’s QA process.  Update: while this bug is fixed in the current release, no information is available regarding the status of the associated QA processes. 
can you guys please add an archive option for your amazon app on mobile
This app was easy enough to use before the latest update but now the "see all lists" button doesn't work and I can't see all my wish lists. If you're at all like me you use your wish lists as a way to keep track of a lot of things. Not being able to view or manage wish lists is unacceptable.  EDIT- 01/14/18  It was fixed in an update. 
Newest update fixed the search issue. Thank you!
Thanks for fixing the toolbar bug. This is a great app, now the only improvement I would suggest is the ability to link to a smile charity through the app instead of having to use the website.
I LOVE Amazon!!! But my app keeps getting stuck the last few days!!! It is so frustrating!!!  Please fix it ASAP!!!
Two day delivery is a joke. They should just call it expedited delivery and not promise two days because it hardly happens. Several orders I’ve made have taken 4 to 5 days when they’re prime promised 2 day. Right now I’m waiting on something I ordered Wednesday that originally said I would get it Sunday but now it’s saying Monday. It’s nice to get things quicker, but don’t count on it. If you need something by a certain date order it at least a week in advance.
Need a link to pay bill
Can’t push the back button, search function, Amazon main page button or cart. Please fix!
It's frustrating that I can't place orders using the Amazon app that benefit my chosen Amazon Smile organization. Amazon should add full Smile support for their mobile app so that users can do all the needed Smile related functions (including setting up Smile for the first time).
I use this app almost every day and recently once I click on an item I can not click on the back arrow in the top left on my iPhone X to get back to the main list or even hit the search button.  The only solution is to close the app and start all over.  What happened, Amazon.????? 5 star without a doubt otherwise but there is no update to resolve this frustrating situation.
I’ve been using this app to purchase items from amazon for years with no problem.  But as of recently I can’t view orders, purchase orders as I get the “something went wrong” error.  Used to love this app as it worked flawlessly but it’s a shame it’s not working anymore.
Where are the customer images like they are in the Android version? This app feels as though it is in early development.
Very disappointed.   Since the last update the buttons don’t work /freeze up.  Cannot go back a page or cart when browsing .  Have to close app and reopen. This is on my iPhone 7. I do a lot of shopping on Amazon and this is so frustrating and wastes time.  Please fix ASAP
So far a little but right after Christmas I ordered an item for two of my friends for it to say they would arrive Jan. 8.  But then 5 minutes after the orders disappeared and I did it again, and again, and again.  I waited to get to the house I’m moving in before I bought them something, I found out that amazon has been canceling my orders and I’m just asking why?  Thanks and hope for the fix
*** Quickly fixed and much appreciated since I buy just about everything on Amazon. But I’d still like to know why on the iPad you can’t see pictures that people post. You have to use your phone or go thru the web to see them...   Newest update disabled being able to search. I can only use the web so it completely takes away the point of having an app. This is seriously the most frustrating thing ever!!!!! 😡😡😡   Also, with an iPad whyyyyyy can’t we see user pictures that they’ve posted? Can you fix that as well??? 
I was trying to report this issue on a support page, but didn’t find where to do it. I ended writing here.  Latest version 11.1.2 instead to fix a toolbar menu fix, introduced it. I have 11.2.2 on Iphone 7 plus. Is annoying not being able to return to previous page. 
Still having issues with the top navigation bar even after the update! Ugh!!!! So frustrating!
Even after the most recent update the tool bar doesn’t work. This is on a 5s and 6s iphone
This latest update ruined my app!   The back and cart buttons have become randomly unresponsive.  I’m having to click on one of my list items at the bottom of the screen and then click back in through the cart.  Please fix this.  It’s really annoying!  Update:  I only had to deal with this for one day as this morning’s update made the app great again!   Thanks!!! 
Lately the buttons at the top of the screen, ie., search and menu, have stopped being responsive.  This happens when I switch to the home screen or another app and then switch back to Amazon.  They start working again after force closing and reopening.  Not a screen issue.   Other than that, I really enjoy the function of the app. 
One version of the app was not responsive to my touches for certain tools. The update was fast to solve this problem. Good solid app. Thanks
Freezes when I try to search, and then I have to completely restart the app.  How annoying.
Only complaint now is the list tray... with limited real estate on the screen this idea seems better suited for desktop or tablet versions of the app. I know there is an option to hide it but it always seems to come back.
Constantly freezes after last update. Have to shut app down and reload to fix
It's kind of a shell of an app.  It looks great. Does some basic things well, like loading pages, letting users make use of lists, etc... but the purchasing process is non functional.  Right before Christmas I put a few things in my cart that were "deal of the day". A couple of the items were very time sensitive.  I proceeded to the purchase part of the process and wound up on an endless loop of having to log in - over and over again.    After doing this repeatedly I still had time to purchase these time sensitive items, so I hustled and downloaded the app update. It wasn't updated... that had to be the problem, right?    Wrong.  Not to sound too dramatic here, but I, literally, stood outside in -9° because I was out shopping when this snafu was happening and I'd lose my signal inside the store I was heading into.  At any rate, the download finished, the application malfunction was not remedied.  I contacted online support, explained my problem of what happened, and their stellar customer support response was "so what is it you want me to do for you?".  Uhmmm... yah... Nothing, Amazon.  Do nothing.  I'll buy my Christmas gifts while I'm out today. I'm sure you're not losing any sleep over my, or anyone else's, consumer experience. Thanks. 🙄 
Latest update is broken, nav bar becomes unresponsive quickly, I have to constantly force quit and restart the app to use it.
Sure could use the millions of dollars this company just rewarded individuals that are knowingly break our laws. Bye Amazon
My 2nd gen 12.9 in iPad Pro does not work with this buggy garbage. You can't scroll size lists for products. No access to the same menu functions as the phone app. Horrible experience.
The app is completely useless if the top bar functions are not usable!  Love Amazon, but I hate their App.  When I click on the top bar there is no response.  I cannot even go back... stuck at the product or page!
Buttons on top of the screen,.. back, search, menu, etc. intermittently won’t work with new update on iPhone 8.
The last update that purportedly addressed an issue regarding unresponsive tool bar and navigation functions, but has instead disabled these things instead of fixed them.  When I surf around looking at product pages, I am unable to get the back arrow at the top of the pages to respond. This was not an issue prior to this update. Please fix ASAP. It makes navigating the app impossible. 
The app does not work.  Non responsive screen all most all the time useless since last update.
Didn’t fix it. Made it worse, in fact. The buttons up top can become pretty well unusable should you try to click on further details on an item.
The last update screwed something up. Half the time, the app works fine. The other half, I can't tap on anything in the upper 1/4 of the screen. This is where the search bar, back, cart, etc are located. That's kind of a big deal if I'm supposed to use this to look at or buy anything. I close the app and everything in the background and other apps work perfectly. It's definitely the Amazon app.
The last couple of days I’ve had this bug where sometimes from the search bar up I can’t click anything making it impossible to navigate. This seems like a very serious bug. Otherwise I love the app.
Works okay but leaves a lot of room for improvement. The whole thing is just specially formatted web pages rather than elements contained within the app itself, resulting in things like navigating being more “history” based like a browser.  Needs a complete rethink. 
Amazon is always my go to but recently the icons on the top of the app don’t work on my phone the search my orders it once I open but once I press one the icons they all stop working
I regularly use the Amazon app as there are so many good features and I love the design. However, I’ve noticed both on my phone and my wife’s phone the top region of the app can become unresponsive. Repeatedly tapping doesn’t solve the issue. For instance, if I click on the query field to search for a product, it sometimes works, and sometimes doesn’t. The same rule applies for other buttons and fields in that upper region of the app layout. Closing and reopening the app temporarily solves the issue, but often only for a moment before it loses critical functionality again. I know Amazon only hires the best so I would love to see a fix.
Issues, buggy. What is happening to this Amazon app?  Use to be good but has been crap lately.
Stop adding useless “features” that break functionality of the app. Do you test your app at all? Can’t even search for things cause you broke it. Serious amateur hour development.
It appears with the latest update that the app is freezing terribly. This wasnt happening before... now its almost impossible to shop!
I never thought I’d like shopping on line,but amazon has made it pretty easy even for a non techy person like myself lol but it would be nice if they would automatically send a return label with purchases in case the item needs returning. But at least ya don’t have to pay shipping just take it to ups store and they do charge for a label under$2.00 but I don’t return to many items just the ones that I change my mind with.like wrong size...etc have fun shopping the Amazon
Current version messes everything up, now I can’t click the back icon or any of the top buttons! If I click to view any item and I want to go back to keep looking for more I would’ve to clock the app and reopen it and do everything all over again! This is trash now!  Everything was perfect till the last update!
Recently updated and now I can’t use the search bar or camera search from the homepage. Also, pulled up the “more information” on an item and now the ‘back’ button doesn’t work. Useless.   Also, can you PLEASE get rid of that Wish List tray?!!! 
Top of the navigation bar doesn’t work now on 6S. Can’t select <-, home,  search...
I use this app often. Since the latest update, when I am looking at an item. If I touch the back arrow, nothing happens. Most times nothing in the top toolbar works. Sometimes I can get to my cart. But not BACK. Like back to my search or list from viewing an item.  I usually have to force close the app. Then start my search again. Please fix!!! 
Overall I really like using this app, but it gets 3 starts for 2 reasons: the number of bugs, most recently the issue with the top taskbar becoming unresponsive after a few minutes (have to view a wish list then search from there to make it work).  My biggest issue though is the service from USPS. Just like I’ve seen others mentions online and in my apartment building, there’s a real issue with getting packages delivered.  At my building, if it’s the weekend you’ve got maybe a 50/50 shot of it arriving, they will lie and say they cant’t “access the building”, when in reality they just don’t try to deliver it. Amazon will give you all the sympathy in the world, and even extend your prime membership but they just don’t get that no one cares about that—we just want our stuff on time! They need to switch back to UPS or FedEx and stop being cheap! 
Just installed the latest version of this app.  After a few mins of browsing items I try and hit the back button or any icon in the top menu bar and it does not respond.  I have to close down the app and then it works for a few mins and then does the same thing.  I cleared my cache via settings and reopened the app but the problem still persists.  This did not happen in previous version.  Amazon you need to fix this. Using a iPhone 7+  Updated to 5 stars.  11.01.2 is much better!  Thank you Amazon! 
Amazon your review system is one of the main reasons I use your services! Now every time I look for an item I have some stupid Chinese POS with a high number of 5 star reviews by reviewers who only leave 5 star reviews and often they do it all on the same exact day. Amazon, if you don’t clean your review system it will be a terrible thing for you as a company!
So frustrating. The top 10% of the screen, which includes the back button and the search bar, and the main menu, doesn’t work on my iPhone X. If I force close the app and restart it, it works for maybe one or two clicks, and then it’s dead again. This is the only app I have issues with and it’s SO ANNOYING PLEASE FIX!!!!!
After the last update, I’m not able to click back or use the search - it’s like the top of my screen is disabled after I conduct one search.
Return screen freezes if you do more than one item at a time.
Unable to check the option to use points. Happened after the last update.
Hello. The app is great but with this version there is a bug where i cant go back or search after i select a product and be on the product details screen. Im running the latest iOS version on iPhoneX. Can provide more details if needed.
Once I select an item to look at the details and reviews the back button no longer works. I need to close the app and relaunch and search for the product all over again. This is a very disruptive bug. It is fairly new as I use the app very often and just began seeing the issue today. Using a iPhone 7 iOS 11.1.2.
I frequently find the search bar non-responsive to text entries as of a few days ago.  I have to restart the app every 2 minutes and it is infuriating.
New iPhone update won’t let me click anything on the top menu bar once I click on an item. I can’t go back, click menu, search or go to my cart.
Review not for company nor products as that can be done elsewhere - App alone.  Had issues today with certain functionalities not being compatible with recent iOS updates. Amazon chat function within app allowed me to report this issue. Update was available within hours to correct. That’s exactly how updates and bug fixes should be done.   A+ 
I’ve been having a problem ever since I updated where the search bar and the rest of the options on the top of the app do not respond to touch. This is making the app almost unusable. Please fix soon! I’m needing my Amazon fix.
Why can’t we organize product review categories by Recent/Top anymore?  The screen pauses after tapping Top Reviews and never allows us to select Recent Reviews. Lastly, the inability to completely remove the wishlist tray plastered on the bottom of the app is without a doubt ATROCIOUSLY AGGRAVATING!
The app for the iPad needs the same level of quality updates the phone version does. The interface is outdated and has less functionality than the web version. If it’s possible to fit that information on the web version, then it’s possible to make an iPad friendly version that has the modern look of the iPhone app.
I wish there was a dark theme likely they have in the audible app so I could have my screen brightness on high to see the products clearly and not be blinded by all of the white in the background.
Want to hit the back button? Go ahead, but nothing will happen. This version is crazy buggy. It hangs and freezes up.
I love amazon I shop there daily and an update has made the app unusable, the top row of items don’t respond to touch in the app, they work in every other app so it’s not my phone it’s an app error.
Since the last update I can’t use the go back arrow, search or check my lists... I can use the search if I close the app and reopen. This is ANNOYING
I’m not sure when these issues started happening. I’ve always enjoyed using the app to shop and research products on the go. Lately though, I can’t stay logged in, I can’t make purchases, and the stupid tray pops up every time I add something to a wish list. For the love of god, stop trying to add so much!! Every time there’s an “update” I think the issues will be resolved, but instead there’s another new feature. Annoying!!!!
Imposible to navigate with latest version, would not go back, would not return to home page, etc. Total disaster. Never had problems with it, with this update the app is useless. 
The app has become almost impossible to use. Tapping on the search, list, Ect yields nothing. Have to close out of the app and re-enter several times. Has been like this for almost two weeks. FIX IT!
I’m not able to search the site at all with the latest update. This makes it really hard to shop what I’m looking for.
Can't cancel order through app. I have to log online through my computer to cancel an order. Please fix this. It's been three updates and this still hasn't been fixed.
I don’t know what changed recently, but I can’t start a search anymore. The search bar doesn’t seem to allow me to select it or search it. I don’t know any other way to start to find anything on amazon.
I love amazon and I love the app, at least I did love their app. For the past few days however it has been very very slow. Now it never loads. When it does load it doesn’t display everything, half the pictures are missing. In the off chance everything displays as it should, the app freezes and you can’t go back or select anything. You have to close the app and then restart it, then you’re back to square one. I’m writing this review to make amazon aware, so they fix their app. Thank you!
The top bar with menu, arrow, search, cart... doesn’t work anymore! And please make the app stop vibrating when I add something to the cart!
iPhone 6 with iOS 11.2.1. When looking at an item, top ribbon isn’t functional. You can’t go back, chose the menu, search or go to cart. Bad bug that makes app worthless.
Two day guarantee.. should mean exactly what you say... totally dissatisfied
After update, current version is slow and freezes. Not responsive to touch until like the tenth time you try to select something.
This app has work fine for many years and now all of the sudden once you select an item to read and review the back button no longer works! Please fix this!
Top menu keeps freezing and have to close out the app to use again
This is an app I use almost daily, to check prices and/or purchase items. Been an app user since it came out. But recently, the app just becomes unusable at times.   Not sure if this is a bug on iOS 11, the iPhone X or just in recent app versions. I will search for an item, and then go to the details of the item. Everything works fine, and I can purchase the item or follow links to other suggested items. BUT, the top bar with the search and back buttons completely becomes disabled. So, I can’t go back to the list of items in my original search (or search again) without closing the app completely (swipe up, hold, swipe away) and re-launching it.  Such an annoying bug.... Makes searching for the right item time-consuming and frustrating - which leads to me not buying from Amazon. 
Back button and menu but keep stopping responding. Have to kill and restart app each time I look at a product
Since newest update, the search engine will stop working and menu navigation quits working. Constantly closing and reopening.
I like most things with this app however the newest update will not let me hit the back button to go back to my search results. Restarted the app and my phone multiple times and no luck. Also wish I could disable wish list on the bottom of the screen it takes up space and I don’t need to view it constantly.
Since this last update, the menu at top freezes. Need to close & reopen frequently. Please fix.
Have to close and reopen each time to make a feature work. Every time I do anything. Like search or use barcode scanner, filter results etc. fix Amazon. You are a multi billion dollar company and this is deplorable.
This is usually a great app, but the back arrow is not working. It will not allow me to return to the screen with all of my search results. I hope this can be remedied soon.
Can’t use the back button anymore! App keeps getting stuck (iPhone). Once it’s stuck, only shutting it down and restarting it lends to recovery. Until you try to use the back button again. Come on amazon, I’ve been a customer since you started but this has to be worst app update ever!!!
For some reason, once I view an item, I can’t use the top navigation at all. I click on each icon and nothing happens. Can’t even get back to my search list. Not sure if it’s an iPhone OS issue or an Amazon app issue. Worked before. :/
Back arrow doesnt work. I constantly have reopen app. 😣
Never had a problem but lately the app keep freezing and now it won’t let me use the search bar at all. Not a fan of the wish tray either it’s just in the way.
1/12 update: The search bar does not always work!  Screen is locking up as well 
App now freezes on iPhone. After looking at an item it completely freezes and have to shut app down and restart. It happens repeatedly since last iOS update. Please help!
KEEPS FREEZING!! Please fix bugs. This app is amazing. If you like to shop online, this app is for you.
I used to love this app, but now it’s really hard to navigate thru. Things I do like using the back button, or clicking on basket just doesn’t doe anything. Thought it was my phone touch screen was being unresponsive, but I’m only having issues on Amazon.
Is it just me or when you do a search, get search results, tap into an interesting item, then click one of the photos, you can’t get back to your search?!!  The <- back arrow just doesn’t respond.  Very annoying.  2 stars  update 1/13/17: Wow that was fast.  Seems the issue was fixed with latest release!  5 stars! 
Does not work after the latest iOS update. Programmers need to update this ASAP.
I love Amazon but there is a glitch that won’t let me click certain options! I have to close the app and try again just so I can search for something, but it ends up doing the same thing again. It’s very aggravating.
Touch actions are off for different sections of the app. Won’t open menu, search windows, etc.
The latest update a few days ago broke the app. It is constantly freezing and requires a hard close of the app and then reopen to get it working again. Temporarily. Until it freezes again. Hope they issue a quick fix.  Edit: they just updated again. Will see what happens. Release notes didn’t change so I imagine it’s a bug fix. 
I love the app... usually. But I love amazon all day everyday.   HOWEVER. When the app got its new update, the back arrow button in the top left corner of my iPhone quit working. The amazon home button also does not work. I have to completely get out of the app and close it from my recent apps for it to work. Even then... it only works a few minutes.   It very ridiculous and needs to be fixed. 
Can no longer navigate ‘back’ a page on iPhone X, after the recent update (13-Jan-2018). Please fix asap.
I love Amazon, but I can't use it now with the update!! Please fix! The buttons at the top don't work.
My amazon app is glitching out! The top bar with the search button and the back button won’t work... Those are kind of essential parts of the app. I keep closing the app and reopening it hoping for better results, but it hasn’t helped yet.
The search bar hasn’t been working for me since this last update. Please fix.
Reported an issue with an update recently ok installed and a new version was available within 4 hours fixing the bug!
Love the app but I think the recent update broke the very top bar after moving in and out of a few items and shopping cart. I have to force close the app and then finish my shopping. Otherwise stellar app and compliments the amazon lifestyle well
The Only real complaint is why isn’t there a way sort the results by most reviewed
Need to fix the problem for the iPhone X where the top menu buttons don’t work. I can’t click on my cart, or go back or anything.
Top app buttons on iPhone X doesn’t work, can’t blackout can’t search, the app is useless.
I’ve had to force quit and restart countless times. Please fix!
The top part of the app doesn’t work, the search bar and the back button are not working
After a search,  buttons at top, back, menu etc become unusable.  Restart required
Can’t use the top toolbar to search, go back, or view my cart. Please fix
I usually don’t do reviews as often as I should but I figured this was an issue. Through the previous phones I’ve had (iPhone, it’s just a preference), do a lot of online shopping due to connivence. I have never had an issue with this app until I switched to iPhone X. I understand it’s a new device but here is some of the critism I have with the app on this new device.   1. The app does crash, which requires me to go back in and start over. 2. I notice that the very top tabs and icons in the app will not function, yet you can scroll down and up and even interact with the bottom tabs and functions.  3. Occasionally freezes.    Other than that, on my previous devices I have not had an issue like this before so this is fairly new and I believe because of the switch to the phone. This app would get my full rating with those fixes. 
On the mobile app, when I go to look at an item and I want to go back, the back button doesn’t do anything. I have to close out of the app and go back to what I was doing. Just started doing this today. I tried restarting my phone but that’s not the problem cuz it’s still doing it
Ever since the last update, the app keeps freezing. I can’t use the search or back buttons after a few minutes being on the app. Very Frustrating...I have to close the app and then go back in.
After yesterday’s update the app now doesn’t quite read when I tap anything on the top bar of the app ex. “See all Lists”, the back arrow, and the shopping cart.
Need to restart the App multiple times because the the buttons become non responsive. For example the camera button stops working over time
What was once a great app is now garbage! Got an iPhone X app doesn’t work anymore.Can’t search for items can do anything with the top of the app.
I love it but recently I haven’t been able to search anything in the search bar or click on much of anything. Please help. Thank you.
Usually works great but today it’s freezing every time I open it. Also, disable list tray. I placed Christmas present ideas In lists and every time I open the app it shows the items which defeats the purpose of hiding them in a list.
Nice going Amazon, after updating 2 days ago the back button no longer works...how frustrating. I purchase SO many things off Amazon and now this app is pretty useless because after I look at one item I have to force close the app to look at another item since the back button stopped working.   The app used to be great until the latest update but now it's nothing but a constant frustration. 
Every time I open the app I see my profile pic, so I know I’m signed in. I go to ‘my orders’ and it has me sign in every time and every time it displays an error msg saying something went wrong...should I reinstall he app?
1st did I miss a bunch of updates because the app jumped from 9.22 to 11.01??? What is up with that?  I can’t get anything in the header to recognize touch events.  It’s like you running service calls on your main thread or disabling touch interactions while waiting for asynchronous call backs. Please fix.
The navigation controls at the top of the app are dead in this version.  For instance, after I click to view a product, the back arrow at the top becomes dead so I would need to restart the app to navigate. (i have a 7plus). It’s not a hardware problem with my phone, since I am able to click at the top here to give this version of the app 1 star.  I’ll update my rating when you fix this, but the app is now unusable.
All the functions on the top row: back arrow, search, etc. will function once, then subsequently becomes non-functional.  Version: 11.01.0 running iOS 10.3.3.  Have to close app and restart.
This update/App is a mess. It doesn’t allow me to type in the search area, it doesn’t let me click on certain areas. When I click on reviews, the screen just goes dark grey. Just awful.
I can no longer click in the top search bar.
The app update caused the app to glitch. The search button and the top bar is stuck. It doesn’t work. Please fix.
None of the options are working I can’t search on here at all it’s impossible to get to certain screens because the app is not responding to where I push the screen.. I’ve reset the app and this has been a consistent problem the last 3 days. Only app on my phone doing this!
The back arrow doesn’t respond sometimes causing you to close the app. Very annoying!
With the latest update it freezes and can’t search and order items effectively, needs a fix asap
It was working flawlessly but the recent update missed it up. I can no longer press to search i can only scroll down. Plz fix it
Good job. Don’t you have people to test and make sure you can at least use the search feature before rolling out an update?
I have been shopping with Amazon for many years with never a glitch. Suddenly, I cannot check out. “Something went wrong.” After two customer service calls, and missing gifts for my daughter’s birthday, I am instructed to wait for an email from the team. My instructions, “wait and be patient.” So, suddenly it has occurred to me how much I depend on this company for just about everything. My girls all live far away, grandchildren as well, and I live in the middle of nowhere. So Amazon, I will be patient while you get it together so that I may once again send gifts to my family, and I will be grateful.
I can’t press back, search or the cart. The entire top of the app does not work now.
App simple stops working. Please fix the problem ASAP.
As soon as I updated my Amazon app on IOS to 11.01.0 it locks up and becomes unresponsive as soon as you complete any task. You check your account.....unresponsive, search for something.....unresponsive. I “loved” the app and have used it for years without issue on this device.....please research and fix it.
The hamburger menu, back arrow, etc. periodically don't work. Everything below and above them do. Then it'll spontaneously resolve. Help? Otherwise Amazon is the best
This just started today, once I’m looking at an item, the top bar stops responding. I can’t go back, view the menu or search..
Please update again, with this version the back arrow and search button stopped working.
Generally I love the app, but just wanted to point out that there’s some sort of glitch that disables the top buttons on the page (back, cart, etc.). It’s frustrating because if you go to read the extended item description, you can’t go back to the main page. You have to either close the app, or click something lower on the page (if possible - if you’re in the item description, closing the app is the only option). I’ve totally lost a few items I was interested in.   Generally the app is good, and I know the problem will be fixed soon. For now, though, it’s too annoying to shop. 
Update made app unusable. Freezes all the time in different screens.  Update: bugs are only when tray is open. Hiding it made all normal. 
Amazon buttons are not working. I try to click on the top buttons, such as go back (arrow) and the three lines and to go to my registry and they aren’t working!! App needs and update or an update fix!!
I love this app but the latest version the back button doesn’t respond most of the time. Really hope this is fixed soon as it makes it cumbersome to use.
After the latest update it’s not working correctly you can I go back it get stuck trying to order need fixing 👎🏿
Checking out and actually buying things is impossible in this version. It continuously asks for your password, and every time says that something went wrong.  Please fix.
I’m having an issue with the top of the app, menu etc... freezing on iPhone X
Can't figure out why that would be hard. Kind of makes the app a whole lot less useful.  Update: this app gets worse and worse. Not optimized for iPhone X. Can’t use top navigation. It’s just terrible 
The current app freezes and won’t let you back space or tap the menu. It needs a patch fast!
I’ve been using Amazon app forever but ever since I updated the last update I can’t press anything on the app or back space or do any searching.  I have to force close it then go back in then keep force closing it every time! Please fix it
The top control features do not respond. The left error or back button does not respond on iPhone X after the latest update. Also the search field that brings up the keyboard does not always respond after the update. You have to close the app and restart to get it to work, then only works for a few clicks. Needs a bug fix ASAP for iPhone X
Version that updated a few days ago causes major issues when searching. Primarily trying to use the back button on my IPhone X. Otherwise would get four stars.
I constantly can not click on the top tool bar; this is extremely frustrating
App updated yesterday and now the menu/search back arrow etc. are unresponsive. They work only the first time the app is loaded then after that they do not respond to any touch input! I have to force shut down the app then reload it for it to work.... for one input command then unresponsive again. The rest of the app below the menu work just fine. Using iPhone X.
I have never had any problems with the amazon app until today, whenever I open it it will let me look up just a few things before it stops letting me use the “back” key or any of the other options at the top of the screen. I have restarted my phone re-downloaded the app and it is still the same. I really loved amazon but now I cannot even use it at all on my phone. :( 
I’m an amazon prime customer since the beginning. Up through 2016 or so I’ve never had a problem with the Amazon app.  In the same time, just to dig it in harder (because I’m angry this app’s failure just caused me to waste 50 minutes of my time sorting out their apps problems), Walmart’s app and shopping experience has gotten much better.  However, the past year (or maybe two), this app has become one of my most buggiest and frustrating apps I have.  I have it on all my iPhones and iPads and the problems are on all of them. Here are some of the issues off the top of my head: - problems remembering me. I have to log out and in frequently. - often logging out and in won’t fix issues, I’ll have to remove the app and reinstall it on all my devices to get it working again - won’t recognize Amazon gift cards consistently - when it does recognize Amazon gift cards, it often shows a zero balance on the gift card even though when I check the same gift card on my computer the full balance is shown. End effect: often cannot load gift cards via the iOS app - won’t show my past orders or order status (sometimes due to log in issues) - won’t let me purchase items - half of the time I install a new update from Amazon, the app no longer fully recognizes or authenticates me and I’ll need to uninstall and reinstall all over again  I suspect some of these issues are related to poor implementation of 2 factor authentication. However, other issues seem related simply to general poor code (such as the gift card showing incorrect balance).  Unless Amazon gets its act together with its app, I suspect that its app problems will only get worse with time as the app will get more complex and unwieldy over time.  This is what happens when a company becomes too powerful. Congress needs to break up Amazon. 
Lately; this app is “freezing” up. You would think that a big company like Amazon would take their app development more seriously. I used to like shopping on my phone with the app, but now it is a pain! I hope they fix it. If not , I’ll do my shopping elsewhere.
Top bar icons (in green where the amazon logo displays) stops responding to touch intermittently. For example, sometimes you can click the “back arrow” or magnify glass for the “search” feature at the top of the screen and the app does not respond to the touch. If you close the app and reopen it, it works at first and then will stop responding to touch again.
The app just updated yesterday and now the top navigation bar does not work. No search, no back button, no home... only option is to close out the app and relaunch it.
No idea what happened with the new update, but I can not use the top of the app
Since the update yesterday the app constantly freezes up.
Can’t not use back arrow or search....not happy
I have never had a problem with this app until this last update. Now the top ribbon is chronically unresponsive. I can’t get the back arrow to work, access the menu or select my cart from the top. Please fix!
I’ve used this app for a long time but suddenly the buttons on the top (the Go back, search, and shopping cart buttons) only work sometimes. It’s really frustrating. I’m trying to buy stuff but it’s hindering my shopping experience.
I LOVED the app...until the latest update. Now all it does is freeze and is virtually Un-usable. Thinking about deleting it unless it gets fixed.
Please fix the “back” button, which isn’t working correctly since the app’s last update.
None of the navigational tabs at the top of the app work. I can only move within the middle screen which means I cannot view my lists, search for items, move backwards or go to my cart. Why can I still not buy kindle books from the app?!
Seems to be a new issue when going into a product description, or a list, and wanting to use back button for last page, arrow is not responding. Reboot did not solve.  I can close app from background and go back in, but it only helps temporarily and I have to continue doing this in order to use the app. It’s making it borderline unusable.  Strange bug that has never been a problem.  Not the only use having this problem.  Looking forward to it being fixed. 
Since the update to app on 1/12/18 the search doesn’t work one you have done one search and the display list doesn’t work either. A list shows when I click on list.  But when I click on show all lists it does nothing.  Can’t access all the lists.  Extremely frustrating!  I am having to use my computer to use Amazon.
Cannot use top menu bar at all. You add something to your cart and you cannot checkout.
I have used the Amazon app for YEARS and have never had an issue. Now all of a sudden it freezes up EVERY TIME I use it. Please fix!  I don’t know that I can live with it!!
I shop Amazon daily - whether it’s for actual purchases or just shopping around for prices and reviews, making wishlists, etc. I almost exclusively use this app when browsing/buying from Amazon. Lately with each update, it is more and more glitchy. With the last update, the app didn’t respond to any of my touches - particularly the search bar. I couldn’t type anything.  I deleted and reinstalled, and it is only slightly better. I can shop a little before it stops responding. But hard closing and reopening over and over is beyond frustrating. For some reason the ipad app (on my somewhat ancient iPad mini 2 - works like a dream still - so what gives with the phone version of the app???)  Amazon, I have loved you and been one of your biggest fans for years - but lately the way the app works, the searches function, the VAST amount of 3rd party sellers (of very questionable quality and that mean fewer things ship Prime), and your customer service - I am disappointed in the direction you have headed. Please get back to the Amazon we all knew and loved - your progress should not make you a worse company. But... it seems to be doing exactly that.  I wholeheartedly agree with the reviewer who said: make an option to disable the wishlist tray permanently.  I use the wishlist feature but hate the tray taking up space on my phone - and having to always worry about weird things accidentally getting added to my wishlists because I held my hand too long in one spot of the screen while I was distracted with something else.  Make the app more customize-able for happier end users.  For reference, I am using a 128 gb iPhone 6+, updated to the most current iOS as of this morning. I have 2/3rds of the space free on my phone. 
None of the top navigation buttons are working. I can’t search check my wish list or orders.  This problem just started happening.
Love Amazon but after my latest upgrade the app freezes!
This update is a nightmare!! Screen locks up, making it impossible to use!
All of a sudden after looking at items and descriptions it freezes and does not go back to previous page or cart or any icons that you press. Have to force close and reopen app
Not sure what it is but when my VPN is on the app crawls to a halt. Loading pages and time out errors. Turn off the VPN and it goes back to normal. Makes the app virtually unusable for me
This app makes it way too easy for me to order just about anything I can think up.... love...   The new update... the top of the app is unresponsive- ... that’s where the search bar is!! Now I can’t order anything I can dream up... hate...   This is the only app that does it- so I know it’s not the phone...   help? 
There’s an issue where I can’t press the buttons on the top banner after a while. They just don’t respond. Back button, cart, etc. very annoying. Have to restart the app. Clicking on something else appears to re-activate it too.
The other day the app automatically updated and now everything on the top bar is very buggy. The search bar in particular will not work at all - VERY inconvenient. Please fix!
After a few moments of use, the top portion of the screen where the “back arrow” and “shopping cart” are, become nonresponsive. I have to restart the app in order to get through purchases. This is a new problem is very annoying!!!
Love amazon but search function not working.. Can’t really use the app without it
the top bar with the back arrow and the hamburger menu doesn’t respond to touch! this is on multiple iphones. How the heck did amazon release this?
With this latest update, I can no longer type in the search bar. A shopping app is useless if I cannot search!
I’ll be browsing and the nav buttons will suddenly become unresponsive. So I can’t go back or open the hamburger menu or anything.   Only way to fix it is to force quit the app, which is extremely frustrating when you’re like pages deep in search results and have to lose your place in order to use the app. 
Since the last update tapping on the top portion where search, cart, etc frequently gets disabled and only solution is to either exit and reopen the app or force it to close and relaunch it. Makes searching such a pain and I’ve just quit using the app whenever I run into this problem.
The amazon app has always need good, but after the last OS update, and amazon app update, its quit responding to me. When I touch search or the drop down for my account or the back button in app to return to the previous page, it does nothing. This happens when I newly start the app and even restarting the app or phone doesn’t help. I tried to find a way to report this to amazon but there was nothing here or on their site or at the amazon help page. I hope this gets fixed soon!
Nothing in the top menu bar works and many functions like “See all lists” (wishlists) in the main screen also don’t work.
Normally the app works great, but I’m having trouble with the latest version.  After using the app for a while, it starts to develop “dead zones” in certain parts of the screen, particularly at the top bar.  I have to fully lose out of the app and restart it on my device to get it working again.
I’ve used this app for several years with no problems. This latest update is a problem. It won’t respond when I try to search for an item. It’s like it’s frozen. I have to close the app and then reopen for it to respond. Once I do that, it’ll work for one search item and then it’ll freeze again. Please fix!
App just updated & now I can’t use the back arrow up top. I have to force close & try again. It still doesn’t work....
App keeps on hanging if i go to cart every time i use this app. It has become practically impossible to use this on phone anymore! This is after the latest update.
Wish lists are un-clickable, so is the notification for items in the cart changing price. This is after the search field was just now restored to working after being disabled for about a day. These are basic functions.
Never had one bit of problem with this app and now the top menu freezes all the time!  Horrible update!
The last update was horrible. My app freezes as soon as I open a product and I can’t get out of it. Needs a fix and soon. I’ve never had a problem until now and it makes me want to scream in frustration!
I’ve been using this app for years with no issues. Yesterday’s update makes it so the back button and menu button are unresponsive. Have tested this on 3 different iPhones. It’s a shame because I use this app everyday
This app has too many glitches. Half the time I have to get on my laptop to order products. Every time I go to check out on the app something goes wrong. Either I get stuck in a weird loop of clicking the same buttons over and over or there is just an issue and it won’t allow me to proceed with my checkout. I pay for a prime membership too and I have yet to be able to use my benefits because it will never allow me to on my phone. Thinking about ending my relationship with Amazon all together. They really need to step up their game if they want to keep happy customers.
Are use Amazon regularly to shop. The new version has me constantly restarting. Every time I click on a product, I cannot return back because the top toolbar does not work. Please fix this.
Back button stopped working under iOs 11.2.2 Update needed...iPhone freezes in App requiring page removal or restart to use App 
This used to be one of the most reliable apps.  Now the developers are breaking basic functionality.  This new version will lockup the top navigation bar to the point that the app becomes useless.  Takes 3-4 restarts of the app just to buy a couple of things.
Once I do a product search, I have difficulty getting back to a search or main menu as the menus are unresponsive to touch.  On occasion they work perfectly fine.  Close and reopen the app in order to fix, but then I lose my results list.
Ever since this new update I have been having problems with the Amazon tool bar at the top. I can't search or got back. I have to close the app and open it back up. It will only work that one time you do something with it but after that you have to close it and do the same thing over again.
The last update on 1/11 has slowed everything to a halt.  The search field is super slow to respond and most of the time you can’t even use or select the search box.  I hope someone knows about this ...
After the latest update, the icons in the top bar randomly stop responding to touch. So I can't search, view the menu, view my cart, etc. The app has been rendered virtually useless.   Would also be great to have a feature where I can get a web link in the app to share with a friend. Now I find things in the app but have to use the web app if I want to share a link. 
Recently, every time I search for a product I can’t go back or search something new. I have to close the app in order to do a new search. I read online that there are other users experiencing the same problem. The app support option isn’t helpful in terms of submitting this report. Hope there’s a fix coming soon
The app will work fine at first but the then both icon bars and all buttons will lock up. For some odd reason you can still scroll but once it locks up, you are forced to close and restart the app. I’d wait until the next update before you download it or make any purchases.
I can no longer click on the search or the cart button in the top ribbon of the app since the latest iOS update.  Now it’s impossible to shop in my phone and I’m sure it’s happening to others and hurting your business. I have an iPhone SE.
Yesterday’s update broke the app. After looking at a products pictures the back arrow no longer works and you have to get out of the app and re-search to get back to the search list. Please fix!
I use this app almost daily or every other day. Today once I click on an item to view it, the back button no longer works. Neither does the menu or any of the other buttons across the top. I think whatever new version they did yesterday is what is screwing this up. Please fix. The only option I have is to close the app down and try to start over every time I want to view an item. I’m on an iPhone 7 Plus.
The search, cart, menu, and camera buttons all keep becoming unresponsive until I close and reopen app. Then become unresponsive again very quickly.
The new version of Amazon app is not working properly. When I click on the cart nothing happens. I have to close Amazon app and reopen it. It happens on other things you click as well as much as even the back button. I really like Amazon’s apps but this one needs a little tweaking.
I cannot access any of the buttons on the top of the app when I am viewing items and cannot back out of them.  Have to close the app to move forward with shopping
iPhone X cannot use back button, cannot type in search.  Useless until fixed !
It just updated. On my iPhone 7, the options on the top menu won't work. I tap the search or the back arrow, etc., and after the first time it won't work. I close it all the way down and I get one chance. Mistakes happen. Please fix it.
Since using this app for my baby registry, I’ve discovered tons of issues. I often can’t click on items in my registry (it doesn’t display sizes selected and I have to go to the item each time to remind myself what I’ve registered for) and have to minimize it, wait a few minutes, and try again. When I do manage to click on an item on my registry, the back button takes me back to all of my lists, not my registry. Recently I can’t even access my registry at all and have to go through Safari. I try to click on my lists but it’s like there is no link. Nothing happens.
Since the last update, I cannot use the back button to go back to the list after viewing a product! I have to close the entire app, then go back into it, and start search again, scroll through list to find where I left off. EXTREMELY INFURIATING! PLEASE FIX ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not sure what happened!  This app was pretty much the only app that consistently worked without question.  Then the most recent update appears to have caused issues with the top row menu links (back, search, etc). They freeze and no longer respond. Very annoying!  Get on it Bezos!
The app works fine, but there are some features missing from the iPad version of this app. There’s no way to view “Interesting Finds” like on the iPhone and web browser, unless it’s just really convoluted and I can’t figure it out. Also no way to view pictures that people have posted in reviews of products? Small issues, but they force me to browse on my smaller iPhone when I want to browse on my iPad.
When you search and click on an item within the search results, the back button from the product detail page doesn’t work half the time. You can still scroll and click on other links on the product detail page, it’s just the upper left corner of the screen that’s stopped working. Only way to get back to the search results is by swiping left to right. Please fix.
I love this app but since the last update I have trouble with the back button. It’s so frustrating.
Never had any issues until this version. Now many times when I click to look at an item and then hit back arrow or home button there is no response. I must close the app and reload it. Happens often.
Since the latest update I can not click the search bar to search for items!! Please this as the app is useless if I can’t search for what I need. Thanks
Latest update has an issue with the “back” arrow.   Can’t go back.  Only way to exit is to close app and double tap home button to completely close out app.  Very frustrating.
App is super buggy now. Occasionally, the top menu just stops working (dead links). In shopping cart, you cannot change quantity of items. So far, that’s what I have discovered. Most likely, there are more issues I am currently unaware of. Please fix soon!
It’s constantly acting frozen.  I try closing it out, turning off and on my phone, still acts that way. Only having this issue since the latest iPhone update.  I can’t get it to search or go back... it just acts unresponsive to lots of my directions.
I don’t know what happened with this latest update, but the toolbar at the top often stops working on my 6s and I need to close and reopen the app to make it work again. App is basically useless when you can’t even get to your shopping cart to check out.
After going to the wish list, the top horizontal menu doesn’t work. Such as Back or Search feature. After phone reboot it works again.   After looking at item, cannot go back. But the app recovers if I reboot just the app. So I look at item then cannot go back. I reboot app and re-search.  Rather time consuming.   I consider this a catastrophic issue for such a large generally competent company like Amazon. 
New bug in latest version where the back and menu button DO NOT work. Please fix. Otherwise love the app.
After tapping on a product image, to enlarge it, the back button stops responding. You have to completely close out the app and restart, then re-do your search.   Very frustrating!  (iPhone 7+ with latest iOS update) 
When I go to wish lists, the “See all wishlists” button doesn’t work.  I can’t get to my other lists.  I’m on an iPhone 6s.  Please fix.
I’m rating the app a 1 star rating only for the simple fact that the pesky tray feature is absolutely annoying! I can hide it, I can minimize it, but no matter what I do I can’t ever seem to get rid of it. It’s absolutely annoying that every time I save something to one of my wishlists, that stupid tray will automatically pop up again. If it wasn’t for this feature, I would have give the app a 5 star rating because other than this, I absolutely love this app.
The current version on iPhone 7 Plus has a problem where the top bar stops working (like the touch screen is dead there, but only after browsing a bit into the app).  Also, the filtering option glitches a lot, though not always, where it just makes the screen gray out in the background and sits there.  Never had an issue until recently and I’ve used it for years.  5-Stars until now.
When trying to click on the back arrow or on search nothing happens.
The app won’t let me update anything! After trying to checkout 50 times, when I finally get to the checkout I can’t update shipping, point preferences etc. When checking out it asks for my password then I receive a “something went wrong error” but if I keep trying it finally lets me checkout. Then in checkout it won’t let me change to free shipping or choose to use my points or not. It glitches and throws me back to my cart. Seriously the most frustrating app ever. I’d rather go to the store and buy what I need than have to mess with this dang app!
Fix the app. I use to use it everyday but ever since the "back button" stopped working I no longer bother with the app.   If I open an item to read reviews it won't allow me to go back to my search.  I have to close the app and reopen, which as you can imagine is time consuming.   I spend more time closing and opening the app than I do searching for what I need.
I keep having to force close the app in order to get it to be touch responsive. Please fix. iPhone 7 11.2.2
Hell there is some weird issue with amazon on the iPhone X. I am in able to use the top button (back, cart) I usually have close out the app then re open it but that’s kinda unfortunate. Please fix thank you
Just after upgrade to latest amazon app the top bar back arrow and search functions freeze up with no response. Not good as I do plenty of purchases from my iPhone. Amazon fix this issue!
Latest update appears to have broken basic navigation. Once I click to view an item, back button (and other buttons in menu bar) stops working on an iPhone X running 11.2.2. Makes app unusable. 
Latest update broke the navigation buttons on iPhone X. Have to quit and relaunch app frequently to make it responsive.
When viewing an item, no icons in the top blue area work on iPhone X. Please fix this. Thank you.
the “back” arrow doesn’t work. you have to close the app and reopen so it’s too annoying to use.
Needs a new update. Back arrow button and menu box not working.
You guys broke the nav bar!!! When I first open the app the nav bar works great. BUT, after I select YOUR LISTS I'm taken to the default list, fine. But then when I try to change to a different list, shopping cart or do anything in the nav bar NOTHING WORKS!!!! Frustrating!!!
Can not go back or any where else. App freezes when you use it. This is the second time I had to uninstall and wait for improvements.  Again I will remove the app and go to my browser to use amazon. The app is zero benefit I don’t plan on using again 
It would be nice if you could easily switch account to your business account. Maybe I just don’t see it? Something like google drive set up would be great. Or just duplicate the app in the App Store with a new creative name like.... “Amazon Business”
The new update this week you can't tap and type in the search menu. Not just me, others in my house. Also they still a year later haven't fixed the glitch that doesn't allow you to make a second purchase within a reasonable amount of time... on the second purchase you click to move to the cart and then the sale... and then it glitches and takes you back to the first home screen.
The latest update did not help. I can no longer use the buttons for search, back, cart, etc. ALL the buttons in the top blue search bar do not work. Please please fix this! I use this app ALL THE TIME!!
I would give the app a 5 star rating if it weren’t for one incredibly annoying issue - the back arrow in the upper left corner only works about 10% of the time.  I’m forced to close out of the app, go back in and start all over and, usually, it still won’t work.
I have been using the Amazon app for years.  Worked well until after last update. Now it freezes up often.  I have to restart the app.  Scrolling still works.  Just cannot press on anything.
After clicking on a product from search results, the back arrow and hamburger menu are non-responsive. You have to force close the app, re-open, search again, select a product, repeat. It’s painful. Please fix!!!
When the app updated on 1/12/2018 the navigation bar on the top stops working after a while. I can’t go back, search, or open my shopping cart. I gave to close and reopen the app to get it to navigate. Then it stops after a few seconds. Also very hard to get support for the app. I wanted them to help resolve this issue before I posted a negative review.  FIX IT PLEASE! 
New version is not responding to touch screen on iPhoneX. Tapping search bar to type is not responding. Have to go online to order.
I downloaded an update this week and the app stops allowing me to use any of the fields or buttons on the top of the screen (back, search, menu, cart). I have to completely exit the app and go back in to get it working again, but it doesn’t last and I have to that over and over. Shopping is almost impossible!! FIX THIS PLEASE!!!!
If I’m searching for an item, and I click on one to get a better view, I can’t scroll back to the main list. I have to close the app, reopen it and type what I’m searching for to move on looking at different items.  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but that did not fix the problem. 
I’ve used the app for a while, but in the last few days the in app back arrow does not work. If you click on a product description and try to go back to your search the back button freezes. I then had to close the app and start my search all over. VERY FRUSTRATING!! Please Fix ASAP!!!
Just updated. Now I can’t tap anywhere in the header area. Got stuff in my cart, but I can’t buy them. Nice job, app devs!
The top area of my app to arrow Back, search, and go to main page freezes or is non responsive after several moments. I have deleted appt and reset phone and this is still happening for about a week now.
Latest update has bugs, back page doesn't work
I used to love this app, but since the latest update, it freezes and I can’t use the back button or access any of the top level menu. Very frustrating! I deleted and reinstall app, that did nothing. Do better, Amazon!
In the latest version, the “back” button will randomly stop working. The only way to fix it is to completely shut off the app, not just background it. Also the “search function is now not working, and I can not find any way to report these bugs on Amazon’s site!
The top navigation doesn’t respond after this update!!!!!!!!👿👿👿👿Last update app has been slow  Please optimize the loading of items in cart and home screen page I like the app just needs improvements to have all website features/options  Buggy can’t click on my cart now 
Worked fine until latest update. Freezes at the top in the search bar and back button. Have to force quit the app to get it to work. Deleted the app and reinstalled, didn’t fix, rebooted phone, still didn’t fix
Just updated yesterday. Now I can’t use the back button or any other button at the top of the screen. It’s not my phone (iPhone X). Every other app works as it should.
I want to love this app. For 6-8 I stubbornly refused to download the app bc I didn’t want one more thing taking up space on my phone. I was just going to the website from Safari every time til I finally broke down and downloaded it. At first I loved the quick access bc I have come to rely on amazon and my prime account a lot (bc shopping for random items you need at various stores HOPING you find what you want is daunting with toddlers when you can find it on your phone and have it at your door in two days).  I started getting irritated with the wish lists. I really don’t like the bar at the bottom and I don’t see how to get rid of it. I also don’t like that it’s difficult to find all my lists since I have a few to keep up with Birthday gift ideas for different family members. And today has been my biggest annoyance. I just updated the app after having no problems and today I can barely use the app. I am trying to order 5 items and the app keeps locking up. I can only navigate about 3-4 pages before everything in the blue bar stops working. I can scroll on the page I am on but I have no way of leaving the page without fully closing the app and going back in.  Please please please fix this. Amazon and it’s app has made life easier for me, I want that back!!! 
This app seems to be getting worse and worse. I’m not sure if they are optimizing for iPhone X while I still have an iPhone 6s Plus but there have been several glitches. First is when I hit an “options” button such as sorting reviews, I cannot view or pick the sort by options because it is way off the screen that I cannot get to. So ok, whatever, I can deal with that I suppose. But now, when I click an item to view, all of the options at the top become disabled such as the back button, home button and options button so it basically renders it useless. I have to exit the app, search again but when I click on an item, they become disabled again. I found this rather annoying after about 10 minutes. Until there is a fix, I’ll probably shop elsewhere.
The newest update keeps locking up. If you click into a product to read about you can’t arrow back to your previous screen. The entire top bar locks up and does nothing. The app needs to be restarted. Not a pleasant experience having to close and reopen a bunch of times.
I love the amazon app, make almost all my orders directly from the app. Unfortunately after the latest update the app freezes all the time not allowing to tap on anything. I have to close and open it again and again but it continues to happen, really frustrating. Never happened prior to this last update. Please fix.
So after the latest update all seemed well. I got on like normal and searched up something I was thinking of buying. Clicked on an item to read about it and decided I wanted to read about another one before deciding. WRONG! I wasn’t able to use the top navigation bar. I tried clicking on the search bar, back arrow, cart, menu and the amazon button that takes you back to the main page. But it was as if I was clicking on nothing. I was still able to scroll up and down the page though.  Closed the app and tried again but this time I clicked on my cart first. Same thing happened and the top bar got disabled. 
Doesn’t work properly. App doesn’t allow you to make selections and gets stuck on one screen. Never had this issue on Samsung Galaxy Note.
Can’t click on the search bar.  Using iPhone X. Amazon please fix. Now I just use Amazon website instead of app.
After this last update the top bar no longer responds to touch. Makes shopping frustrating and inconvenient. Please fix.
The top bar of the app doesn’t work most of the time. I loved this app but it’s infuriating that I can’t hit the back button or or menu or search or cart.
App works fine. Fix your back button. It stops working after I click on an item. I shouldn't have to close the app and restart it to make a new search.
Please fix bugs. I enjoy Amazon app, but NOT happy about this last update. I can’t contact app support about it either because it reroutes me to app purchases. I’m having problems with search tools bar. I can’t click on search bar or back arrow after viewing a product. Unsure of what else could be wrong, since I can’t get past these malfunctions.
The back button, search bar or other top app screen buttons go completely unresponsive, tried on another device same thing...
Miss latest update screwed up the top menu bar them. It responds one time, but after that, no response, and I have to force quit the app for it to work again.
Seriously Amazon?  This is the worst update yet! Half of my functions don’t even work.  I can’t view any of wishlist other than my default wishlist, the back button doesn’t work, the search button doesn’t work half the time, and it freezes on pages to where you can scroll but have to shutdown the app to get off that page.
When shopping around and navigating through various products, the top menu bar (back arrow, menu, search bar, checkout, etc.) occasionally becomes unresponsive. I’ve found that the only way to fix this is to restart the app, which is really frustrating and causes me to lose where I was. This is extremely annoying when trying to cross-shop multiple products.
Apple iPhone 7 Plus. Downloaded the latest IOS update 1/11/18. Updated Amazon Mobile App 1/12/18. Can’t select the back arrow, search bar,  or shopping cart. Can only scroll up and down screen. This has been happening all day. I force quit the app several times and restarted my phone several times. No luck. Please please fix.
Not sure what’s going on but my Amazon app keeps freezing. Mainly in the menu bar and back button. I can scroll up and down, but everything else is frozen.
Jeff Bezos  is giving Dreamers $33 million? Well goodbye amazon.  You need to help the homeless in our country and our veterans.  I loved shopping with you but not anymore.
The search bar is all of a sudden unresponsive and I have to continuously close the app and reopen to perform searches...
I really like the app, however I do have three things that bug me. One, it’s gotten a glitch of some sort that it won’t respond when I hit the back button or open the Home, order, list, etc. bars. I am left with closing and reopening the app multiple times while I search. It is not my phone as I tried it with other apps and it responds good. Second, why is it so difficult to but ebooks? I have to go to safari to do so, can’t from the app. And third, why is the music unlimited so expensive for amazon prime users if I’m already paying for prime?
The navigation bar is unresponsive much of the time. Can’t tap on search or menu or back.
The search bar is unresponsive, I tried resetting the app and the result was the same. A update would be greatly appreciated considering the search bar is the most important part of the app.
The Amazon app continuously freezes on me after the latest update.  Please fix ASAP!
Please fix app. Keep lockup when looking at products. It won’t back out. Have closed app Thank you 
What has happened to this app since the newest update? I’ll search for an item, click on it, then all of a sudden the back arrow or anything on the top bar doesn’t work! Sometimes on the home page I can’t search items because it doesn’t allow me to click in the search bar! It’s awful now! And it’s not my phone as my screen works in that area once out of this app.
Added terrible wish list tray that takes up space.  Sure, I have wish lists, but I don’t always need to see them.  Basic features like menu and search stopped working with latest update.  The top bar just doesn’t respond to touch, but only sometimes.  If I click on a different page, some buttons work, on another page, none of the buttons work, and yet on another, all of them work.  Very glitchy, untested beta released.  Get it together Amazon. 
After selecting an item to look at more closely the IPhone version will not let you back out to the searched items also cannot access the search window and other items along the top menu. Couldn’t find any other location to make a bug report except for this comment section.
Just notice today open amazon its not working ill force quit re open haha good day
Amazon is a safe haven. It has mostly been updating for the better which I’m surprised despite how old Amazon and this app, themselves are! The only thing that has been bothering me for quite sometime is that the number of items you have on your wishlist can appear and sometime it isn’t. I’m not picky but if I was going to save some memory unit, I would have to know for sure how much stuff I have all together on my wishlist. Counting does work but if I loose count somehow, it can take a lot of time and effort.
One would think that the “richest person in the world” would employ people who could develop an application that would work properly. This last update seems to freeze the app and when I tap to go back or search for another product, nothing happens. The app evidently has some bugs and response issues at the API level.
Touch input is frequently not registering on my iPhone X when using the app. This app is the only one causing issues. I frequently have to force close the app and open it again for touch to work.
this last update my app does not work anything stays stuck
Bezos would rather support illegal aliens than pay his employees enough to get off of gov’t assistance. What a cheapskate!
Noticed this in the last couple of days - top Nav bar stops responding to touch. Everything else still works but all of the sudden I’m unable to go from product view back to search results, tap on cart, etc. Not sure if it happens after few minutes or after looking at numerous search items but that’s when I notice it. At that point, I have to shut down the app and start over again 😔
Use the app a lot and like it very much but New update  not working to go back, go to cart, none of the options on the top row will work now. Also there is no easy way to send this information to someone to look into.
I will order something and then minutes later it will disappear! I have never had this problem before and it makes me want to delete this app and use another one instead. Also the things I already bought won't leave my orders tab and it's not enjoyable to think you ordered something twice and wasted money on something you already bought and received. I was also told I would get an email about fixing it in the next 24 hours. I didn't receive the email. This app is too much work for me to handle. other then that the products, product searches, and product filters are great.
So glitchy lately.  I search, check an item out then I'm stuck.  Can't go back, can't click on my cart can't do anything.  Nothing is registering.  Have to close out the app completely and start all over again each time I want to look at something.
Buggy...non functioning 'back' and 'see all lists' features.  Uninstall reinstall seems to be working to resolve it. 
Love this app, but the nav bar at the top stopped working consistently. 5 stars once this is fixed.
I’ve used the app for years and never had an issue. The recent update makes the app freeze. I have not been able to search, add to cart, or look at my account.
The toolbar at the top stops working after I view a product, meaning I can’t use the back button or the menu button. If I want to look up another product, I have to force quit the app and start all over. Never had this issue before, and it’s terrible!
Ever since the update, the top bar where the back button and search button are becomes unresponsive once you click on a item to view. I have to close out the app then relaunch it just to continuing browsing
I have multiple lists for certain items, i.e. cleaning supplies, gift ideas for my family, tools and automotive, etc. Now when I open the menu and select view list, I see my primary list, but when I try to click view all list to see my lists and my friends saved list, nothing happens. Please fix!!!
Every since the last update I can’t go back after reading an item I pick. I have to close the app and come back to nothing! I pay for prime and I sometimes I want to select same day or next day and I can’t sort my search that way any more. Really thinking of not renewing this year!
Every time I want to access orders it wants my Touch ID and when I put my fingerprint on it says that something went wrong...
Since the latest update I can’t use the back arrow to return to the product list after I click on an item to view the details about 80% of the time. This makes it really hard to shop and makes me reluctant to click on anything as I have to force close the app sometimes to return to the previous screens
If Jeff Bezos can create $33 million for illegal immigrants in the US to go to college he should match that for veterans and poor Americans. Especially inner city kids.   Just wow. 
The Amazon app needs to have just one app instead of having multiple different apps for your needs. Just one centralized app that can do it all so you don’t have to go back and forth.
The whole top half of app is unresponsive to touch. None of the buttons work. Can’t go home, to your cart, search, etc.
Wow, latest version has a lot of bugs with the tap recognition in the top banner / blue part of the app. I have to force quit and relaunch the app to get it to recognize taps...but after viewing one product page, the tap recognition stops working again. Can’t even make a purchase with the app.
On my last update notice that the search bar won’t open sometimes and the back button doesn’t work at times! Thanks
The latest update has rendered the search bar unusable. The entire app routinely freezes when I tap the search bar or simply won’t respond at all. Please fix this!!
The back arrow will not work now that I updated my app. I need to keep closing the app each time I want to continue my shopping. Please fix ASAP! Thanks! Otherwise, love this app.
When you click on an item in the $10 and under category, you’re stuck with it. You can’t go back to the list of items and you can’t go to the menu...or anywhere else. You have to close the app and start over again.  Good idea, but needs fixing. 
DON'T THESE KAZILLIONAIRES HAVE ENOUGH CASH TO FIX THIS MOTHER FUKKING APP GET IT DONE SLACKERS
I tap the search field and nothing happens.  Tried restarting app and still doesn’t work.
The update that I just ran has disabled my search bar you can’t even click on it. Please fix!
Latest update stops working correctly after browsing items.  Primarily the top navigation buttons to go back to the previous screen or jump to the home page stops working. I have closed the app, removed from memory and launched again.  No change. App continuously fails in the same way. 
I love amazon but the app keeps freezing, won’t let me search anything after the new update. I have to completely restart the app in order to search for new items. Wish list items are showing up as duplicates when the wish list tray is not hidden. Please fix these bugs
I can’t select the search area or the Alexa button without closing the entire app and reopening it
The app won’t allow me to search after the last update.
Will update review once it's working again after another update  UPDATE 1/12: recent update still made this app unusable. Not you’re making my phone look like it has touch disease or something. Please fix ASAP 
At various times the app locks the header and none of the command functions work, can’t backup, can’t access the menu etc. really weird since I had no problem using the old version on an iPhone 4s but on iOS 11 on a 6s bubkiss.
I’ve been using this app for years, the latest update has caused major problems.  I’m trying to shop and can no longer use the “back” arrow  or enter things in the search bar.  The entire row of controls at the top just completely stops responding requiring me to quit the app and then restart it.  Makes shopping next to impossible.
Just updated the app that’s always worked perfectly for years and now my search bar and back button don’t work! There’s no way to type in what you’re looking for! Help amazon!
App all of sudden is not allowing me to write in the search engines and not go backwards. Have never had issues before I’ve had to shut the app off and on to be able to navigate.
I’ve loved the amazon app and use it often, until the update I took yesterday. The toolbar (arrows and search mostly) keeps freezing/is not responsive, and you have to close and restart the app. Driving me nuts. Please fix it!
I don’t know what happened with this update but the search and back button on the top bar got buggy. Sometimes they work and sometimes not, multiple restarts of the app, and restarting of the phone, sometimes help. Some times not. So this was a crappy update if you ask me!
So the new update today makes it so I have to close and restart the app because it won’t navigate or type in any fields. Very frustrating.
What the hell is going on with your app today.  Keeps freezing.
Used to work fine but since update can’t click on cart or back arrow half the time. Wish I could get the original version back.
As soon as I updated it, the app kept freezing on me. I have an iPhone X and when I would click on an item it would freeze on that page. I can scroll up and down but that’s it. I can’t go back or click on the search button or even go to checkout. This is an inconvenience.
Top navigation bar becomes unresponsive. Have to constantly force quit app. Please fix
The menu bar (back button, search button, etc) are frozen in latest update of both the amazon app and iPhone iOS update. Please fix
Firstly. I have to force close the app on iPhone X in order for the search field to work. secondly. I keep accidentally making orders with the virtual dash buttons. This app was fine the way it was. Don’t fix something that ain’t broken.
The back arrow, menu, and search buttons no long work on the mobile app. Better go back to the drawing board!!
I can’t go back or search anything after i do the first time
Have to force quit out of the app to exit out of a product. Please fix.
I get error messages when logging into cart to submit purchase and while i’m attempting to review past orders. It also has been crashing when I change delivery address before purchase. I have to move to a web browser to finish purchases.
The latest update is horrible! I can’t click on the search bar or shopping cart without issue.
Just updated today. Whenever I use the new section, $10 w/free shipping; that you talked about in this update I cannot use the back arrow (top of app upper left) after I choose to look at an item. In fact, I cannot use any of the icons in the upper area. I tested out the previous app version on a different iPhone & I can use all the icons on the top row. Tiny problem with the latest update?
I get an error message stating, “Sorry something went wrong, Please try again.” as of lately everytime I attempt to checkout, update subscribe and save, review orders etc....  That seems to be the only thing the app can do. 
The top blue bar has stopped working. You can’t look at your account or hit the back button. Please fix
I’m not able to use my search option with the new update, or any actions, for that matter!  Makes it pretty hard to shop!
After I look at something the whole top bar stops working can’t go back can’t search and go to cart for check out these bugs need fixed
After viewing an item I am unable to click the search button or my cart or anything. I have to close and reopen, then repeat, very frustrating. Please fix this since I use this app daily
Amazon —- please make sure this app works properly? Not thrilled since I constantly shop on Amazon app and for the first time in years this app is simply acting up. There’s a bug of some sort I think. My iPhone works perfectly with all my other apps - no problem with them at all. So, when I click My Orders with this app, I can view only one item and then all freezes up. I cannot go back or forward or do search or even try to contact Amazon. I have to literally shut down my iPhone and once it reboots, then I can go back to Amazon and again attempt to do more than one thing and hope I’ll be stuck again. I cannot search or check my orders after my first try and the same old thing happens repeatedly after I reboot my phone. Well, I decided to delete the app entirely, in the hopes that once I reinstall it it, it will work perfectly normal prior to the past 48 hours of pure constantly freezing madness! Not a happy prime member. Fix bugs ASAP. Apple said it’s Amazon. So there!
11.01.0 induces a bug where after viewing some items the buttons become unresponsive click search, home, list, and nothing happens. Have to close the app and start over. Please fix
When clicking on certain links in the app such as trying to change wish lists the app won’t even respond.
I can’t choose to check my cart or search or even my account tab
I cannot access my wish lists. The first list might come up but then the "see all lists" button doesn't work. I can't get to my book list! Dude, do not mess with my books. Ever.    Horrible browsing due to wish tray. How many times do I have to hide the stupid thing? Just because I add an item doesn't mean I want the whole stupid tray back up! Give it to Waldo so it can get lost!      Second, last night I couldn't even change pages if the tray was up. (& it's up all the time) I'd save an item then hit the go back & would go no where. Took me a minute to figure out I had to hide the tray before being able to navigate. What's next for an update? Invisible secret decoder rings?    I'm annoyed because I have to repeatedly turn off & clear browsing history.    Would love if off actually meant off! The enthusiasm of the save tray is obscene. Make it stop. 
I have an iPhone and absolutely love the app, use it ALL THE TIME BUT....the last day or two I’ve had an issue. I can search but once I click on something I can’t got back. I hit the back arrow and it does nothing. I have to “kill” the app and go back into it. So annoying please fix!
This app used to work well. All of a sudden not working after the latest Apple update. Back arrow not working, menu button not working, cart not working. Basically everything at the top of the app screen doesn’t work anymore. 😡 Fix The app! Amazon you are losing my business every day, by having a non-working app.
Latest iOS upgrade to Amazon app comes with glitches.  I can only go forward; never back.  For example, if I look for balloons and want to go back to the list after viewing a specific item, I have to search all over again.  This is silly and needs to be corrected.  I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling.  No help.   Very frustrating.  Please fix. 
I have issues with the app not responding when I try to type in the search field or use the back button. I tap and tap, but nothing happens. I then have to close/restart the app to get it to work. I never had any of the issues in previous versions over the past few years.
Please disable wish list tray.
With the last iOS update, my Amazon App is freezing up. I cannot go back, click on the menu, or search. It's completely frozen. I have to close out the app and begin my search over. Which, if I'm searching for something specific, is a pain in the butt.
I love amazon and I love being a prime member. But the app gets worse and worse every time I update it. Wish list bar, ten different steps just to purchase something. And now that I updated it today, I can’t click on anything. I click on a product, I can no longer hit back, buy, click on my cart. Nothing. I have to force close my app and then I get the same problem two seconds later. Please fix before I delete the app and discontinue use.
I can’t click anything on the top of the screen!! Back arrow, my notifications, search or my cart etc. I have to keep closing the app and opening it again, and starting over. This started happing after the most recent update today. Annoying.
It only lets me tap on things for so long until it just completely stops working and I cannot backspace, browse or anything. Pretty much anything I click on won’t work and I have to completely get out of the app! This hasn’t ever happened until the most recent update. Please fix!!!!!
This app has been great until the latest update. Now the menu bar is non-responsive leaving the app useless.
The newest update has frozen the back button when browsing. please fix this!!
I'm an avid Amazon shopper and use this app regularly. Unfortunately the newest update has rendered the app completely useless. Once you view an item and either delve into the description or the reviews, the menu bar completely stops working. That menu bar also includes the back button/arrow so you cannot get out of the screen you are in. You have to complete shut don the app, not just exit, to get the bar functionality back. Then it happens all over again when you view another item. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, and the problem persists. The app is now completely useless.
App is nicely built. Good shopping experience
Unable to tap search or type in search. Sluggish performance overall. Unable to go back within results. Restarted app 3 times so far.
The new update is awful. The back button stops working and can’t get into the cart or use the search bar.
The app was working just fine until the last couple updates came along!! Now I can’t use the app to purchase anything. I can add to my cart but can’t check out. Fix please!
For some reason, after tapping to view a product, I can’t get the back arrow to work to go back to my search to view other products. It just gets stuck on that first viewed product.  (iPhone 6S Plus) 
Latest update will not allow to search in the search bar in iPhone X
My amazon app is not responding. I press the search icon and it won’t respond I press the back icon and it won’t respond. I can scroll up and down, but It won’t respond when I press on the icons.
I have never had a problem with this app. In fact, it was always great as far as I was concerned. Since the latest update today, however, it constantly freezes. You have to shut it down and reopen to get to another screen. Very annoying!
There has been a long-term problem scrolling through your saved for later items in the cart, as the app does battle between showing you that and showing you what other people buy in the same space, usually to the point where it becomes impossible, and it refreshes items it has already shown you against and again. This issues sometimes makes me choose another store’s app to shop with, and you lose business.   The new problem, that let me know there was an issue, was when I couldn’t select items at the top of the screen without restarting the app.   This became frustrating as I missed deal deadlines twice and ultimately didn’t buy the somewhat impulse items. It’s not like I am going to go back and find these daily deals some other times.   I love Amazon, but you need to make it easy for me to buy throngs again. I don’t have an old phone and I have the most up to date iOS. 
Every time I look at a product now I can’t go back to my search results or even prime home page. The app was fine the way it was guys, not sure what happened.
The new update is terrible! Freezes up and you have to get completely out of the app to unfreeze it. Please fix this as it is terribly inconvenient.
Since last update, when I'm in the shopping cart, if I tap on one of my items, the app takes me to the item page, but then the top menu bar gets disabled, I can't go back or go to the cart.
After updating now when I search I can’t use the back button or close out the search
Here’s an “Amazon Review!” The top portion of the latest app is not working with the latest version of iOS!!!!
Just updated the app this week and now I have problems with the top task bar responding when I tap to go back a page, search, or bring up the drop down menu. I have to constantly restart the app and reopen for it to work. It worked perfectly fine before the update.
This app is very user friendly and has a ton of functionality. There is obviously room to improve with everything, but I have zero complaints as is!
I use this app daily and I have for several years. Mostly, I have had no issues. But, as of yesterday, January 11, 1018, several buttons are not working. Basically the top navigation bar just freezes up periodically and I have to restart the app. Buttons that freeze up and stop working are the back button, cart, drop down navigation menu, etc. It’s gotten so annoying now that I had to come and change my review. PLEASE FIX!
After looking at a page or two he app freezes and won’t navigate to any other page.  Won’t go back... won’t do anything.  I have to close the app and try all over again and same thing.  Please fix bug and I will switch back to five stars.
I can't seem to search for products nor can I get to my cart from tapping it in the top menu bar. Is this happening to anyone else?
The top bar, including search bar are sometimes unresponsive to touch since the new update.
It’s very glitchy, and a little disorganized. Not very user-friendly, and there’s a ton of fake reviews on a lot of products. I recommend people to visit websites like Fakespot to determine if reviews are deceitful or not. Lastly, Amazon should have no excuse for their mobile app to be this bad if they are one of the richest companies in the world.
I'm a heavy user of this app, bit this latest update has me running back to the web page. Freezes every time I open it.
With the latest Amazon IOS update for my 7+, came a huge bug I’ve never experienced in all the years of problem free Amazon app use. Now when I open any item to view it, clicking on the left arrow to back out, completely freezes up the app. It stays stuck on the item I was viewing. The only way I can fix this is to exit the app entirely, and then remove it from running in the background and then restarting it. If this bug isn’t fixed soon, I’ll assuming Amazon only wants me to look at items without buying them. Please fix for frustration free shopping?
After searching for an item the entire menu is inoperable, I can’t access my cart, or return to the start up page
This latest version of the app freezes constantly on my iPhone 8 plus.
Open app, browse to an item, read its reviews. After that functions in top menu bar stop working and you can’t go back or choose other options. Have to restart the app
Idk what they did but with this most recent update I can’t click on my lists, the search bar, the back button. Pretty much made the app useless for me now.
The back arrow (to search results), cart icon, and the list icon keep freezing! I have to close the app and reopen it constantly. Please fix!!!!!!
Many touch features do not work now, like the SEARCH bar! Fix it
I love this app it is great for what it has been made for. But  I always get please check your network connection. I get that quite often. (CS1). Can you please get this problem fix. Or  tell me what causes this problem. I have full service on my cell phone when I am getting this problem.  Thanks.
Last update rendered the navigation bar and some other features completely useless. Running latest iOS on iPhone X. Anyone else having this issue?
Please fix this last update. I updated and now my search window or back buttons do not work!!!! I use Amazon a lot so this update stinks!!! Needs fixed.
Last update freezes the app within a couple seconds of use. Please fix!
Current version won’t allow me to click “View all lists” from my main wishlist, so I can’t look at my husband’s wishlist to get him something. It’s like there’s a dead spot on the screen where my finger won’t register. I was worried that it may be my phone (now old 5S), but other apps will register my touch in that same spot. I had no problems with functionality prior to this update.   *Update* The problem seems to be the wishlist tray at the bottom of the screen. As soon as I hide it, the entire screen works again. I added an item to my wishlist and the wishlist tray popped back up, then suddenly none of the top row buttons were working. Once I hid the tray again, everything returned to normal. 
Sometimes the search magnifying glass is not working, as well as the “back” arrow - this all happened since the last update.
Whatever the latest update did, it has made the app barely functional. You can shop for a little bit them all of a sudden the back arrow button stops working and you have to restart the app. Or you go to search and keyboard won’t pop up. What did you do amazon!!?! And why can’t I store shared wishlists and shopping lists anymore????
When I search for an item I am unable to use the arrow on the top left of the app to go back to where I was. I have to exit the app and restart constantly...please fix this!!
With the new update I’m unable to click on the arrow to go back or stacked lines, or click to see all wishlists. It seems stuck sometimes.
This version of the app broke the back button beyond one level - i.e.:  go to a product and hit the back button (works) go to a product and then click on the product’s picture (beyond one level back) and then hit the back button (broken) - it won’t respond, not even the menu button.  I have to kill the app and can reproduce the pattern (iOS/iPhone 7).  Please fix - ThX! 
I have found this app to be versatile and useful, and I use it extensively for account-related functions and shopping, but I WILL NOT place orders with this app unless and until it syncs with my Amazon Smile settings.
First I love(ed) this app for it's great design and ease of use. I have a few problems: 1-if I use the app I don't get the Amazon Smile benefit of automatic donations to the charity of my choice. I make enough purchases for this to be significant.  2-from the beginning I have not been able to buy streaming videos via the app. It's frustrating to have to switch over to the website to buy these videos.  3-ever since the latest update there have been numerous bugs!! It's insane, the app is basically unusable. If I select a product to read the details I can no longer use the menus, back, home or search buttons. The only way around this is to close out the app and start my search over which makes comparison shopping basically impossible.  Before these bugs I would have given the app four stars as the other two issues are nuisances only. 
The navigation bar at the top (search, cart, back) ceases to function after a couple of minutes of using the app. It appears that the latest update broke it.
Using Amazon app on iPhone after most recent update, the search field on the home page cannot be selected and no text can be typed into it.
After the new update I can't search can't scroll back lot of features don't work
Latest version 11.01.0 the buttons at the top become disabled when looking at a product. I have to close the app and then reopen each time.
Not working to full capacity. Product may scroll up and down but the upper strip(back arrow, menu, check out cart, etc) doesn’t work, have to refresh iPhone to get it working again.
Since the update it keeps locking up and I have to shut it down. Reopen and it works fora bit then freezes again.
With your last update the touch areas at the top of the app like search and menu are not working. You try to engage them in the app and they don’t open or work.
This app really needs an update again. Half the time it either crashes or it will just straight up freeze but only the search/go back button and cart. I have had to reset the app 4 times in the last 20 minutes. I used to love this app
I love amazon. I’m a prime user. But I just did the update and now the “back” button doesn’t work. I have to force out of the app then go back in and that’s seriously annoying and needs to be fixed
App back button doesn’t work, freezes need to close & reopen app, happend after latest update, also list  on bottom of app doesn’t work
If I add something to a wish list from an item search, and then try to return to that same search by using the back arrow, the app locks up entirely. The only way to do anything is to force close the app and then reinitiate the item search all over again. This is both tedious & inefficient for someone (for everyone, really) that does multiple product searches throughout the day. In the past, I have overlooked multiple small glitches; but this is makes the app rather useless in its current state. (Unless, of course, you only ever want to search for and save one item to a wish list.)
It's been working well with no issues until lately.  Every time I go to purchase something, I get a something went wrong error.  Doesn't matter what I do.  I spent an hour trying to make it work to buy a little $10 present for my wife. Please fix it.  In the mean time I won't be buying anything from Amazon.  It's NOT worth the hassle. 
Now none of the touch options are working.  Search, back, menu,    None!!!
This latest update is buggy. Won’t allow me to go back to list of items. I have to close app and remove from history then re-open app to search another item. Quite annoying. I know first world problems but still annoying.
Just uploaded the latest update and now the “<“ doesn’t work.  Have to keep closing the app and reopening it.   I’m sure they will fix soon
Ever since early December the app shuts  off then crashes on iOS and you can’t even access your wish list without it freezing up on you.  often times it doesn’t allow you to use the back button to go back to a page you looking at something is going on with this app.  not being fixed and good luck trying to find any customer service person or even a Technical . Support person to reported to ,the site keeps telling you go to the message boards , go to contact customer Service. Please fix this.
Just updated and now there is a band where the screen is not responsive in the app. On the home screen it is where the search box, camera, and Alexa logos are
I can calm down by having a good little rest. I can be so flexible and get this done!
Love the ease of use and products and prices
Amazon is good but it would be great if they had a Amazon garage app for cars and trucks
Can’t tap search box in latest update
Search function is completely disabled and app freezes every single time it is opened now. Fix quickly please!! Need to place orders!
Since the last update I everything works except for the top bar of the app that includes the search function or the return to amazon home in the app. Hasn’t done before until he last update. iPhone X and it doesn’t do that with any other app.
It takes between 30-240 seconds for the bar across the top of the screen (back, menu, etc.) to stop working and effectively freeze you onto the screen you are viewing.
So this app which was a good way of ordering stuff quickly is little by little becoming a bloated app whose purpose is to deliver ads to you.  It’s starting to feel Orwellian. 
I’ve never been a fan of this wish list tab that pops up when you add an item. I know what I’ve added to my wish list, and taking up a solid amount of my screen to remind me does me no good. Stop trying to shove consumerism down my throat. I’ll buy it when I’m ready to, that’s why it’s not in my cart.   The reason it gets 1 star though is this feature now causes my amazon app to not be able to go back to what I was previously viewing. As in, when that pop up comes up, the arrow at the top left corner stops working until you force close the app or hide the pop up wish list. This is especially frustrating when it doesn’t load and is just a white box that you can’t hide.   PLEASE JUST REMOVE THIS BAD FEATURE. 
with the new update when you click on a item you can not back out from that page with the arrow button on the top left you keep tapping the back arrow and it dont work you have to close out the app and go back into the app and sometimes it works and other times you have to keep closing the app to make it work
Latest Ver has issues with top blue/green bar on iPhone 6. Tap in area but nothing happens. Please fix. 
I have a couple of complaints.  First a month and a half ago I purchased something for my husband’s company through Amazon using his company card.  All of a sudden it changed that card to my primary card even though I did not do that and I had a bunch on charges on that card.  I had to delete that card off of my account of which I shouldn’t have had to do. Also all of a sudden the buttons at the top of the app are not working.  I press the arrow at the top and nothing happens.  Please fix. 
There seems to be a whole section of the screen I can’t tap in this version of the app. Unfortunately, it means I can’t search or hit the back button, making the app useless. What the crap?
Does not let you filter search results by custom price range, and does not let you search in a particular category.
I was using app. An update happened and now the top of the screen won’t work. I can’t search or back button. I can just click on items on home page.
The last few versions of the Amazon app have become progressively worse. From losing the barcode search history to constant freezes and required resetting of the app to Cart - Save For Later scrolling issues and embedded links becoming suddenly “unclickalcle.”  As good as I remember the app being when I first starting using it, that’s how bad it’s become. It’s less troublesome and just as timely for me to go to my desktop or laptop and go to the website (which has its own issues) to shop. I really wish Amazon would get its s**t together on this app thing. Little things like your app being functional and software versions being ready for distribution do matter. 
Used to work. Reinstalled 4 times, still has random bugs. A different thing each time. First the password bug. Then the scrolling. Now the back button, menu and search buttons just completely stopped working. I’m done with it. 
App force closes every other use. I cant click any buttons after I search. I have to close the app and reopen it. Please fix because I use this everyday and the last update made this unusable.
Just updated and it freezes after and go back to previous page or search bar!!! WTH Amazon it was working fine!!! This is by far my most used app and now it’s broke! Fix it ASAP!!!!
Unfortunately, the app now locks up. I am able to search and add an item but after that there is some serious hang time before anything works. I have rebooted my iPhone multiple times which seems to help a little but has been quite frustrating when searching and adding previous orders. I am not sure if this has to do with the latest 11.2.2 iOS update or not but I now have to use my  computer to order anything on Amazon.
After updating anytime I go to a product I can’t go back to the previous page or even press the 3 lines next to the back button, only want I found to go back is tapping on pics of what I’m looking at then going back and it will then let me go back to the previous page of results please fix ASAP
Many touch events are not working in the latest build released today. I wish there was a revert to previous version option.
I bought a golf cart off Amazon and now the app inundated me with “related” items to this purchase but all they show are more golf carts. If I just bought a golf cart from you, why would you push me to view more golf carts. Can’t disable this view either. So now I am stuck seeing golf carts when ever I go on the app.
This update is terrible. PLEASE BEWARE! Top bar always doesn’t work. Cannot return to last page. It cannot back to amazon homepage. I have to close this app and run again.
I love Amazon in the app works generally quite well, however there are some formatting problems at the top of the screen when running on an iPhone X. Some of the elements at the top of the screen are too close to the status bar and the notch. There is even some overlap at times so controls become inactive.
The most recent update broke the app. It freezes and crashes frequently. The screen becomes unresponsive when I attempt to click the search button and I can only close the app and open it again to get it to work again. App was working just fine before they released the update. Now it’s virtually unusable. Please fix. Also, why is there no easily accessible app developer contact info for this app so that people can report a problem?
I don’t know if it’s just my app, but nothing on the top bar is working at all. If I click the back arrow or the shopping cart or anything else up there it just won’t do ANYTHING and it’s extremely frustrating
Just updated.  Search field is inoperable.  No doubt they’ll fix that asap.
My app updated automatically but now I can’t use the search function, it’s completely unresponsive!
I LOVED this app until the latest update. I literally used this app several times a week and suddenly several hours after it updated, it started freezing constantly. I get on a page and then it freezes and won’t let me search, go back, go to my cart, or do anything! SOOO frustrating!! Why did they have to destroy a perfectly good thing?!?!
The buttons are not responsive most of the time. I tap and I tap and it takes me no where.  Their website is so much better.  Pay some money and get some good devs. 
Trying to use this app now, who doesn’t love Amazon? lol but it’s very frustrating to use at the moment... please update ASAP!
On random products the top menu bar stops functioning:  you can’t go back, search for a new product, or go to your cart.  The Amazon app just became useless...
App worked fine in till recently. After a while if I want to go back to where I was or  try searching it does not register my tapping. My other apps and phone work fine. I have to exit out of the app and reload it every time I want to search now :(.
Several features not working.  Search box won’t pull up keyboard.  App locks up at random times.
Look I’m not gonna lie this app gives me everything is need however with the last update the top part of my menu will not work after I exit out of my cart. Or if I’m trying to search and the app has been open for a small while It become unresponsive. I have to exit the app in order to regain functionality.
I wish developers would stop trying to fix what isn’t broken. Restarting my app for the 10th time in about 10 min. I was pretty deep into a search but I guess oh well........
This update breaks the navigation system. Can’t go back to where you were at previously. Only option is to close out the app and re-open it. Basically unusable in this current state.
After this last update on Jan 11, 2018 the search bar stop working
Now the back button in the app does not work on my IPhone 7 Plus and the app freezes!! Fix it!! Was working perfectly before the last update! I’m a prime customer and I like being able to shop from my iPhone!
Just updated 01/11/18 and now the back button does not take me back to the search list.  If you read reviews on an item and then use the back arrow in the upper left hand corner you can get back to the item description or the “main item page where you can add to cart.”  If you want to go back to the search list, good luck, the arrow does nothing. You are now stuck on that item page.  Force closed the app and even restarted the iPhone to no avail you have to search again.  I know “stuff happens” but for a large company such as amazon this is not acceptable.  I’m sure they’ll roll out another update but in the meantime I’m buying elsewhere.   Amazon prime is slowly losing it’s luster as in most cases one day shipping is never an option unless you order at like 6 AM!  The free overnight shipping with orders over $35 is a joke at least for me.  I even called Amazon about this and they assured me there is not an issue.  It never works out for me to get free overnight shipping.  Add constant price fluctuations and Amazon isn’t all it’s cracked up to be for me. 
Stupid thing wont respond when I tap any of the top bottoms! This is the only app I have problems with rn and I’m already stressed as it is!! Fix this or I’m going to EBay
Sick of the stupid List Tray showing up on  the app it’s not useful and I don’t want it! Add option to turn it off! I already give amazon way too much personal information
I find an item in my list select the item I want to purchase again. Goes to screen continue shopping not to purchase, go to cart And same thing I can not purchase just continue shopping. You now know why I DON’T PURCHASE MORE ITEMS.
So everything is going mobile. Everything. But you are going to tell me the only way to support my Favorite charity when I shop at Amazon through the Amazon smile program is on my desktop? No option on the iOS app!!!! Seriously??? I budget on my phone. I bank in my phone. I visually renovate homes on my phone. I email my elected officials on my phone. I rarely use my desktop anymore. So cmon Amazon. Get with it and support Amazon Smile on iOS or create a new app. This is just plain wrong. Or lazy?
The Amazon Warehouse Deals used to show up without having to go in to each item, directly from the list that came up from a search. Where’d that go???
Just updated Amazon app on my iPhone and I cannot get into the search bar at all whether I tapped it or not 😡! However, the new Amazon app update on my iPad works whenever I access the search bar. Very weird 🤔. Please fix this bug ASAP.
iPhone X now can’t click on items and different things in the app. Non-responsive to even click the box to search.
Latest update - 11 January - app keep freezing.  Won’t allow you to use the back arrow to continue search or finish perusing a product.  Please fix.
I have used for a couple of years with no issues ~~ but this latest update (today) the “Back” arrow/Button won’t back out of a product screen to the search list anymore. Have to close app completely and restart.... works well when it works, but this needs addressing ASAP. iOS 11.2.2 iPhone 8+ 
After this update, the back button and search function does not work. Restarted phone, but still doesn’t work.  App is worthless now.
Love the app but it’s just not functional on my iPhone X. I can’t access anything on the top of the app so can’t go back, access the cart, etc....
This app was working fine until the latest update. Now the back button doesn’t work at all when you’re interviewing a product after getting to it via your order history.
Cannot select to search for any items
Put the dang logout button where it can be found easily. Almost every app has this problem.
App opens but won’t load anything - keeps giving me an error message. I’ve restarted my phone, deleted and re-downloaded the app... nothing works. Such a shame.
After opening an item the back button and hole top section of the app are non responsive
Amazon ended up locking my account when i couldn’t confirm a card i didn’t have
Every time I try to go to my orders I have to enter my password and I get the error “something went wrong try again” but it never works! Both on my iPhone and iPad.
I love the app but the only thing i wish we could do is change the color at the top. Otherwise dam near perfect
Great app, but I get the something went wrong when trying to login message so I have to make purchases through a browser interface. Tried deleting and reinstalling but still didn’t fix the issue. Help!
Latest update today causing app to freeze in iOS11.
New update today and I still can't login. I get the "Oops something went wrong" message that plagued the previous version.
Please fix, the app is lagging and the top section of the app, menu, search it doesn’t work!!!!!
Like the new update with $10 and below deals, but when I access the menu to go back I can’t see the option and the interaction menu at the top does not work.
Shopping cart glitch won’t let me finalize cart. It just keeps going to the same page over and over. What the heck. Deleted and reinstalled. Still doesn’t work. iPhone 7
I made the mistake of doing some of my Christmas shopping off Amazon.com.  I ordered an item, then after I ordered it, amazon.com changed the picture, and sent me the item they changed the picture to.  So I ended up with an item that I never wanted or even ordered.  The worst part is that they would not give me a refund, they would only credit my account.  I'm now being forced to spend my money with a company that gave me the worst customer service experience of my life.  Please do not let this happen to you.
No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click. No way to turn off one-click.
For the past six months I haven't been able to checkout using the app. It repeats screens several times and then will kick me back a step. It is very frustrating.   I updated the app and I'm constantly checking the App Store for updates for this app in particular to see if it will get fixed.   I guess it's saved some money on impulse buys, but I miss the convenience of being able to order things on my phone/not having to boot up the computer. 
Recent update contains a bug that gets rid of instant pickup. Avoid the recent update.
I would like to make a recommendation to improve your app dealing with entering new card information. Could it please ask for billing address instead of defaulting it to the shipping address. Many of my orders are not to my home address which is my billing address
Every time I try to open the app to check my orders or look at my lists, it prompts me to login. When I put in the correct info it then says that a problem has occurred. It usually allows me to go on to the page I want anyway, but it continually asks me to sign in as I browse around. Yesterday I couldn’t complete my order online because it wouldn’t let me log in and I had to use a desktop to complete the order.
It’s not as good as the website of course but it is faster if you mostly know what you want.  I would like to see an option to make the text bigger.
The touch login doesn’t work, rendering the app useless because it requires it instead of password login. My touch login works on other apps.
Very bad messages, notifications, tools and more! Bad they can do better but it looks it’s made to fraud, delay, misguide, trouble, and much more knowing the majority of the people will not speak, talk, stand for themselves and get what they deserve, need and what is theirs after lost or win!
Overall I’m quite satisfied with the app, but most of all I love the chat feature. I had an issue with a charge for a channel subscription and after a few minutes of talking with some customer service reps, I was refunded my charge. The chat feature is awesome, especially for those of us who don’t like talking on the phone. Thanks Joshi and Abigail!
Why in God's name, after all this time, can I still not see photos attached to reviews??? This is easy on the phone, more difficult on the laptop, and non-existent on on iPad. Come on. You've had enough time!!
Literally loved this app until a few months ago. The app requires to enter password OR to use your Touch ID to either review past and recent orders, and to make purchases. As others have stated it does not work and says “an error has occurred”.   To make it more irritating every item I had in my “save for later” has completely disappeared. So I had to relocate things and just put them in my cart when I was ready to buy or having it sit in my cart until I can get to a computer. It won’t even link up and show when I go from the app to the computer either it turns out. 
I love Amazon and its reliable, helpful, supportive team but here are the areas they need to improve:  1. After wasting time editing and/or updating my reviews, it won’t get through even after many attempts.  2. I ordered same item for the fourth time, but when I tried to update my review, I got denied because it says I’m not an “Amazon Verified Buyer/Purchaser”.  3. The viewers ranking ‘seems’ to have some flaws. It ‘seems’ to make some viewers very high even with less helpful reviews overall.   4. The question nobody had answered and are too old or not relevant anymore stays stuck on your profile. No delete option.  5. The shipping date of 10 to 14 days changed to estimated delivery of up to 21 days upon checkout.   But I’m satisfied with Amazon customer service and they are my top choice. This review is only a small matter related to their app. Amazon remains the best for me. 
Can no longer view my orders without signing in several times and can’t place my order it force closes. Please fix! I love and need my Amz
Cannot find ANYTHING about international shopping like the app description states.   Click on “what”????    I want to use it for international shopping but that feature is too well hidden. 
The app is becoming ever more cluttered with useless information and recommendations. Between these and the obtrusive Dash buttons, it is cumbersome to work through the app and difficult to do so without inadvertently touching unnecessary links.  Please clean this up. Your customers are loyal enough that there is not a need to force feed them with unwanted information and images. 
Good app, very functional, I like it. The BIG strike is that it does not support amazon smile. I want my purchases to help the organization I support and this requires logging into the website. This needs to be fixed, else it just looks like Amazon doesn’t actually want to support smile charities if it doesn’t have to.
I’ve been using amazon for years but unfortunately I’m deleting this app now. They changed delivery carrier from UPS to USPS and they barely meet the expected delivery days. I was a die hard amazon fan but this new shipping system doesn’t do it for me. Always a day or two late. Deleting and cancelled the membership.
The app stopped accepting my password. I keep getting some kind of error notice
I’m disabled enough walking hurts. Shopping requires help. Amazon saves me! The UPS puts inside for me. Returns easy no hassle. Chat support is quick and offer me a credit for my inconvenience ?! No wonder everyone trying to catch Amazon. Service is really the key. Great service. Thank you! If we would just get an Amazon fresh ....
Whisper automatically redirects me here repeatedly to give you a poor rating. Just following through with what feels right at this point. Stop constantly redirecting me here and my review may change.
But please make it easier to find your wishlists...
For some reason when I exit out off the app the top bar where the search button stays like frozen and it won’t take off I tried turning off and on my phone and restarting but it won’t go away. Please fix this :(
Won’t let me see orders or anything on my account on my iPad. Just says “sorry something went wrong, try again” Nothing helpful at all. Fix please
The iPhone app is severely limited. Common things, like editing a wishlist, are not possible to do in the app.
I pay for an annual membership and yet I have to deal with ads playing while I’m shopping on this app which disables any audio to be played while I have this app open! Fix this!!!
Ads begin to auto play and stop music when scrolling through the home page!!  I don’t need ads to auto play or ads in general. I know what I want when I go to amazon! 
I can’t believe after all these years apps original to the app markets would be this problematic. First I cannot get the reviews to switch from top reviews, which are almost 3 years old and no longer relevant to latest reviews. I have also noticed glitches in the account end. Alexa needs a rest try going back to basics.
When I first started ordering from Amazon in March of 2017 I was so pleased with the service, but lately, my orders are backed up, their later and later, and I’m always buying things, but I’m getting less satisfied with the business
It would be nice if we could support selected charities from the app instead of the website. I suppose I could delete the app and bookmark the page I want to use.
This app runs slow on my iPhone X and iPad mini 4! Very cumbersome to use, it almost makes me want to take my laptop out to shop on Amazon.com. Sometimes it doesn't connect until I refresh the search two or more times.   The customer service chat feature is the worst! Type a message out, but there is no preview of the message until you hit "done" button, so make sure you don't misspell anything!  Speaking of the "done" button, I was chatting with a service representative (who was really nice by the way), I had to press the "done" button upwards of a dozen times before each message would finally send. Once again, this app makes me want to shop with a real computer at times.   I'm honestly shocked that Amazon would put out such a terrible app. 
I PREFER TO USE MY BRAIN AND NOT A.I.!!  PLEASE RESOLVE THE “WISH LIST ISSUE” I DON’T NEED IT TO FOLLOW ME OR REMAIN AVAILABLE EVEN AFTER I TRY TO DELETE IT. THANKS 
I love the app except for one thing.  I don’t want to have to verify my stupid credit card for purchases regardless of where I choose to ship it. It makes my purchases less convenient because when I’m relaxing and shopping online, I don’t want to go get my wallet and dig out my credit card info.  My Account has a password, my credit cards have protection against fraud.  Please don’t over regulate me.  Ugh!!
App itself is generally fine, gets the job done.   But the buzz notification for adding items to your cart IS THE WORST.  Please add an off switch.  I despise apps that make my phone buzz when I’m using it. 
I’ve never had a problem with this app up until now. I’ve had to do my last three purchases via safari because it won’t let me go past the cart. When I add the items and try to edit my shipping information it keeps kicking me back out. I’ve tried updating the app and even deleting and re-downloading, very inconvenient.
Bought a Xbox and PlayStation gift card 30mins  ago and still didn’t get the code
No way to use Amazon smile.  Lists do not scroll properly.  Not all functions on the web are available in-app.  Lots of nits for an app that amazon wants to make central to your life.
Still can’t purchase kindle books in the app.  But I can purchase everything else though. 🤔  ******  Not excited about his amazon fresh. I have to pay $15 monthly. And pay more to ship if I don’t spend $50. Furthermore items are all over be place. Pantry, Prime, and Fresh. There’s no way I can spend $50 b/c items are strategically available on different platforms... which requires me to pay even more for shipping.   I recommend using a local grocery store’s delivery service instead. One place to get all of your groceries. 
Use this app all the time for shopping but why do you make me pull up the site in a browser to buy a Kindle book and only give me the option to download a sample on the app?  Took me trying the app on iPad, iPhone and then Chrome to finally figure that out.  Wasted about 15 min of my time.  If you’d fix that I’d give you 5 *s...
Used to be great... couple weeks now I can shop, add to cart, etc. Now when i click check out it scans my face, acknowledges, then goes to a white screen and says error.  If i cancel and try again, it'll go, but then if i try to change shipping address, payment method, or anything else, same issue.   have resorted to the mobile web site. 
App has been having issues lately with notifications. For some time, I wouldn’t get any now it constantly tells me there’s new spark announcements even though I have those notifications turned off.
I have now reached the level of “I feel like smashing my phone” due to repeated (6 times) attempts to change my password because Azon  does not recognize the only password I’ve ever had. I have followed the reset steps each time only to be given the same response, my email or password is incorrect. Well, given that they send me a code to enter to my email, it must be my password is wrong, but wait, I just created a new one, how could it be wrong? Oh, if I want customer service guess what I have to enter? That’s right, my password! AARRRGGHHHHH 
I can almost never access My Orders or My Account from the app. It gives me an error message and says to try later. This also happens frequently when trying to purchase items. If I can buy items or see my orders from the app, there’s really no use in using it at all...
I have LOVED the Amazon app until recently. For about the past month, any time I try to log in, it wants my password. I put the password it and it flashes up a little box that says ‘sorry something went wrong. Try again.’ EVERY single time.  I have resorted to using my Safari browser to log into Amazon, but it’s kind of a pain when I have an app to do it. 
cant do anything with this update.  Its not loading. cant pull up my orders, pop up  says sorry something went wrong  try again later and it just keeps loading forever!!!!😠😖
I created a return, and just prior to SUBMIT, I chose “add additional items to this return”. It provides a list of all purchases, but nothing happens when I select another item: no reason for return pops up. Eventually I  selected a few more items for return, but now I’m frozen in Return order land, and there is no way out besides closing out of the app. Which means I have to start over.
If I filter by size when searching for shoes, it shows the item prices as a range instead of showing the exact price for the size I filtered. For me, this makes it almost impossible to find a shoe.
Any time I try to sign in, it says “Sorry something went wrong. Try again later.” I just end up opening up chrome on my phone to buy stuff.
This used to be a great app and how I did 99% of my Amazon shopping. Now, I can’t even use it. Forces me to login every time, Then tells me something went wrong. If I can make it past that loop, I have to re-login multiple times. I can’t ever get to checkout, I get stuck in another loop to select shipping address then back to my cart. Serves no purpose to my anymore which is a bummer because it used to be very convenient and 5 start quality.
Login error, empty shopping carts and unsuccessfully kindle downloads. That’s I all been there for the past few years of Kindle iOS. What’s more surprising is that this is a continuing trend that things does not work... hope for better
It just says sorry try later like com on bro joust want to see my garage
There entire parent prime house hold bs is bs. If you leave a household, it locks you out of your connected account.
The iPhone amazon app has customer pictures but the iPad don’t! Very much needed
The thing that separated the app from the website was the simplicity and the shortcuts the app provided, specially the convenience of having your lists on a left side grid, that though it might've seem intrusive while viewing any particular product, it gave us the option of glancing back at the rest of list without having to reload it by going back and forth. I expect a lot more from the biggest e-commerce company in the world, including the best app.
The only way I can order anything through amazon is through the actual website. I’ve reset my password, I’ve tried signing out of the app, I’ve tried uninstalling and reinstalling and no matter what I always get a BS something went wrong error message. It is SO frustrating to be able to shop in the app and browse all I want while signed in, but then I go to check out and it makes me put in my password and I get an error message. I’ve contacted customer support and they can’t figure it out either.
Every time I try to place an order I get kicked back one step (review your order). Every time I try to view my past orders I get caught in a "enter your password" "sorry something went wrong loop". This has been going on for three or four MONTHS. To actually place an order I have to use a mobile browser. Amazon is a massive tech company. Get it together, Jeff Bezos! You're slippin'
The new ship tracking interface is really dumb, bring back the old green bar.
This app has so many issues. The most annoying is when you try to review one of your purchases and are denied because it allows only "verified purchases" reviews. And yet you're trying to submit it from your purchase!! Horrible app.
We use a long password of well more than 20 characters. The App does not allow sign in with that. Instead it says: “Something went wrong. Please try again later”
App won’t let you delete receiving recommendations, nor will it let you delete notifications on Today’s Truck ... very unfortunate.
The app doesn’t let me check out... takes me back to my shopping cart after I pick a shipping address. App is useless if I can’t buy my items unless I’m on a physical computer
It is not uncommon when navigating the app for it to be completely unresponsive. Usually it is the back button. Button visually shows that it is depressed but no change to the screen occurs and have to restart the app.
Amazon - please make an app for Smile !!!
I am very frustrated that I can no longer use one click on this app because it no longer allows for me to choose free shipping over $25.   I was one of Amazon’s first customers back in the early days when it was only books and I buy thousands of dollars worth of goods on here per year. And this is just LAME. I have read all the help pages and nothing works...and the chat function is a joke. No real person to chat with. Just a bot that takes you to the same useless ‘help’ pages you just read but we’re not helpful. What happened to the great customer service I used to get from this company???? 
👎 this product need more knowledge and work to it.  It needs more varieties of things also
This is a great app to shop and purchase Always feel secure in my payment There is no down side
Sometimes one LEGO set looks the same as another. And when I save it to a list I have to go through the list to see if it is one I already have on that list so it would be cool if you tried to save the same item you already saved a message or something will say you already saved it.
Keeps erroring out. I used to be able to put items in my cart then the next time on on my Mac I could process the order. Can't even do that now. 🙁
I had ordered many, many items before using a PO Box. All of a sudden they stopped allowing me to get my items shipped there. I live in a rural area and don't get mail delivery. Talked to customer service and they were absolutely pathetic. Got switched between different people and nobody could give me a clear answer why.
I ordered something with prime and it said two days till delivery but instead it got here in seven days!!!!! Very ticked off!!! Horrible app!!!!😡
Mobile app on an iPhone 6s has become very buggy during the checkout process in the past few months of updates.   Right now I can’t even check out, no error messages. Just keeps going back to the cart after picking a shipping address. 
Always gives me an error when I sign in and now it won’t let me complete my order. Totally worthless! This has been a problem for months.
I think this app is great. Always a go to, even when I’m at a store I use it to price match.
Why can’t I buy a Kindle book from either my Kindle itself or the Amazon App? Why do I have to go to Safari to buy something? What - you don’t want my money? I can buy other things - why not Kindle books?
I noticed tonight that the app seems to have an issue with the bottom portion of the screen on my iPhone X. Kind of a bummer that I cannot select things if they’re on the bottom edge of the display.
Love the app, but I wish it would connect to the Amazon Smile link so that I can also help others while making a purchase. Every little bit counts.
Not happy with sellers not disclosing items are coming from China or Europe. I expect an item to ship 2-3 days after ordering and it’s over a week later then it actually ships. This does you no good when you need the item fast. Not only that, the shipping information is so uninformative it’s doesn’t help at all. All you know is shipped and delivered.
Every time this app gets updated something goes wrong. The latest version won’t let me log in. I can log in on the website so I know I’m using the right password. So frustrating and annoying  Also please restore the option to filter your wishlist for items with price drops. I buy a lot more when I can find the sale items
Love Amazon, but the app is the worst. Crashes constantly, makes me think Bree my password multiple times, and then always gives me the “something went wrong” screen. Always! Super buggy:
Amazon really needs to fix this issue now! I shouldn't have to double check every single order to make sure Amazon hasn't hasn't added extras of most of the products I am ordering!! It's a good way for Amazon to slip extra costs on the customers end though 😡
I love this app. I use it all the time. But the last couple of weeks I have had log in issues and trouble placing orders. I use an iPhone 7plus and have the same issues on my iPad. When it asks for my password I get a “sorry something went wrong” message and it won’t let me complete my order. The same thing happens when I check my past orders. I have to go to my computer to place an order.
By apps like whisper.  Makes me want to delete them all.
I absolutely adore amazon. I shop here as much as I shop at Target or Walmart. I am an amazon prime member as well. I have this app on my phone and iPad but for some reason when I view a product on my iPad I can only read reviews, I can’t see the photos from the reviews which REALLY bothers me because I am the kind of person who relies on reviews to motivate me to purchase an item. So for me, what’s the point of having this app on my iPad if I can’t even see review photos? I buy furniture, pet items, household items, and more from amazon. So I would really appreciate this issue being solved.
I read reviews and rely on customer images. My iPhone allows me to view customer images, but the Amazon app for my iPad does not. It’s driving me crazy!
I have updated, deleted, reinstalled ———repeatedly. I have to use web browser. Prime customer not happy!!!!!
I give this an overall score of 5 stars, this app is even better than the website because it easier to use without any interruptions!😍😻😻😻LOVE, LOVE,LOVE
I love amazon, and I’m a frequent buyer, but it’s so frustrating to me that when I want to look at the details of my order and I’m asked to put in my password, I get a message stating “something went wrong please try again” when I know I’ve entered it right. PLEASE FIX THIS!!!
I don’t know why, but for the past few months or so (I didn’t use the app as much before) I experience an issue with connectivity!!! Like 50% of the time! Like i could be on WiFi or my LTE and it will tell me I have no internet connection. Which makes no sense because I’m using my phone just fine with any other app that requires internet. So then i have to use safari instead and that works fine. But then what’s the point of the app? Anyway, please address this issue! Thank you 
BUG - I’ve used the Amazon Application for a long time on previous iPhones. Since the latest update or at least the version for the iPhone X copying the shipping tracking number needs to be fixed.   Trying to press and hold the tracking number doesn’t highlight the tracking number so you know you’re copying the correct information. You can copy it by press and holding just above the tracking number and hoping you’ve copied the right thing. 
No complaints. I’ll change to 5 stars if you come out with IOS Smart Invert (Dark Mode) support :)
Recently, I cannot checkout or see my previous orders using this app. When the app asks me to login and I do, there is an error message on the screen stating “sorry something went wrong”. When I get to the final step in the checkout process, it sends me back to my cart.
I have always used this app and never had issues. For a couple of weeks now, anytime I look at my cart, it says it’s empty and isn’t syncing to my account online. Also, if I go to my orders, it says “OOPS SOMETHING WENT WRONG” and won’t show me any info about them. I also am unable to make any purchases (via 1 click or otherwise).  Fix the app. Seriously. 
Just in time for  the holiday season, I have been unable to use the app to checkout for the past month or so. I can add items to my cart, but checkout no longer recognizes my Touch ID and won’t ask for my password, just shuts down. I then have to log in on the website and checkout from there. No update in sight!  Big inconvenience.
The app constantly crashes when I’m in the midst of adding items within Amazon Fresh
It’s crap because every time I order something and I go out of the app then come back it’s gone so I have to re order it and stay on the app
I can’t see my previous orders or check out and it’s infuriating. I’ve been battling to check out for 5 mins. I can’t even login on safari since it sends me straight to the app. I’m giving up and just deleting the app altogether.
I love the app. My only issue is that the past month or so I haven’t been able to look at my orders. It has me scan my fingerprint then says “something went wrong” I don’t know how to resolve this issue. Every time a new update comes out I hope it gets fixed but never does.
If I wanted dash buttons, I would purchase one. I don’t need dash buttons built into the app- if you must add dash buttons in the app. At least give me an option to disable your gimmicks. Thanks.
Ordering works just fine. Had an issue when chatting with customer service where I could not see what I was typing and was not able to paste any information because the keyboard would block the text input box.
Easily one of the worst apps I have used, never works and just redirects to the web site, if you like opening apps that say error please try again, then this is the app for you
My default payment method is a credit card, but Amazon always defaults to my gift card balance. I used to be able to change my payment method back to a credit card. Since I changed my password I can't change payment methods. Makes the app unusable. I think amazon should be better than this.
Whether I’m on WIFI or LTE/4G, when I open the amazon app I get an error that says “can’t connect to internet.” I’ve deleted the app and reinstalled, closed and reopened, signed in and out, and everything else I can think of. Even checked the app settings.
Idk what happened but recently every time i click on anything, it’ll ask me to reenter my password and the after i do “something went wrong!” will pop up and i cant move forward, i have to go back to the menu options. And its gotten so annoying that i have to leave a poor review. I love amazon and buy from them all the time. But when I'm being asked a literal 6 times to sign in/enter my password to do ANYTHING in the app, it gets freaking annoying. Id rather use walmart’s app. At least it doesn't harass me. Please for the love of god, fix this bug.
Half the time the info is wrong or incorrect and the other times barely an image to know what you are looking at. Between that and customer service, wait, sorry no customer service it’s ridiculous. I have better luck guessing then relying on amazon. Forget about 2 day prime shipping, that’s just a lovely bait and switch advertising gimmick, must be 2 days when it feels right to them.
The app keeps saying the connect to the internet and/or that the Amazon network isn’t working but if I try on my computer or through safari on my phone Amazon works. I don’t know what’s wrong with the app on the iPhone 8 but it doesn’t work. This is completely bull sh*t.
I find all of amazon apps to be confusing and difficult to use. I can usually figure it out but it takes much more time and energy than I would like it to.  For example , I’m trying to purchase a kindle book. I can’t get it from the kindle app. I have to sign into my Amazon account. Then I’ll find the book I want and it will tell me it can’t be purchased through this device.  I wanted to purchase an Audible selection. I found the one I wanted and it said I didn’t have my credit card info. I signed into my amazon app and I can’t find where to enter it.  Lastly, I was charged for one of my paid apps on the Firestick.  I wanted to go into amazon to double check which one I was charged for. (I have another person in my house who tries to add apps without permission) i couldn’t go in through my phone. I had to go into the section on the TV.   I just don’t find it very user friendly. 
Their customer service lack intelligence and integrity. They ask you to set up an email but it will not allow you to because your email is already in use. They give you the run around when you orders are lost. Totally rude.
- Can’t see Customer images from reviews  - Can’t see Fresh orders or shop on Fresh - Shopping Cart is not what it should be - Often you can’t go back to a Search you just did  Mobile website looks and works much better 
You can get everything there’s nothing you can’t get great prices shipping always fast I️ got everything on amazon
New ads take audio focus of device, pausing Music/Pods as you scroll past... Very annoying!!
Why do I need to be notified every time someone I know downloads this garbage app??? That’s not s message that’s Facebooks terrible self promotion of their useless app that could have just remained a part of their other useless app. Seriously stop making up reasons for me to open this garbage. Maybe if you were a credible source of actual notifications everyone wouldn’t hate you so much...
It opens your amazon app only to take you to amazon.com on safari.
When signing on (iPhone 6 and iPhone X) a message pops up the says “ Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” I’ve tried updating the Amazon app, iOS, uninstalling and reinstalling.
I have NEVER had this issue with my Amazon app and I am a heavy user of Prime. Use it to buy almost everything except groceries. And even then I use Prime Now pretty frequently.  -Won't let me choose shipping, keeps putting me back to checkout overview -Keeps logging me out -KEEPS ASKING TO RE-ENTER PW EVERY NEW PAGE 
App feels super dated on iPad which I guess isn’t that big a deal for a shopping app. It’s functional- but what really bothers me is that you can’t see pictures customers upload as part of their review. This pictures are more influential to my buying decision than the product photos. I’ll be sticking with the webpage until this feature is added to the app.
For a couple of months now I have been unable to access my orders on the app. I click on “orders” and get a “sorry something went wrong” error. Now, as of today (at least I discovered it today), I cannot log in to place an order. I put items in my cart while I was on my computer, then later went to buy them on the app. When it checks my face id to log me in my face is recognized but I get the same error message.  I’m not sure if this is an iphone x specific issue but it’s pretty annoying. 
I HATE it when they charge the wrong credit card. I've had to call customer service to cancel the amazon credit card numerous times and it's still an open account. I ordered something less than an hour ago, and now the app will not let me cancel it immediately even though I had a 12 hour window to have it shipped by Monday.
I love amazon and the iPhone app is great. The iPad app however seems to be stuck in the dark ages. Really need an update to make it more inline with the iPhone app
I want to like it but it constantly says it’s not connected to the internet. My phone is always connected to the internet so riddle me that. So then I just go to amazons website and it works fine. For such a large and expansive corporation, this amazon app is disappointing. To echo another reviewer about reminders of previous items popping up is a problem. If I search for an item of a personal nature at home then access amazon at work to order things for students, up pops what I looked at at home. Hope the app improves soon but until then, 1 star.
Usually I would rate this app a 4 or a 5. But for the past two weeks when I attempt to see my recent orders...a window pops up and states there is an error.  I’ll click “OK” and it still won’t load. Hoping this will be fixed soon.
I have been a long-term Amazon customer and recently paid the $100 for Amazon Prime membership, primarily because of their advertised “Free 2-day shipping” with Amazon Prime. Since then, over a dozen items I’ve ordered have taken 10-15 days to arrive. The app and Amazon website are mis-leading and day things like “Ships within 2 days” but provides NO estimate of when it will arrive. I even spoke with an Amazon customer service rep (from a call center in India?) who said that the app and website DO NOT give you the estimate of when the package will arrive until after you place the order and it has been processed. If it ships and isn’t due to arrive until the 10th of the following month, you cannot cancel the order or request a refund until after the package arrives AND you reject the package AND it is received back at Amazon. Very misleading. It would be far more honest and consumer-oriented to change the app and website to give you an HONEST estimate of when the item will ARRIVE, so that you can make an informed decision of whether you want to make the purchase through Amazon or if you’d prefer to just drive to the nearest store and buy it there instead.
Love the ease in which Amazon helps me spend my money. Love the “Buy now” feature. A couple of things I would love to see changed.  1. On sensitive items, have an option when ordering to place the review in a private area, instead of with all others.  2. Allow an alias to be used for reviews on sensitive products for privacy.  3. Allow me to delete reviews in my account.  4. Be more accurate and honest with delivery dates.  Otherwise, I love the app and ease of doing business with Amazon. 
Amazon dropped the ball...... again. This item was guaranteed delivery, but they drug their feet shipping this out and it got delivered AFTER we left for our ski trip. I contacted them 3 times, one of those before it even shipped and got conflicting information, and they ultimately guaranteed it will arrive on time. This is becoming a trend with Amazon. 5th item in two months that missed the guaranteed date. Terrible customer service.
I’m sure Amazon thinks they have the market cornered and that we “Need” them and that justifies them not needing to fix their app. That’s alright, I’m sure things will change when they realize their sales could/would be better if they just maintained it. Don’t you hate it when apps don’t work properly? I wonder if they do, too?
There’s no reason to use an app when the website has better functionality. Per amazon’s own investor statements, the point of the app is to reduce the likelihood that consumers will shop for the same items on other sites. Hard pass.   This app makes shopping on amazon slightly harder than the web version, so why go through extra effort to have a worse experience? 
I can browse lately but mobile apps on phone & iPad not letting me order and often can’t access my lists. Pretty useless & forcing me to shop less since I’ve had to do all the actual ordering from laptop.
For the past 3 weeks I have been having problems with this app. Just about every time I try to get on the app it tells me “uh-oh something went wrong with amazon go back to amazon Home” and I’ll click the amazon home button and it says “uh-oh something went wrong with the amazon app” and it won’t work. So I get off clear it out and try again and it says the same thing. I’m so sick of it. I order a lot of stuff off of here and I can’t now. I haven’t been able to in a while and when it does decide to let me look I add stuff to my cart and get off because I have something else to do and I try to go back and get on it later and I can’t. THIS NEEDS TO BE FIXED ASAP. Thanks
It NEEDS an Apple Watch companion. I have begged amazon over the phone to PLEASE make an amazon app, music app, and an audible app for the Apple Watch.
Amazons app is useless and unusable. How can a tech giant like amazon publish such a poor excuse for software? Do they not use it themselves? Like others I can’t sign in, can’t change payment method, can’t check out. I thought it must be just me but I see now it’s not. This app runs me around in circles. Worse than useless.
Love this app and use it all the time. Would give it 5 stars if I could buy ebooks for my kindle with it. Amazon, please add that functionality.
This app is basically useless. It won't let me add stuff to the cart half the time, and when it does it is never able to complete a purchase. It prompts you to pick an address and a payment and then back to the address and then payment...over and over again. The software is trash and needs to be debugged.
I’ve used your app since you ever had an app! Never ever had issues! Because of that I give 4 stars. It worked a couple weeks back but been having problems the last two weeks. I can search and look up items as normal but when I click on one of the thumb links to read details about a product or buy a product. It’s a blank white screen that dimly flashes. (White and grey)?? I restarted my phone and everything else I think to do on my part. Nothing works. I understand it may also be problems with current bugs on iOS 11? Either way. If this isn’t just me, I can see it seriously being a problem. Anyway, Thank you, and everyone have a Happy New Year!
It is working as expected, but you guys has to add new option to amazon. As I see many fake reviews or reviews not for the same item so you should add to report other selection menu so users cam report. We got lost with the reviews as we have to read all the reviews they be sure it is not fake or for other item. Solve this issue please
I have uninstalled and installed the app and the same issue pops up despite updated app. I can’t successfully order anything. It asks me to enter my password and then says there was an error in retrieving the app. It doesn’t merit one star   Hoping this bug gets fixed. It’s been like this for at 6 months.
This will not let me place an order. I have to do it through safari. What’s the point of this app now??  Update: I reinstalled the app and everything worked and orders work again. Thank You to the reviews which I should have looked at first. 
It prompted me to start using Face ID to access my orders, check out, settings, etc. it doesn’t work though. It always shows and error and since I can’t access settings I can’t turn it off. Really frustrating cause I constantly use this app for things I can’t go buy because of my work and school schedule. Seriously considering cancelling my Prime account because the app is no longer convenient and only causes problems.
I love amazon but I’ve been charged several times for the annual prime membership without my consent.
I cant view picture from review section
I love the amazon app, the experience is normally so easy and very user friendly BUT ever since the beginning of December it has been glitching way too often! It asks for my password every 5 seconds and doesn’t allow me to use touch-id instead. Every time I want to view my orders or my cart, it says there was an error and eventually after fighting with the app it allows you to view these things. But the whole app as a whole recently has just been BAD! Amazon needs to address these bugs and do a little update on this app. Once it is glitch free, I can give the app 5 stars but for now I can only give it 1 since there’s no option for 0.
This app has tremendous potential and usually works great.  But sometimes, for no reason and without warning, you can’t type into their text boxes. It’s frustrating, and I find no particular pattern to when it works and when it doesn’t. I notice they do text boxes a little differently in this app and don’t use the standard interface code provided by the iPad’s operating system. So in this regard Amazon is being too clever by half. Sometimes exiting, clearing the app from memory, and restarting it fixes the problem. Sometimes not, and I have to go to the website.  It’s usually fine, but expect occasional frustration. 
Either I can’t figure out how to turn off 1-step ordering or it can’t be turned off. Either can be a recipe for disaster. I had something “accidentally” ordered by my daughter because she hit ONE wrong button. Now I am either stuck with something or I have to send it back and eat the shipping costs because of a stupid feature that I cannot disable. Wit a joke.
I've been scammed twice now on this app for 50 dollars that I wish I could have back. If you want to save money, use a different online shopping app.
The current version has several annoying bugs but the deal-breaker is that I can’t place an order!! (1) Touch ID does not work at all. Even after I enter the password manually, I’m prompted to re-enter it every time I select a different menu option, change lists, access the cart, etc. (2) after logging in manually, I receive an error “Oops, something went wrong.” I have no idea what that would be, because the app still lets me continue doing whatever I was doing. (3) this is the important one - PAY ATTENTION AMAZON - I can’t please an order through the app. When in the Shopping Cart, I click proceed to checkout and I’m prompted to select the Delivery address. Not a big deal except the app previously showed the default address, which could be changed if needed. Now I have an extra, unnecessary step.  Then I click Deliver to this Address, the app returns me to the Shopping Cart. Really?   I’ve uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but no improvement. 
Returns are broken, and have been for a while now. When you select a return and need to add more items to it, the list of items you can return pops up from the bottom. After selecting the other item to return, you cannot scroll the list back to the top to hide it and proceed, and there's no button at the bottom of the list allowing you to proceed. You are essentially stuck and have to force quit the app in order to do anything else…
Amazon prime, I trusted my families Christmas gifts to you. Not only did you not deliver, you didn’t even tell me. If my family hadn’t asked,  who would have spent my $200 ?  Not a lot for you maybe. But everything to me.
I can’t log into my account. I’ve called customer support several times and all they do is reset my password when I tell them that it’s been done before and I don’t want it. Please fix this issue. Not sure if it’s an app issue or website.
Scrolling in cart with lots of items doesn’t work - it rubber bands me back to the top. CAN NEVER SEE ALL ITMES IN MY CART. Pls fix!!! Thanks!!!!
Amazon has the best team that provides help for any problem, they respond so fast to any issue. They have nice staff, and do any and everything they can to solve any issues. 5 stars!!!
Sometime in the last few updates, my Amazon app no longer allows me to make a purchase or to search my orders. After inputting my password, I get "Oops! Something went wrong!" Every. Time. Don't bother downloading this POS app because when you choose "app support" in the store, it sends you to a pointless faq page that doesn't actually allow you to send in feedback. Save yourself the headache and just order from a web site. Also, I hate that I can't turn off notifications that I never asked for, don't want and don't need.
Amazon’s app will never be truly great until  it supports touch id or face id features.
Please fix this annoying bug. I can't order anything or check out certain account details without it asking for my password, then a pop up window saying something's wrong try again, then going back to square one! I haven't ordered stuff I need in months and forgot about a Christmas present I wanted to buy because of this. This is pretty ridiculous.
Good app. There is a problem in the Cart on the iPhone 8 Plus - when selecting the Qty, the menu shows up off-screen with only a little showing on the bottom left.
How can i get Amazon Smile on the app?  I am always having to use the web.
Ever since updating to iOS 11, the app is giving me fits. No matter what you do 1 click checkout doesn’t work. And then when you click the proceed to checkout button while in your cart it takes you to someplace else in the app. Sometimes if you finally do purchase something it doesn’t confirm the purchase. More often than not I have to go to my desktop computer in order to use Amazon. I use an iPhone 6, and an iPad pro with iOS 11.2
Can’t place order.  It just returns user to proceed to checkout - looping forever.  When try to display orders it asks for the login again (even if I just logged in a minute ago).  The login completes  and then displays a pop up box saying  there was a problem try again. You click ok and the app hangs saying loading information  Minutes pass.  When you get tired of waiting and go back to the item, again you get into the same loop.  Sometimes you can get in on the 2nd or  3rd try, just did 8 try and still didn’t work.  This app used to work fully and now my am pretty useless - Been a month since this version was released and no fix in sight. 
Yo dude, I think the app updated and now it won’t log me back in, aka when I go to submit my order it tells me to enter my password then I put in the password and it says “ops something went wrong”  I’m trying to spend money but ops something went wrong 
I accidentally ordered two things with really high prices and I need money for something, and it’s not close to shipping but they said they couldn’t cancel the order.
I would give this app 5 stars if 2 annoying things were fixed.  1. Let me buy Kindle books through the app 2. Until you let me buy Kindle books through the app, or give me a link to the website to purchase it, PLEASE let me open the full website in my browser without redirecting me to the freaking app!!!! 
The app is easy to use and visually appealing, but I’ve twice placed orders accidentally cause of the “Buy now with 1-Click” button that is purposely placed where the “add to cart” option is on the website. Obviously this is no accident by Amazon, and I find it quite frustrating and disappointing. I feel less inclined to use the app at this point.
I absolutely loved using this app. The interface is nicely arranged and easy to navigate. I like how the seamless transition from hyperlink in safari goes directly to opening the app. It’s a nice feature.
I got this app just so I could downloads books for my kindle. But you can’t download books from the app?? Since I use amazon basically just to buy books, this is very frustrating.
When I try to scroll down the page in the daily deals, the page will automatically scroll back up a few items making it very frustrating to keep my place.
Can't log in. Haven't been able to for quite some time. The regular website works fine. I get a message saying "error oops something wrong"
Just keeps saying error or no internet connection. I’ve tried deleting and redone loaded and it still doesn’t work.
Why can I not buy e-books on this application? I suspect I know and it’s stupid! Why can I not watch videos on iTunes? The copyright laws in this country are idiotic. But the only place I’m able to buy any book is on my laptop online, so dumb? This app is virtually unless!
Amazon has anything and everything you need, even the things you don’t even need nor want!  You can track packages now and that’s awesome so now I know there’s no problems and I can see what dates it’ll come in! It’s definitely worthy of 5 stars!
I thought it was great you could by literally anything but the one thing i cant stand is that there is no option to minimize the wish list
Used to be a great app, but now the app doesn’t work for most things. Not sure what Amazon is doing, they have screwed it up so it doesn’t work. This will definitely affect my purchasing habits.  I cannot view past orders, cannot load gift cards, etc.  it keeps asking me to log in, I log in and then it says “...oops something went wrong try again later...”.   I guess I should try Walmart’s app.
I thought the app for the iPhone was kind of terrible, but then I started using the app on the iPad and it’s the absolute WORST. I decided to go with Amazon for my baby registry because everyone shops on Amazon anyway, but boy was I mislead. First of all, navigating to my registry is a total pain in the a**. I shouldn’t have to click on a million different things to get to my registry, there should be one button conveniently located as soon as I open the app. Once I’m on my registry (on my iPad) I can’t even edit it because the formatting is all messed up... I’m forced to try again on my iPhone, or if that’s not working I have to go sit at my desktop, which seems really archaic for a company that’s basically ruling the world. People have told me that it’s been very difficult for them to even find where to search for my registry...this shouldn’t be happening! This all made me set up another registry where it lets me directly link to my Amazon registry. What a total unnecessary pain. C’mon Amazon, get with it. Remember when you only sold text books to college students? Those were the days...maybe you should go back to your roots.
After I changed the Amazon password from the browser, this app stopped working. If I place an order, or even try to log off (to log on again with new password) it gives an error message.
Amazon tech support stated the problem “is Apple’s fault” but regardless of why, we can no longer make purchases via the App. Without that ease of use there is little reason to use Amazon over Walmart etc.
It constantly asks for me password which I correctly enter but then will say that there is an error. Well, the error still lets me submits orders properly. So which is it is it?
The iPhone app let's you access account info, but the iPad app doesn't. That didn't make sense to me, and since I've had so many GREAT experiences with Amazon, I thought maybe I was just missing it, so I reached out to Amazon, and after a lengthy back-and-forth, they could neither confirm nor deny that this feature was part of the Amazon app, they just told me if I couldn't find it on my own, it might not be part of the app.   Sad! 
I love Amazon this app will get you any service. I love the products and the service is top rate.
During return, there is an option now to select multiple items to return but I can't get back to the original screen after I click he other items. Must close app completely to get to it again. Then I have to select each one separately. I want to Return them in one box. Not separate.
The app on my iPhone and iPad do not give me the option to purchase only download a sample.  Amazon customer service has not been able to solve my problem.  I can purchase and download from my MacBook with no problem.
At first I thought this app was nice but now after spending five minutes of my day getting frustrated trying to get it to multi-task I have learned that it was poorly designed and Amazon clearly thinks they are special by not allowing users to split screen the app intentionally.  Are they afraid people will split screen with Safari or other browsers to price compare and buy elsewhere?  I cannot think of any other reason for now allowing this feature.    Amazon....Fix the app and enable the features that people expect on an iPad. 
After this experience I won’t do business with Amazon again. The third party seller whom they contracted with told me that I would they  get back the purchase price for the shirt which was $55.99; that they would not refund the shipping fees.  So I expected to receive $55.99. I did not receive what I expected, it was shy $15.00. I have only purchased a few items through this company and I am not impressed. I won’t be back.  I have given them 5 years off and on of opportunities. No more.
Listen up I bought a Z Yang AG doll and all we got was a box.Thanks for getting me scammed.God Bless you so you can get a better company and better sellers
Update: I noticed another person was having the same problems as me. They deleted app and downloaded again. This fixed all my problems.  App wants my password, then says something went wrong. Then it goes to info anyway. I can't check out. App will unexpectedly quit. If I am looking at my orders it will suddenly go to enter password, and it all begins again. This is not the first order I have had a problem with. Last update needs some work. I am thoroughly frustrated!!!  I have no problem on Safari. 
App didn’t warn me that you can’t apply a promo and coupon to same order. Gave customer service a chance to rectify situation and they failed. 0 stars
The app will make you sign in, immediately say an error had occurred and then if you try to access that page again it will suddenly work? This bug is ridiculously annoying.
Screen once in a while glitches while clicking on a product , and continually flashes until you leave that screen. I don’t know if It has anything to do with Face ID but I’m guessing that may be the cause . Needs to be updated , stick with amazon.com for now
Login on the app has been broken for f***ing months. Fingerprint ain’t work. Typing pw errors you out. Get your sh*t together heifers.
Amazon itself has amazing phone service. They also have amazing policies that take care of the customer. But this app allows you to chat with “customer service” but as cheesy as this sounds, it’s absolutely customer disservice.   The reps take a very long time to help, if they help at all. It literally seems like in everything there always has to be one problem and that problem is absolutely their live “help”. The reps won’t answer questions, they answer very awkwardly on things I had no idea were awkward, it’s like I’m talking to a completely different company when I use the app. I actually uninstalled the app due to the horrible service.   Until they fix the farm they send the app requests to, I suggest calling them or using an email option. Having app reps who are far below a. It also standard of customer service, made me paranoid of having that team of people having access to my personal information inside the app. I do still purchase items and love amazon itself, but their app has actually made me paranoid to use it. 
Need to fix the authentication so we can actually order items and view history. This used to work but will not work now. It really limits what we need this app for. Always the “something went wrong error”
I want to know when something arrives. Gots lots of stuff arriving from amazon from multiple carriers all times of day. Notifications only allow me to have both shipping and arrival notifies. Don’t care when it ships. With modern day Amazon that almost doesn’t matter anymore. I want to know when it’s on my doorstep and only that.  Also how about a notification complication for the Apple Watch once the first issue is addressed.
Every time I try to order, it says “something went wrong” and then sends me to a loading page that never loads
I used to use the app ALL the time to buy things but they updated it a little while ago and now I can’t even buy things it always says there’s an error. It also makes me log-in if I do anything on the app at l all which is really annoying and never did this before...can you please fix it and go back to the way it was?
I love Amazon. I just ordered something using free shippping, and it estimated a week, but the next day it said it was coming tomorrow by 8 pm. The speed of getting your order is so fast, and they have everything you can think of. This is the only app I use for online ordering, and it is really great. Highly recommend getting this over any other online shopping app!
The app works for most tasks on the new iPhone. But, when reading reviews within users pictures, the app malfunctions. It shows just the picture! I can’t see the review. It just has a black bar with no option to read the review that goes with the picture like I used to be able to do on my old phone! Very irritating...
My app doesn’t work most of the time. Then I will try to go to the Amazon website through safari and it takes me back to the app. Super annoying. 🙁
Why Am I Paying For Prime If Your Still Going To Flood My App With Add(s) Some Adds Are Now Autoplay Videos. Not Okay. I Can Understand To Show Adds To Regular Non Prime Members. But Don’t Penny Pitch On Your Loyal Prime Customers. 
It worked fine until the last update. Now I can’t do anything without a screen popping up and asking for me to sign in despite the fact that I’m already signed in. Then it gives the message of oops something went wrong and I’m back where I started. Please fix this!
No matter what I do I always have a notification showing on the app icon. Useful to search but the website is so much better. Please fix the annoying notification thats on the icon and you'd get a darn near perfect rating from me.
I went to buy something on amazon & a pop up appeared from amazon stating download the amazon app & we'll give you $5 off your first $10 purchase. I didn't happen. I contacted Amazon customer service who bounced me around to 4 different people. Not one of them had a clue & I had to repeat my question 4 times.  I just gave up & deleted the app. 
Good app just some bugs to fix.   One bug that is really annoying is the jumping bug. When I scroll through deals of the day my screen suddenly jumps down and I’d have to scroll up to see items that I missed. It happens every four or five rows I scroll through.   my stats iPhone 6 124gb iOS 11.2.1 
It used to be great but for months now it keeps making me put in my password every 10 seconds over and over and won’t let me process an order. Please update it so it works!
Can you please fix the shopping car in the iPhone app. When yo pull down to view your cart, the app jumps over items and you miss them.  I don’t need recommendations in my cart.  Thx 
This is a terrible company!!!!!!! I am a PRIME MEMBER and this COMPANY SSSSSUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKKKSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have loved shopping on Amazon since I was in college when I still had a student discount. Up till recently I have not encountered a problem with the app on my phone or even on my iPad, but since a couple updates ago I am having trouble logging in to my account. I have to login from my computer to actually be able to see past orders or even to make a purchase. The app on my iPad and on my iPhone says something along the lines of“sorry an error has occurred” whenever I try to login
Lately I am unable to order anything via my app. It keeps telling me something went wrong. It’s incredibly frustrating to have to log onto my laptop or desktop to buy simple items when I could have done it in under 5 minutes on my phone. Please fix!
The application prompts for authentication way too often. I cant do anything without it prompting me for my password. If you have a highly secure password like me then entering it every single time is very frustrating.  Please relax the reauth requirement. I would luv to shop and check my orders wo being prompted.  Also entering amazon gift cards prompts for password and then gives error. 
This version is great with lots of new features. My primary purpose of writing this is really to provide feedback in hopes the Amazon app team will read this:  The feature to return multiple items seems to be broken. At least on my iPhone 7. When you enter the checklist there is no way out of it once you load more items. 
I love shopping on amazon but everytime I open my app now and for the past month or two, it says for me to please check my internet(something about CS1) and it will not let me sign in or do anything. I have deleted the app and re-downloaded it 4 times, but it still will not work at ALL
it’s hard to use and browse on the app because it keeps freezing, no way to see the products details when I clicked on the thumbnail. Had to use the desktop instead.
I downloaded it but I have to come to the App Store to open it. It didn’t download an icon
The app is great and I buy everything through here but what happened to the option for smile.amazon?  I purchase many items thinking my charity is going to get its donation but your app has no link only through the website. Extremely misleading!  Please adjust...St. Jude’s Children are worthy of my donation and would like to continue. #savethechildren 
I was shopping on their account for baby things. I was looking at my checkouts and went back and forth on my cart to check if i have everything i need~ i did not placed any order yet but i received an email saying that i ordered this one thing that is still on my cart! On top of that they processed my account to prime membership which i did not want... 😡😡😡
Like other reviewers I have been unable to make purchases from my app. I could add items to my cart, but when it was time to check out it would require me to input my password. And after submitting my password, I would receive a “something went wrong” error message. This has occurred over the past several months.  So today I deleted and reinstalled the app, and was able to conduct business as usual. No problems whatsoever.   This is a great app, but it can be frustrating if the above occurs. Therefore, delete and reinstall, and all will be better. 
Amazon is SCAM . I paid for overnight shipping but took 4 days to get my stuff delivered.
Amazon USED to be the best way to online shop! I always added more items to ALL my orders to qualify for free shipping and I loved the recieving my amazon boxes in a timely manner. Now they hold orders for 10-12 days before even “preparing to ship”. I am very disappointed in their negative efforts to force shoppers to pay for subcriptions to Amazon Prime for the fast shipping they once offered all qualified ($35.00 or more) shoppers before Amazon Prime. Everyone needs to unsubscribe from Amazon Prime to force them to return to fast service for all qualifying purchases!! Until then I’m looking elsewhere.
Was good until last update. Always has errors when placing orders now and for some reason my finger print isn’t signing me in anymore and not taking my password. Works on safari though.  It says “something went wrong”. So annoying!!
I couldn’t find a way to access Amazon Smile through my app, which is super disappointing. I love that feature of Amazon and I will just have to shop via browser unless this issue is corrected.
Dear Amazon! My iPhone knows that you are digging deep to get users data and from TV app also. So I am watching movies but internet is dropping every 15 min for two reasons one it takes lot of data to stream TV but if that was the case then YouTube and Netflix could also drag Wi-Fi speed but that doesn’t happen so another possibility is that you guys are just digging in for data and that’s the reason Wi-Fi is slowing down. Whether digging of the data is anonymously or privacy violence but it is indeed doing it and that is making a very bitter experience of streaming movies on the Samsung TV app. Now either you can blame it on Samsung TV software itself which might be possible as they do so. But in all this what we on user end experiencing is terrible suffering while watching a movie. I have no idea and by any means I cannot get any idea who the culprit to give this bitter experience of watching TV with this dropping internet connection. I hope if its your end then it will get well soon or if it is Samsung TV then hope they will also get well soon. 
I can’t use this anymore because I keep getting the “oops something went wrong” every time I have to enter my password. It won’t save my password either. Very frustrating. If I want to access Amazon I do it through a web browser.
The app keep getting error msg
FYI.. prime customer for years, and have bought $thousands in products ..but I HATE THIS NEW APP CHECKOUT CART!    I just want to check-out!!!!!  I don’t need to see my wishlist or previously purchased lists completely!   Minimize that crap and give me suggestions if you must.. but tone this endless page of crap down!! 
I use the most recent reviews feature a LOT when purchasing and I am unable to do so using the amazon app. I have to exit it, go back to the product I was viewing and then I’ll be able to receive the option to sort by most recent. A lot of unnecessary work
App doesn’t scale properly on the iPhone X and it needs to be updated. Very surprised it hasn’t been patched by now.
Decent app. Please enable use with Apple Watch. I’d love to be able to receive notifications, updates and stream music
I’m giving this one star for a couple of reasons. I still have to go to my computer to make a purchase if I want to use Amazon Smile to support a charity. Although it does help that I can add items in the app and they’re in my cart when I go to my computer. Amazon needs to add the Amazon Smile to their app. Also, I was supposed to get a $20 credit from Amazon for installing the app and signing in for the first time and it’s been over two weeks. I have yet to see my credit.
App won’t work without WiFi connection.
Love the app update but difficult to get to sellers account from the app. Please rectify!
I constantly get the “something went wrong” warning.  I can’t make purchases because of it. I thought a purchase went through and the package never arrived.
Are you serious? You have an entirely separate cart for rentals and no button to immediately access it. I’ve only been able to find it on my computer.
I don’t mind notifications about my orders. I hate the mindless non-stop “deals” I receive even though I disabled any option related to it. Best thing is to disable the notifications for the app and just rely on email notifications for order status.
I had to turn them off even though I wanted notifications of orders placed, because my phone won’t stop vibrating to let me know products I never use are on sale. I’m a frequent customer, Amazon, stop p***ing me off.
What's up with the ads on the home page? I get it if stores are promoting their Amazon sold products but do we need Geico ads and ads to buy tickets to movies now? Get these off of here.
Love that I can shop Amazon, but am annoyed at the needless bells and whistles. For example, my phone vibrates every time I add something to my cart... how is that remotely necessary? At least make it an option that can be disabled.
I keep having issues with the Amazon iPhone app. It keeps telling me to check my internet connection and try again (CS1) and the pop up is Network Error: The Amazon.com mobile service encountered a problem. Please try again shortly.  I even undeleted and reinstalled, nothing works. This has been ongoing for several months now.  Please fix this issue! 
I don’t understand why I can’t purchase a kindle book in this app on my iPhone. I have to go out of the app and go to the full site in order to purchase a title. I can download a sample but not purchase it.
I put $50 onto my account to buy a playstation card. I confirm the purchase and it shows i buy it. Then it gets cancelled automatically and then when I thought I finally got it to work, it says my account has been disabled. Will I ever even be able to use the $50?
AMAZON ALWAYS WANTS ME TO SPEND MORE THEN MY GIFT CARD BALANCE ! OVER TIME AMAZON HAS BECAME REALLY GREEDY SHIPPING SAYS FREE WHEN IT’S REALLY NOT!
I’m fine with the way the app is set up, BUT one of my most used features when shopping on Amazon is checking the photos in reviews to see real life images of the products. The app hasn’t allowed me to do this on my iPad Pro for some time now, so I mostly have to use the browser version of the site anyway. Is this feature coming back to the app or should I just delete it? Frustrated.
Good app, but those automatic videos are a big no for me, will give 4 stars if changed. Love Amazon
I have few issues on the iPhone but the iPad app freezes and needs a big UI update. It’s quite ugly and uninviting. It doesn’t make me want to use the app which hurts Amazon in the end. Making the app better can only help their bottom line which makes me wonder why they don’t.
Shopping using the Amazon app is very slow. It always seems to be buffering to open even it’s own selections! Using the app is very counter-intuitive.  It is also very targeted to my previous purchases. When it’s not focusing on my previous purchases, it seems focused on their own deals and things that are pretty far out. I Shop on Amazon almost exclusively and I very rarely use the app
Transforms my shopping experience into a fuc. Ng nightmareeeeeee!!!!!!!’
The app sometimes squeezes the buttons at the top on iPhone X, making it impossible to click the back button.
Every time I try to view my orders it says there is an error. Every time I try to checkout there is an error. Every time I try to change my list settings there is an error. But I can get on my laptop and do everything just fine. Fix this bug please it’s so inconvenient and renders the app completely useless.
Just like on the iPhone it needs a customer pic gallery for the app.
Necesito saber si tienen la opción de desconectar todas la conexiones, ya qué hay una persona que está conectada con mi usuario y aún ella ha utilizado mi cuenta y ya no quiero que lo siga haciendo, yo cambie la clave de mi cuenta pero ella aún sigue conectada y lo utiliza
I tried to order somethings for my friend and send the items to her house and I put in the address but I accidentally sent it to my address but the app won't let me edit or cancel my order as of 30 minutes after the purchase as of which I have been trying for the entire time
I hold Amazon to a very hire standard, and their mobile app disappoints. I once had an authentication issue that would not resolve itself, and amazons support suggested that I uninstall the app and reinstall. This is not a solution.  Most recently every time I log in it says “something went wrong”, but then if I click something else I am actually logged in. It shouldn’t be this tricky. 
So far so good. 👍I have amazon prime and I swear this app gives me life!!i love everything about this app and they make sure that it arrives on time! This is the best shopping app ever and I’m addicted!
I downloaded the Amazon app for the ease of shopping on my phone. However when I use my finger print it just says ‘something went wrong’ and never loads. The same thing happens. It’s made the app virtually unusable. I might just delete it.
Downloaded because I saw a promotion where I'd get $10 off a purchase of $20 or more when signing into the app for the first time. Then realize that I wouldn't get the deal for 7 business days in my email. Never got the email, so I called customer service. They never heard about the promotion so wouldn't honor it. Deleting the app now because they don't know what promotions they are running.
I find the Amazon app to be fine but I would definitely enjoy that pay pal feature to be able to pay for things also because I don't really like using cards or my personal bank account for transactions so please integrate Pay Pal!!!!!!
Can’t buy or access or print gift cards with the app. After Face ID is approved, error message says “Oops... something went wrong.” What’s going on?!
I can’t get rid of the badge notification for this app, so I am temporarily rating the app a 2; I’ll come back and adjust to five whenever this is fixed.
Well first off I’d like to say the app itself as far as purchasing is well’mm good but I’m not exactly at all satisfied at being able to get a hold of customer service. I will probably not be shopping here anymore due to their lack of response to my requests for help
Can’t add things to cart in fresh without crashing the whole app.
Why can’t I change the shipping address?? When I try to change it, it exits out of the screen and reverts back to the previous page! So annoying!! Please fix.
I put in a very specific search term. Yet I get a scattered result. For tires I give a wheel size of 16, and get 15 as well. Look for tires and get canvas spare covers. I don’t need the aggravation.
Thanks to the most recent update, when you try to add to cart or checkout, you're given a error message, "sorry, something went wrong," and nothing happens.   Similarly, thanks to the update, you can find yourself stuck in checkout purgatory.  Clicking "place your order" will revert your screen to "proceed to checkout."  Fix these bugs that didn't previously exist. 
The app is great I've been using it for years but lately things are glitching or just not working. One thing that I've noticed is when I go to review items that I've purchased and received it won't let me, it says I have not purchased the items. The app is very convenient and useful but could use some maintenance.
As much as I love Amazon, it doesn’t help that I’m now unable to add to my wish list especially during the holiday season!  Please fix it.
So now if I’m listening to music and scroll past an auto playing video ad, it stops my music?!? This is garbage and needs to be removed. I will refuse to buy any product that puts an ad out like this.
Please fix the purchase and sellers function. I can’t do anything if. It’s on this app anymore.
Amazon smile does not work thru the app
There's a persistent notification badge icon that won't go away and I have no idea what the notification is for. Also, "default to these shipping preferences" never defaults to those shipping preferences and that stupid shopping bar at the bottom of the screen won't stay away. I'm just gonna start buying local again. Amazon is corrupt.
Crashes at checkout. I was told it was because I was using an older phone and now I have a iPhone 10 and it still kicks me out at check out. I have to go to my pc to check out. What pain
The app is easy to use and has lots of great features, including price comparison.  However, it is not compatible with the Amazon Smile program, where 1/2 of a percent of my purchase goes to my favorite charity, Institute for Justice.  I have to add everything to my basket and then order through my browser.  It’s a small donation to a great organization Amazon, make it apply to ALL of my purchases regardless of the platform I order on!
I live on this app. Prime customer. Amazon rewards card holder. I can’t place an order! Anytime I add items to my shopping cart, click proceed to check out, and then click place order, my order does not go through. It’s simply re-loads the shopping cart page. Please fix this serious error as soon as possible
Gift options only work every now and then. The cart is always jacking up. Address section will not stay updated and it sent my stuff to an old address I had removed. 1 out of every 3 uses this clunky app messes up. Not worth the “ease”.
Amazon is awesome for getting certain items you need however the past two times I have ordered parts for my car the description clearly says this will fit your vehicle, however they don’t fit when they arrive. So I don’t think I’m going to be ordering parts for my car from here anymore.
What happened to the shopping list? I used to be able to get into my shopping list on my iPhone and now I can’t? Why, whathappened?
There needs to be a fix for the high background activity.  According to my battery, I’ve used the app for 2 mins but had 15 mins background activity.  Even when I turn it off it still registers, so something is hanging when I suspend the app.  Please fix, I will be uninstalling until a fix is issued. 
Your app is ok. The wishlist tray needs to go away.   But I want to leave feedback on Amazon... I can’t do it on the website, I can’t do it in the app, I called once and they say d they took my feedback and would enter it in their system for management. I asked do a copy... but that is against policy.   So we, as consumers:  1. have no voice over 3rd parties 2. Can’t complain against Amazon  3. Have to watch bots buy up new releases and then resell for 3-5 times the price (I’m pretty sure Amazon is getting kickbacks) 4. But... the people you do actually talk to are nice. 
Get $20 off when you get app and sign in... blah blah blah.. didn’t want the app.. got it because of the promo and never got my coupon .. been almost 2 weeks.. will be deleting now
Autoplay Video takes over Audio. Cannot use while listening to anything else.
When I go to the website it routes me to the app no matter what and your app is completely garbage!  I can’t change payment options I can’t change shipping speeds I can’t get the amazon prime notification about streaming and music to stop popping up!  Y’all are killing retail and then online shopping too The app is now garbage! You guys need to start all the way over i think! 
The app makes you jump through hoops to  ship to a new address, but after jumping through those hoops, if you're not careful, it will simply ship to the default address. Should be smart enough after adding a new address to ask if your should go to the new address. Poor UX.
Amazon please fix the app. I can't place an order. My cart continues to 'go empty'. Constant error messages. I can't believe this app has gone to the dogs. Please fix/update. Your killing me!
I love this app...but I have deleted and downloaded this app over and over again. There is a notification badge that I can’t get to go away. I have checked everything. I can thing of, to no avail. Please, can you fix this or tell me how to?! Thanks!
A lot of functionality is broken. I can’t even buy things in my cart... it keeps asking me to select a shipping address. Just one of many major bugs.  Usually amazon is better... on iPhone X FYI. 
Can shop and place items in cart but when I hit “proceed to check out” it says “something went wrong”. Sometimes I can get to the check out page and when I select to check out it still gives that error code. No problems with acct - I can order just fine directly on the website
They canceled my order and investigated my account without my permission. One recent customer service didn’t even read the whole previous chat and left the chat while I was explaining the problem exclaiming restrictions. Super rude! If you are bounded to rules, put rules on customers first, will you? I will never buy from this site anymore! เวรเอ่ย
STOP TAKINGGGGG MY FUKKIN MONEYYYYYY IF YOU SEE I DIDNT FUKKIN PURCHASE IT IN MY NAMEEEEE!!!!   I WANT MY FUKKIN MONEY BACK OR ELSE IM TAKING LEGAL ACTIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Won’t let me use Touch ID or sign in
What is that? How can this app be created with such a narrow-minded focus as to miss the ability to buy?
It’s getting really annoying. Without this being fix the app is basically useless. I can’t add items to my lists, can’t check my order status etc. whenever I try to verify with fingerprints, which should not be the only option in the first place, it says something is wrong. SO FIX THIS.
Well, I can’t log in these days, either by touch or by logging in. I keep getting a “sorry, something went wrong, please try again” error. Then I’ll go back later and it works for a little bit then throws up the touch login screen, error, try to sign in, error..... endless frustrating cycle. So amazon... you want my money? Fix the app.
It is harder to browse Amazon using the app than it is in Safari. Not that it matters though, since the authentication mechanism is broken and neither entering your password nor using touchID lets you make a purchase. Lame.
I don’t know what you did but I’m not the only one having an issue. I put my password in and it just seats there. I go back to the Home page and then try to check my order status. It works for about 30 seconds then kicks me out. Please fix it.
Jeff Bezos worked hard to become the boot and he has used his wealth with tyrannically. The workers deserve much more than the slave compensation Bezos withers to them. 🙌 to the hard working people of Amazon and the big ol’🐦 to Jeff Bezos and Amazon! Go on strike if you have to!
If I try to order on the app, or access my pending orders, or look at wish lists, the app asks me to sign in again, then comes back with an error message. I have to go to my computer to accomplish anything with Amazon. Especially frustrating at the holiday season. Hope there is a fix coming like yesterday!  Also: defaults to ‘show password’? Not good. 
Order today (Thursday, Dec. 21) with Prime, and receive by next Wednesday (dec 27). Wow. Why am I even paying Prime?   Also have had some pretty rude customer service reps as of late. I know things are crazy during the holidays, but this isn’t ok. 
Amazon is just not trustworthy. They allow sellers who rip people off and take no responsibility for that. With all the power they have, they could at least bet their sellers and protect their customers. Eventually people are just not going to trust them and they will look elsewhere.
Every time I go to order something it has me choose the shipping address over and over again or it will pop up with a message that says “something is wrong” I love amazon and I pay for prime. Please fix the app so I can buy things or else I don’t know if it’s worth it to pay for prime.
I can't place orders from the app.  I saw another review with the same problem, that when you hit 'proceed to checkout' it asks which address to ship to and you can't get past that!  It just slams you right back to the cart!  I have to go to my browser to actually order!  And the Touch ID always has an error!  The current version of the app is just a mess!  I will say that for the most part it works like it should, but just not the important parts!
Amazon and the company delivery “UPS” Are the worsts 
Ever since they moved their customer relations over seas it’s been going down hill! I call can’t understand the other person who is illiterate to multiple issues  Every time there’s a issue your call service or chat makes it worse!!  Glad this opened my eyes before the renewal date!! I will be canceling!!! 
I love amazon and use it multiple times a week to online browse and order whatever (batteries, vitamins, gifts, etc..), but recently the cart (save for later) has this weird thing that makes viewing my saved items impossible.  When you scroll down the app wants to show you “other items” similar to what you have saved, but all it does is refresh my screen and make it where I can’t ever scroll down!  Infuriating!  Also, not a fan of that wish list pop up tray at the bottom either.  Just takes up room and it’s not needed. 
Easy to use and never stop improving! Keep it up team Amazon!
About half of the time for the past few months, every time I try to use the app to view my past orders or change my subscribe and save, a “something went wrong” notification comes up. The app is basically useless half the time.
The app is great for shopping and buying.  However, thats where it stops.  Amazon customer service has always been pretty shotty over the years, and they also try to prevent you from contacting them as much as possible by burying the ability to or out right preventing it and forcing you to use online help which only can answer maybe half the questions.  I worked for an outsourcer with Amazon in the past and it was as bad then this is when their contact info by email or phone was easily accessible.
Unable to use AmazonSmile with the app
For the past two weeks I am having a hard time logging in to my account on the app. I have to utilize the web version just to sign in. Which can take longer. It’s becoming more and more frustrating. When I sign I‎t I get a notification that reads something went wrong. It’s not my password because I use the same password for my the web log In and I‎t works perfectly fine. I’m goin to give I‎t one more week. If not. I’m deleting this app. Makes no sense to have something I can’t use.
I added something to a list and several hours later when reviewing a different order, discovered it had been ordered. I a, confident the app was at fault because I had other items in my cart that were still there. No one touch buy screen came up, and for some reason I didn’t notice the email amid others from Amazon. I tried to cancel but they said couldn’t, to which I said not my problem. 8 hours later I get a shipping notification — meaning they had plenty of time to stop it but didn’t, so now I have to deal with all the nonsense.   This was a useful app before, but it appears to have a very inconvenient bug at the moment. 
i would really like to see the “smile” feature added so i can donate to the chosen charity group.
I haven’t been able to log in to the app in weeks. It asks for my password, then says something went wrong and won’t let me do anything. I can’t view my orders, place orders... anything past the login screen.
There is no photos and videos on product reviews on ipad pro 12.9 using amazon app.
Gave shipping notifications even though I was not signed into an account. This may have ruined a couple Christmas gifts.
I can’t purchase anything in the app since the last update. Won’t recommend until they fix
Neither FaceID works, nor just the plain old password. I’m forced to use my PC to view orders. Please fix. It used to work fine. Same goes for changing payment method once in the checkout. When I click on the payment method (in order to change it), it simply reloads the cart instead of offering me the option to choose one of my other payment methods. This app is a complete disaster on iPhone X. 
App has “problem occur” every time a password is put in.
Bought a prime item on Sunday, now it’s saying delivery scheduled for Friday? I did not receive ANY notification of its delay and there is NO WAY to contact anyone for help in the app or on the site. Very frustrating.
I love Amazon it is like the best app in the whole entire world I do Christmas shopping on it and I'm fine really expensive stuff a really low prices
i always say - give your product/soft to your granny to try. If she is able to use it than  its cool. Why did you place the swipe action Further Info on the scanner page at the bottom? As a result in 90% of cases i swipe up to open the phone's control panel. Also there is the terrible violation of privacy: i must accept your outrageous demand to send scanned photos to you. Never happens. Rolled back to previous version 7.x - it does absolutely everything i need. 
This app is garbage you’d think one of the largest business in the world would have a functioning app.
Constant errors trying to log-in to view account details.
I can’t delete the app. Not deleting cus bad, deleting cus need storage. Every time I delete it mysteriously comes back 🤔🤔🤔
That’s the message that pops up on this app after the recent updates. I can’t check the status of any orders or order new things now. Makes it kind of a useless app.
My review would be higher if the app worked. It's a 50-50 as to whether or not it gives me a CS1 error even though I have internet connection.
Please five the option to increase the type size since it’s hard to read those tiny descriptions thanks
Resets to view cart after adding a new address, no support for Apple Pay or any pay.
While browsing for books, I can choose paperback, hardcover, or audio, and I am given a choice to ‘Add to cart’, but as soon as choose kindle, the only choice is download sample. Doesn’t make sense.
This app is so great especially with shipping...I do recommend getting amazon prime but if you don't don't worry shipping is still very fast and very easy to use
I’ve used this app for quite awhile but in the last few weeks I can’t make any purchases. I get an error when I do Touch ID or even when I input my password. Amazon made me change my long time password and ever since then the app hasn’t worked to make purchases 90% of the time. Every once in awhile it doesn’t make me do a password so then I can purchase. Please fix this bug.   2 weeks later and this is still a problem, just in time for Christmas shopping. I have not bought nearly as much from Amazon because of this issue. I wonder how many other people have given up. 
Having the same problem as Horselovermom. Having the app is pointless if I have to log in through desktop just to purchase. The update didn't help either.
I’ve had this app for several months and it has always had glitches, but now more so than ever. I’m using iPhone 7 and the latest  app update but can’t use it to complete a purchase because it locks in a circular linking loop. Some of the features like past orders consistently return an error message. Amazon should have a much better app development team than would produce something like this.
Amazon wouldn’t give me the $10 credit they promised for signing in... Going back to eBay.
I love Amazon and the app is very good. My biggest complaint is that the app and the browser site aren’t the same. I’m tired of going to the browser every time I want to buy a book. Same with their audible and kindle apps.  You have to go to the browser to buy stuff.
All is fine except one thing: I have to delete and reinstall the app once in a while, or it’ll constantly pop out a window says “Something was wrong blablabla” when I try to log in
You need to remove that because if multiple people use the same acct they can see if someone ordered a surprise for that person
App will no longer allow me to checkout, just sends me back to shipping address continually. Also is now making me sign in with my password every time I want to do anything and gives an error telling me to try again later. Obviously some pretty bad bugs in the app right now (Absolutely love amazon this review is for the app). When the app works it’s a 5 Star app.
Every 3 mins or sooner the app shift to a screen asking for my password again and again and it always says “sorry something went wrong please try again” .  I have never been able to buy anything with the app so it has failed in its very purpose! I wish I could give this app no stars.
This wish list that pops up is so unnecessary.  I plain out hate it every time Im scrolling down and just happen to hold it for just a second too long for that thing to pop up.   Next thing I know, I dragging this item I have no interests in, knowing that if I let it go it will automatically be added to the “wish list”.  I’m already addicted to online shopping, I don’t need any extra help adding “wish list” to my well organized catalog of lists.  And to be clear, aren’t all lists technically a wish list.  If you could buy them that instant you wouldn’t need a list to begin with.   Redundant , just plain redundant. 
I have no issues logging in my account with my password but once logged in everything I navigate through the app (such as orders, account, payment) it makes me enter my password again and then gives me a message telling me ‘not working, try back later’ ?????? Why can’t u buy anything or use this app anymore? I have the correct login and password. Please fix issues and update this app it needs it!!
All of the sudden I can’t use this app anymore. Every time It asks for my password and I put it in, it just gives me an error message and takes me back to the main menu. The rating would change if the app worked
Amazon, you realize that login inside the app has been broken forna really long time, right? I can't change password, change treasure truck location, etc? Anything that requires a password, I get a "something went wrong, please try again" message after submitting password and then the page reloads withoit completing whatever I was attempting to do. It's been like this for many app revisions.
Wishlist:  - Make the checkout a full page instead of a tiny pop-up. - Accept ApplePay. - Allow AmazonSmile within the app. 
App keeps kicking me back to my cart when trying to purchase. Says “sorry something went wrong” each time I try to purchase and asks for my password. Please fix!
Be very careful. I tried to use $170.00ish in reward points and magically it was charged to my Amazon credit card. I noticed it the next day before delivery and they said I would have to return it at a cost of $22+ and reorder it. They could not adjust my Amazon card. Excuse me?  How does the bank know if the package has been returned or not?  Stupid. Then I get an email telling me I did something wrong. However I ordered 2 items and the small item used my points. It was the big ticket item, the one I really wanted, that mysteriously got charged to my card. No wonder Amazon is doing so well.
Trying to update payment info, selection for expiration date greys out the screen with no month / day selection wheel.
IT WONT LET ME DO ANYTHING!!! All it says is “something went wrong try again” 😡😡😡😡👎👎
can’t look at any previous orders because it prompts me to sign in (even tho i’m ALREADY signed in) and then when i do it says, “oops! something went wrong. Try again.” and then I do try again and its just the same thing over and over. can’t even use the app at all anymore
My Amazon app keeps saying "sorry something went wrong. Where working on fixing it. CS3 I've tried everything and it won't work.
Remember when Prime shipping meant you’d have your stuff in two days? After all, that’s what you pay $100 a year for. Now it’s become so convoluted and ridiculous that it simply isn’t worth it anymore. You waste time shopping for items only to find out that “Prime” shipping gets you your stuff in a week or even longer. Uh, what am I paying for then? If it’s not able to be to me in 2 days then why is it allowed to have the Prime icon? Quit trying to backtrack on your promises.
Your app is awful and now my girlfriend knows all my gift ideas for her
I have been using amazon services for years. The app must have been recently updated, because it is acting very buggy. It keeps shutting down, I can’t make my purchases from it anymore (now I need to go to my desktop computer to place an order).  The app used to work great. I just deleted it. I’m going to try downloading it again to see if that solves anything.
Repeatedly prompts me to log in and then says “something went wrong.” I’ve updated, restarted, all of that. I still have to go to my computer to make a purchase. Not very convenient.
Had a bad day and amazon just made it horrible. The glitches are bad
I have the exact same problem as horselovermom. Please get this fixed- I am just about ready to trash my Amazon account!!!!
Amazon worked wonders on my iPhone 6... I was long overdue for an upgrade so I upgraded to the best. I expected the apps from major, million dollar companies to work flawlessly with my new phone. Sadly, this is untrue. When amazon fixes Face ID and login errors, I’ll come back to the app.
After downloading this app to my phone I am happy with the app BUT how do I close/shut down app when I exit?  This is too much info open to whomever gets my phone.  Of course I password protect my phone, but I want this app to shut down when I close it.
Cannot process Face ID, constantly asks for password and crashes - terrible timing for glitches with holidays approaching, and I have seen no recent updates.  Has worked well in the past, but they really need to fix for X.
Login failed is all I keep seeing even though password is correct. Then it lets you in but I can’t change payment method and kicks you back to cart. Ugh.
Now there are video ads in this app with sound? They force stop my music app and can’t be muted. This is ridiculous. C’mon Amazon.
Was attempting to scroll through a product page but the app misinterpreted it as me clicking the “Buy With 1-Click” button and suddenly I’ve ordered a $25 swiffer duster set that I didn’t really want... thanks Amazon. I never even enabled “Buy with 1-Click” for my phone anyway...
This app has become awful. Every time it asks me to enter my password I receive a pop up message saying, “sorry, an error has occurred.” Now when I try to enter my gift card, it won’t process it and returns me to my shopping cart. What gives?
Wonderfully crafted app; from the speed, the layout, the usability, support contacts; it’s just easy to pick up and go. However, with that being said, I would love to see two new features; Dark/Light Themes, and Collapsible Sections.   The option to go between “Dark/Light themes” would be a glorious addition for those midnight “I forgot to buy ______!” epiphanies, or shopping for your best friend’s birthday party while in the middle of a luncheon in the park.  The “Collapsible Sections” would free up much unnecessary scrolling through an item’s page, and you can expand or collapse what you deem it’s important to you. I would love to have this feature apply to the following sections:  - Frequently Bought Together - Sponsored products related to this item - Compare to similar items - Have a question? - About this item - Related Video Shorts (when applicable) - Customers who bought this also bought - Customer Questions - Customer reviews - Sponsored products related to this item - What do customers buy after viewing this item? - Customers who viewed this also viewed  This option would save on load times, data usage since all those videos and images would be hidden, and would make each item page much cleaner-looking.   This idea could lead to or evolve into a Table of Contents instead; Open the Table, click on your desired item, say, Customer Reviews, and it would take you there AND expand it for you!  I’m not sure how difficult or tedious it would be to incorporate these features, but they would be, in my opinion, amazingly welcomed additions to an already stellar app!  Thanks again, Amazon team! 
Since the last update I am unable to purchase from the app or see past orders, or go to account info.  I get an error and it crashes. Never had a problem before the last update. Hoping the devs see this and fix it soon.
The app does not allow me to sign in with my password or Touch ID. I’ve tried reinstalling and it still doesn’t work. I don’t have this problem with any other app on my iPhone.
I am an amazon prime holder loved the site until this past huge order I did for Christmas they charged me five different times now my account is froze won’t get my things for Christmas cause of their error so now I’m left to struggle and all I got is I’m sorry 😂🖕 please explain this to my four year old son and me as a single mother thanks amazon for nothing called three times just to get a not my problem story !
Whenever I access the My Orders screen (and even at some random times), it asks me to confirm my password, even if I already am signed in. I understand the security, but it should only need it once for when I open the app. If I'm checking multiple orders, I will have to enter my password upwards of ten times. Intrusive and ridiculous. Pretty decent app otherwise. Would be better with fixing this issue, and allowing the viewing of sub-departments as online. e.g. Electronics>Tablets>iPads. This is possible to find, but not easy.
I ordered 15 items 9 days before Christmas and all items said will arrive before Christmas. Also ordered 2 items not expected until after Christmas so I paid for expedited shipping to get in 2 days. Not only am I not getting my 15 items until the 29th, but even the items I paid for expedited shipping will be late. When I contacted them they said I can pay an extra $62 to get items before Christmas. Hmmm...
We all know Amazon. By now we all know how it works. Some of us will use all the Prime Member features and others may just use the free shipping. Quit prompting me and reminding me what I’m not using. I know this works. It does work seamlessly between the app on my iPhone, iPad and my PC. That’s a good thing. The problem lies in the format of the app on the iPhone, iPad and then PC. Not much consistency. So you have to get used to 3 different layouts and interactions. I dislike the wishlist on the bottom of the iPhone app. Takes up valuable real estate. Fine on the iPad but why can’t we have it on the PC? Maybe you can but I have never been able to figure it out. How about a color overall? I’m tired of looking at the green blue color by now on the iPhone app. I believe last year for the cyber Monday sales it was easy to find the deals quickly including upcoming etc. This year it almost took a Herculean task to find anything other than what Amazon was pushing. I hate how the Subscription service is done. Every item is a separate order, why can’t you assign a separate number for the Subscription? For business purposes it would be nice to have a breakdown of shipping savings either per item or per order? I’m sure that would allow us to figure out that they probably pay zero in shipping. Amazon loads up the website I wish they would load the app. It seems at times, the app has its limitations. Every other app allows you in some way to be customize, but it sure would be nice to allow the customer to do that with this app to be able to see what we want. I have so many other ideas but I’m tired of typing. Amazon don’t worry we will still be here!
Since the last update, the app crashes whenever I try to change a shipping or payment address, look at previous orders, or browse more than 2 minutes. It kicks me out and makes me enter my password—every time. Not fun to deal with close to Christmas :/
I wanted to buy a movie to stream and could not do it on the amazon video app. So I tried this app also couldn't buy it. So I try going to my browser to buy it and it just take me right back to the app. Extremely annoying.
App has nice layout and is very convenient, except one little thing - I can't place order though it. It has been crashing since the last update.
iPad version is awful compared to iPhone version. iPhone version does everything I can do on web, but iPad is very limited. Spent 15 min trying to figure out where to find my registry. Not on the menu or department list or link in the bottom. Still cannot find it. Uninstalling.
Amazon app for iPhone. Sometime in fall 2017 this app was RUINED. I can no longer place new orders or view existing ones!
Trying to order a package and send to a different address but every time I put address in-doesn’t save it when go to order.
My app was working perfectly three days ago and now I get “no internet connection “!  Please help me I don’t see any support for my iOS device on this matter.
When I logged on to my account on my browser they had a promo for downloading the app. $20 off next purchase of $40 or more just for logging in to your account through the app. So I did as it instructed and it said congratulation you will get an email with your coupon on 7 days. Ridiculous already, most websites send the coupons right away. Well I of course never got the email and when I called Amazon they said there was nothing they could do without the email confirmation?! the whole reason for the phone call is because I never got it!
I use to love you, Amazon Prime, until you lost your bid and "2-day shipping" now takes a week at times. Not worth my $100 now. Such a scam. So sad to have to let you go.
I usually shop through this app but hate having to go my internet browser to check out using Amazon Smile. I wish the app would “Smile”!
I have a lot if items in my cart. However, the app behaves well until a certain point (say 30-50 items). After that point, no matter how many times you scroll, it just keeps loading the last 5-6 items. What did the update fix?
Why am I not able to make purchases through my iPad like I can from my laptop? Most of the items say “not available for purchase from this device”. Come on Apple, you are making it too inconvenient to use your products. FYI - it is the same with my iPhone.
I don’t know what happened, but suddenly my amazon app is unusable, and I’m not the only one having the same problem. First, whenever I try to do something on the app, it asks me for my password, then when I put it in, tells me “something went wrong. Please try again later.” Then, I pick an item to order, hit “proceed to checkout”, and after I select which address to ship to, the app just goes back to the main page and refuses to complete my order! I can’t order anything or do anything on this app!
I love amazon but now that I have the iPhone X I cannot use the app. When I go to check out I can’t because it wants facial recognition. So now I have to go through the internet. Please update for x users. Thanks!
On my iPhone I hit check out it takes me to type password then back to cart over and over. I guess y’all don’t want my money?
Since the first of October pages don’t fully load or don’t load at all, and when they do and I’m able to shop I can’t check out! Always asking me for my password....
My purchases (via browser) are always via smile. This app needs a settings designation to allow that. Until that happens, I’ll use app for product research but go to browser to actually purchase.
The app is extremely unstable now, won’t load pages and now I can’t even login, getting the message “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”
Why can’t I see customer reviews pictures??? This blows my mind why I can see them on my iPhone app but not on the iPad Pro app? 🤯
This app seems like it was designed in 2012 and hasn't been updated since. Its hard to use and has a few bugs here and there. I tried delivering a package to a certain address and defaulted into a nother address. I didn’t realize this until later so I had to cancel the order.
A glitch will kick you back to cart when you want to check out.
Feels like a bug: Enable Touch ID on ios devices DL Amz app. Login, enable touch ID. Next change your Amz password on a browser. (I have Prime). Now dont logout of Amz on your iOS devices. Check Orders > Use finger for TOuch ID.   Result: error message appears “ oops, something went wrong”  Logout/Login of apps. Re-enter new password.  Result: Unable to Touch ID. Exposes all Acct related menus.  Fix this Amazon...🧐 
Not sure where to go, this will be the 4th time in a row that my package will not arrive on the day promised because it’s either shipped to the wrong spot and then it has to backtrack or because it’s just “late” I don’t know what the heck is going on but I’m seriously thinking about taking business else where when it comes to ordering online. First two times I can handle, not four times in a row.
I downloaded it because I was feeling lazy and didn’t want to type in my gift card code, and you’re supposed to be able to scan it on the app. Not only did that not work, even when browsing I can’t get through a page or two without it asking for my password and giving me an error (even though I’m already signed in) or it asking to enable Touch ID and then giving me an error. I deleted the app and am going back to the mobile browser, which is pretty well-designed and not nearly as buggy 
Every time I try to purchase from the app, I get message -“sorry, something went wrong.  Please try again.”  Have to always bring up within web browser to check out or looking up past orders.
Please update the app to be split screen function friendly.  Thank you!
Needs a button on the top boarder of the app the copies the link to the product you are looking at.
Used to work no problem. Now I get “oops something went wrong” every time I try to check out. Dumb.
Trying to order gifts for my out of state family and the site keeps telling me that there is an error and to try again later!!! Worst time of year for this glitch!
Any buttons/UI elements on the bottom of the screen don’t respond to taps 9/10 times (see Customer Service chat option).  iPhone X, iOS 11.2, Amazon app 9.22.0 
So far the starting page is good has easy to navigate, but it does need some love in the comment section with better flow of people personal image been shown it feel so old trying to view them wish it would be more sliding and reading review of the image that was uploaded but the user.   Also if there can be a butting for same day pick up items that would be amazing. Yes there is prime button but that 2day shipping what if need it soon or something. But so far it’s good and I have any issues with the app. 
It’s quite a shame how big amazon is and still how buggy the app is. There’s nothing wrong with the UI, it looks great, but boy is it buggy. It’ll throw you into these loops between adding an item to a list, password or anywhere along the check-out process. I never really have success with the app. It’s practically useless except to browse item, then send yourself the link to the computer to order there.
I tegularly get an error when trying to view my orders. The app will ask me to login with my password and them it just errors out.  Eventually it will work, but only after going back to home and trying again multiple times.
Was given the promotion of a $20 credit for my first app sign in. When I never got it, I went to the promo page and it said I wasn’t eligible. Not worth the memory space
First, I love amazon! Second, I hate the app. Every time I check “orders” it makes me log in, so I do. Then it says something went wrong and won’t let me check orders. I have to use my husband’s phone to do it. I want to be able to stay logged in and check my orders. Please help.
App won’t let me sign in with thumb print nor with username & password, so I cannot check orders, etc.  It gives me a gray screen that does nothing.  App is VERY invasive privacy-wise, but that’s just Amazon for ya. 
Not sure what happened with last update but I’m repeatedly getting this “something went wrong” message when I try to do anything except a basic product search. Pretty frustrating so shopping has to only occur in iPad or desktop, not working for iPhone. Woe is me. First world problems.
Although items are listed as prime 2-day shipping doesn't mean you will even get the items. Most of the items are listed as available but are truly out of stock in warehouse. I will not be renewing my membership since most items take a week to be delivered.
The app won’t let me view pictures.  FRUSTRATING!!! 
It is extremely aggravating every time you want to sign or view details with thumbprint or username and password an error message comes up and says something went wrong. Somethings wrong alright, the second biggest retailer can’t fix a iPhone application...
I have Amazon Prime. I was expecting an item to arrive 2 days later, but instead I get a notification telling me something is wrong with my payment method, but when I go to change it, nothing is wrong with my card information! How are y’all gonna send me an extremely late notification AND be wrong about what you’re trying to tell me? If you noticed something was wrong you should have notified me as soon as the problem arose, not when my items were already scheduled to arrive.
I Possible to browse by department as they burry the link to actually look at the department behind pages of suggested products... this app has frustrated me so much that a lot of times I just give up on the purchase.... 
**Update**  A month later and the Touch ID error isn't fixed. Signing in via Safari makes the entire app completely pointless. Also, don't advertise free one day shipping if you can't do it. Going to family Christmas tomorrow w/o presents for a few people when they should have arrived today.   Original Review 11/18/17:  Used to be a great app and most of the functionality is there, but anything involving Touch ID is a no-go. I can't make a purchase or check order history. Kind of pointless to use the app at all if I have to go to Amazon thru a browser to complete a transaction or check an order. 
Love this app I simply push an icon on my phone And voila it’s there 24/7 do them right they will return the favor! CB 
I love amazon prime but with the latest update, I can’t view or track my orders in the app. I can only view/track when I log in on my laptop.   This has been a horrible experience given that I got all my gifts for the holidays from amazon. 
I’ve looked far and wide in the app for the textbook rentals I have rented so I can manage my rentals, but have yet to find it. I’m currently stuck because my computer and printer won’t communicate and I need to return a book by the 19th. After a few days of trying to sort out the issue, I tried again to find my rentals on the app to no avail. Why can’t we find that in the app!!??
Haven’t been able to use the app in months. Keep getting a “CS1” error. Called amazon and they basically told me there’s nothing they can do. I’ve deleted and reinstalled the app multiple times. I have an iPhone 7, there shouldn’t be any issues.
New update - now every time I try to purchase items the app seems to short circuit, reading out different errors, but always closing the checkout window. Whoops?
The app used to work great, now it won’t let me see the status of my orders without closing the app and reopening, and then I can only look at one item before the issue resurfaces. Fingerprint recognition has turned into a complete fail as well, after working flawlessly early on.   I’m gonna add an additional gripe, since I’m here. I HATE the fact that it isn’t disclosed when a carrier (looking at you FedEx and UPS) is gonna turn a package over to the USPS for delivery. My expected delivery dates are nothing more than a made up number these days. Right now I have multiple packages in limbo because of this. Amazon is really starting to disappoint with delivery times. I’m a long time and FREQUENT Prime member and user, and am becoming fed up. I pay for Prime to avoid delivery issues, and the quality of service is takings nosedive. Step it up, guys. 
This app used function seamlessly. Now my touch ID is gone (even though it is enabled in my settings) and every time I want to look at “my orders” it says I have to sign in and then when I sign in it says “something went wrong try again.“ When I open up the app it says I’m already signed in. Very frustrating.
I use this app daily and for the most part it’s great and easy to use. What I’m not a fan of and gets more annoying everyday is the recommendations of things to buy that over power the items in my cart when I’m scrolling through it. It’s getting as bad as Facebook. I appreciate the recommendations but the manner in which they appear is discouraging and I can’t find an option to disable it!
For some reason the app doesn’t let you see everything arranged by low to high price. It only shows a small amount of the items you searched for when you click the sort button from by relevance to by price low-high the number of options lowers significantly where you might only have a couple choices, even though when it was sorted by relevance there may have been 10,000 items. Kind of ridiculous when you can’t see everything in the order of price.
Rather I’m on WiFi or on my data it ALWAYS says it can’t load 🙄 I have an iPhone 7+ so I know it’s not me 🙄 fix yalls app!!! 🙄
I have been a prime member for years. In the last few months, I updated to a business account as I use this primarily for business. When I make 1 purchase, I now cannot checkout any other orders again until the next day. It’s literally limiting my purchases to once a day as it won’t let me go to the checkout page. When I contacted support via email, they said to delete the app and reinstall. I did that and now have to delete the app every time I make a purchase, if I want to make more than one purchase a day. I use amazon to make my life easier but now that I’m literally deleting and reinstalling this app several times a day, I may need to start looking elsewhere. Super bummer as I was always a huge Amazon advocate until recently.
If you want to buy a product and have no issues the app is great. Trying to find seller info, FAQ for anything other than basics is non existent. Still need to go to computer so app is only half helpful
Why does it constantly say “something went wrong” and not load the order details even when I put in the correct password?
Im In the US. And no matter what i do, the app thinks i wanna buy on international. Please fix.
I want more detail from external apps.  I can’t copy the tracking number at all.  IphoneX
Since the last update, I can browse or search but if I try to check out, review orders, or otherwise need to enter my password it states, “Sorry an error occurred...” or returns to the last screen I was viewing. If I want to do anything but browse or search, I have to close the app and login on with the Chrome app. Please fix this...
This is stupid, I do not see any way to look up the wish lists of other people on Amazon mobile app
I am very disappointed of Amazon right now!! I have ordered something and all of sudden apparently I still owe money for things I ordered. I understand you only charge the card till the items ship but the thing is then why was my card charged the full amount. But couldn’t give me a reason on what all happened and why they didn’t take the full amount out but when really they did because I was charged for it. I called my bank and they told me I was charged with the full amount I paid for and they told me here is some advice wait 24 hours to see if anything changed when I tried to tell them they already charged me for those items and that I don’t want to be charged again for those items when I already paid for them. When I called customer service and I talked to the 2 ladies they were nice and tried to explain but couldn’t explain where my money disappeared too. And when I called again and talked to this guy and told them I talk to the bank they told me you charged me the full amount that I paid for and then saying that apparently owe you guys still $20 when ik I don’t because I paid the full price for the items I bought the guy I talked to was really rude to me. So I’m sorry amazon but you lost your self a customer. I love shopping on here and I never had problems till all of a sudden. I’m sorry amazon you lost a customer.
Constant errors with logging in normally or logging in via TouchID. NEVER DOES CONNECT making the app worthless!!!
Unless I’m missing something, you can’t make Smile purchases through this app. I don’t care if it’s only a few cents...I want Amazon to donate to my favorite non profit organization whenever I make purchases. The only way I can do this on my phone is to pull up safari and go directly to the Smile Amazon website. So what’s the point of having an app if I have to do this?
I can browse kind of easily, not the best, but can only log into my account half the time and haven’t been able to check out in months, always have to go to a web browser :(
A pretty good app, but there are several glitches. It won’t let me change my payment method and it says “error” every time I try to log in. But yet, it logs me in... strange. There’s also a glitch with scrolling between the tabs, as others have stated.
Keeps asking for password every single time I try to checkout. Then it will give me an error. No face recognition either.
I have spent the past hour talking to 5 idiots who could not verify who I was Because I couldn’t remember the exact mailing address where I lived 7 years ago and 5 different states and home ago...I am so mad I cancelled the order and if I could cancel the 12 holiday gifts I just sent I would ... deleting amazon and will scream it to the 400 or so people that I know 
Any time another screen comes over the one you’re on (re-enter password, change shipping address), you can’t move any further in the flow. Once you tap on something on that screen that comes up, it just closes it and brings you back to the previous screen. Basically, you’re just stuck in a loop. Please fix this. I literally can’t buy anything through your app. I’m trying to give you money but you’re not letting me.
Keeps saying there’s an error preventing me from seeing my wish list or even place orders from mobile.
The products I receive from amazon are always in great condition and never have any problems. I am fully comfortable buying something on amazon because I know I will get my money’s worth. The products I purchase are useful and trustworthy. Also, amazon products are great gifts for others and I can always rely on amazon to deliver my packages on the expected due date.
Love Amazon, love Prime, and even generally love the app. But for months now, I haven’t been able to successfully open the “Your Orders” tab. Whenever I click the button, it obviously asks for my thumb-print to log in and verify it’s me, but then it always pops up with a little dialogue box that says, “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.”  I’ve tried again. I’ve quit the app. I’ve made sure my iOS and the app itself are updated to the most recent versions. I’ve restarted my phone. Nothing changes this.  Please fix this feature as it’s a main feature I use the app for! Without being able to check the status of my orders, the app doesn’t even serve half its function, in my opinion. 
Received error cs11 when trying to view details of product in a previous order. There's a product I've previously ordered that I'd like to order again. When I try I get error cs11.   There's no way to report the problem and they don't read these reviews.   ---the problem below still exists--- When trying to select a product type, flavor, style, etc. the pop over that appears won't scroll; the page behind the pop over scrolls instead.   Amazon has no way to report problems with this app. Very annoying considering it's been broken in multiple ways over the past several months.   Amazon needs better customer support. 
Amazon developers, use the iOS app and try to send a package to a new address.  Copy the address from iMessage and go from there.  Count the number of times you have to re-enter the address, number of times the shipping address switches back to yours and not the new address, and other hurdles along the way.  Please get basics right before venturing in to AR and other crazy stuff.
I'm addicted, everything is right here ✅I shop here almost 5 times a month  You can furnish the entire house 🏡  You find clothes 👚👙👖👔👗👙👘👠👟🎩🎒  for any occasion. The only problem with that is I wish there was single categories, ie: petite, tall, plus size and so on. 🎶 music, 🎥 movies, and reading books📚  Tons of food 🥘 School books 📚🎓 Adult entertainment 💋💦🍆🍑(❌❌❌) And the prime membership is awwwwweeeeessssoooooommmmmmeeeeee, you can't go wrong with free 2 day shipping 🔃 I just wish " Prime Now" & “Amazon Restaurants” delivered in my city ☹️ "Prime pantry" should have its own app🙌🏾so we won't have to go through all the other things  A grid layout would be nice👌🏾 UPDATE: If we have Prime Membership, we should not have to pay $5.99 shipping for the Prime Pantry 
It asks for my password- doesn’t recognize it and says something went wrong... I go through the steps and place order and it takes me back to my full cart.   I have to complete my order on my desktop.    I am shopping elsewhere more this holiday season....I’d fix ASAP
This app has some major issues. I can’t look at my past orders - it asks for my password every time and then when I put it in (correctly) it says there was an error. I’m also not able to order anything from the app. As a frequent shopper from the app this is super frustrating and annoying.
Everytime I try to place an order, the app asks me to log in. Then i get a message that says Oops! Something went wrong! And I can’t place the order. This happens on any screen where i need to view my account.  This issue makes the app pretty much useless.
It doesn’t recognize my password on the app so I can’t actually buy anything. I can add to my cart but I have to log in on my computer to actually buy something. Super frustrating. Otherwise I like the app. It shows different search results than the computer though. That’s kind of annoying too. I can’t just search for something on my computer and get the same results to find what I might have seen before.
I have looked and not found any way to report the bugs that render this app unusable.  I can only use the app for browsing, not for ordering.   I have to order through a web browser.  These issues have persisted for weeks/months. If i knew Amazon was aware of the bugs or was working on them, I would not have submitted this negative review.  Hopefully this will get their attention.  I enjoy shopping on Amazon, but cannot do so through this app.  If they would like to know, the main bugs are: - When asked to login to confirm password, it will say "oops something went wrong".  However if i continue doing what I'm trying to do it seems that it still recognized the login. - When checking out and trying to change the payment method or shipping address, whatever starts to happen disappears and nothing changes.  I am unable to continue with the order unless i use the current payment method and shipping. 
-still doesn’t  properly support the screen resolution of the new 10.5" iPad Pro.  Amazon has gathered up the world’s wealth but too lazy to compile their app properly..  -the related products list used to be sponsored on top, but the bottom list was not sponsored.  now it is all sponsored.  this is a dealbreaker and i will try downgrading to last version i can find without this change.  else will stop using.   the sponsored products are not selected with my best interests in mind.  they are expensive products priced so that the customer pays a premium to pay for the advertising costs the seller pays to amazon.  shameful. 
Ever since the new update, I can’t order, login to my account, or check the status of orders that I made on the desktop, through the app. The big need to be addressed.
There is no back button on items with multiple deals/ pricing. If you clicking a deal to save on a brand of products, you end with no way out of the product brand page.
I don’t know why this keeps happening but maybe it has something to do with “Touch ID”? Upon trying to check out amazon ask for me to log-in with the Touch ID that I’ve used before. Then a message pops up saying that something went wrong and to try again later. This seems to happen all the time. Then the page continues to say “still loading” after hitting ok. It’s very frustrating since it happens when I’m trying to check out.
All of you that rated it a one star are just haters Amazon is the greatest shopping place made so stop hating
Currently, if my friends look at my wish list through the app, they see that I do not have one, but my review alias (which they are not familiar with) DOES have one.   Similarly, I have one contact whose wish list now shows as “Amazon Customer.”  I pointed out to a relative that I could see her review alias when I looked at her wish list, and she panicked and deleted her wish list. (Oh great...)  Anyway, please fix this, guys! 
It’s on by default. All the links that LOOK as if they’ll allow me to disable it turn out to be dead ends in some way.
It keeps saying “something went wrong” when I try to view my orders with either touch ID or my password. Fix this please
I can’t even place an order on my iPhone. It keeps saying there was an error but let’s me in to my account. It asks over and over what shipping address to send to. No matter how many times I re-select my address, it flashes back to the question. I even did the latest update and it still does this. Fix please
Latest update not allowing me to order, error with fingerprint login.
Extremely slow, almost unusable when using as a simple grocery list at the store.
Ever since I updated my Amazon app with your most recent update, the app says “something went wrong. Please try again later.”  It doesn’t do this on my iPad or desktop.  Please help!
I love amazon, I have amazon prime and would never give it up! But since they enabled “customers who have bought _____ also bought ____” when I’m scrolling through my cart, is enough to make me delete the app on my phone and stick to shopping on my computer.
Once installed and fingerprint set up you never have to put in a password again. That may seem great, but I mean never even if you change the password or even the login email. You can still get in with a fingerprint. Even if someone gets a hold of your phone they can add a fingerprint and access all your orders and account info.
Checking out is a nightmare. Like going to the DMV   Requests that I re-enter my credit card every time I want to check out. Defeats the purpose of having the credit card on there. Half the addresses don’t work, and it doesn’t give you a suggested address that they deem is valid that is close to what you entered, like with other websites. On any of these two instances if you hit back... it’ll take you to the checkout page which if you don’t watch carefully, it has your last ship to address selected instead of the new one you’re trying to enter.   Searching for shoes is a nightmare here too. Price advertised is never the true cost, so if you want to pick a range (for obvious budget purposes), you get a shoe that starts at that price, but never is actually that price, and then sizes are rarely available without completely changing the shoe. Doesn’t let you select a size and then a price, which would then narrow your search.   All in all, I might cancel my Prime if I keep having these basic problems when trying to shop here. 
On iphone x when you try to contact support thru chat the bottom doesn't show up promptly the keyboard so you cant type in. Sometimes after you type and send your question the bar stays frozen when the representative responds to you so in order to reply back you have to exit chat and enter again. Please fix
App is slow. Need to have more control of settings/ preferences within the app. I can't archive my orders in the app because it looks the same as the mobile website. So this means I have to go on desktop version in order to do all of this! What's the purpose of the app.
I’ve been a prime member for a very long time. During that time I have used my amazon visa and this app. Now it seems I must re enter my credit card number for everything.  The point of this app is to allow me to shop, which is impossible when I must have my credit card with me 100% of the time. Add that to the fact that amazon does not honor prime shipping anymore and the usps lies about delivery and amazon is fast becoming a joke. Today I was told my package couldn’t be delivered because they couldn’t access my house due to a gate. Bold face lie as the same postal employee delivered my mail along with another amazon package.
Tried 5 times in a row. 3 times the "ship to this address" button took me back to the very first screen I get to when I tap on my cart without having saved the address that I just typed in. The other 2 times the button didn't do anything and I had to go back and start over. Going to have to dig up my laptop to make this order. Which year is this? :(
The app is very easy to use..but some sellers are very unprofessional when is comes to your items and extremely fraudulent and amazon seems to back their sellers 100% when it comes down to leaving a negative review due to unacceptable circumstances from their sellers..BE VERY AWARE OF WHO YOU ORDER FROM, AMAZON CANT BE TRUSTED AT ALL...
The app works well, but I don’t use it much because it doesn’t work with smile.amazon. This is a huge disappointment that prevents me from making the app my preferred way to use Amazon. Also, for security reasons, I would prefer to keep my credit card outside of Amazon and use Apple Pay. This would be a smart implementation.
Amazon is doing a great thing by offering the Amazon Smile program. But the whole thing feels half-baked if they aren’t going to extend this functionality into the app. They’ve had plenty of time to address this. Looking forward to future updates.
This version of the app breaks the login functionality! Amazon- get it together! It's the holidays!
Each version on different devices different format. Works fine on iPhone, half-assed on iPad. Keypad keys won’t react in search box more than once. Reset, quit, delete, reinstall-same. For such a necessary app, there should be NO bugs.
My wife and I both have experienced Amazon marketing offers that did not pan out. I was offered a $5 credit for choosing a slower delivery method. My wife was offered $20 for downloading the app and placing her next order. Five plus calls later and an equal amount of guarantees that are credit would show up on our next order, we are still trying to hold Amazon accountable for their marketing promotions. The app is convenient and offers a ton of options, but the principle of being lied to just irritates me to no end!!!
You literally are not allowed to sign out. Want to use a separate account from your girlfriend so you can buy her a gift without her seeing it on your orders? Good luck.
I'm having trouble understanding why you can't view orders made on your phone on your PC and Vice-Versa,   You can't even create a cart on your phone and it be available on the same account on PC for payment (even saved payment options or items aren't saved.)   I'm not sure how or why Amazon is the next big Monopoly when they can't even build a solid app that doesn't make you think your account on your phone is different than the same account on your PC making you fear it's been compromised. 
App will not let me update quantities or place order.  Terrible.
Can you hurry up and put Walmart out of business please?
I have a notification and it won’t go away no matter what I do. I have checked everything and the only way to do it is to turn off notifications on my phone or delete the app. So I guess I will delete the app.
Very sad when you get a pop up from Amazon's website to download this app and receive $20 on your first order from the app and then they don't give you the money and have no record of this offer. Thanks for nothing Amazon. App has been deleted.
What the heck?  Every time I use the app now, I’m prompted to sign in.  Who gives a crap about 1-click buy settings if you’re constantly bombarded with a prompt to re-enter your password at every turn.  It’s frustrating — what used to be a great app has been seemingly ruined by useless added “features” and updates.
I can’t add anything to my wish list I can view my wish list. I honestly cannot view any other options on Amazon unless I’m buying something which is pointless in having the app if I still have to go online.  It’s always saying something went wrong Haven’t been able to use amazon in two months 
App makes you enter password too many often. My high security password is too long to enter as frequently as the app wants. Add Touch ID and join the rest of the world.
I don’t know what has changed on the iPhone version, but the app is always asking me to reenter my password, especially when I want to look at orders. Today, I couldn’t get it to show me all my order details. I would enter my password and it would tell me there was a problem, would show me nothing. This problem doesn’t occur on the iPad.  Please fix this…  STILL BROKEN!!!! 
Every time I attempt to log into my account I get a notification that says, “Sorry an error has occurred. Please try again later.” Yet it still logs me in. Which would be fine, but then when I try to make a purchase it gives me the same message. I’m able to make purchases on a desktop, but I prefer mobile... fix this asap!!
Every time I click on “done” after I’ve changed the size and/or color it never goes back to the screen to review the item. It is as if it freezes on that screen. It is so frustrating.
Download this app and did not receive an email as stated with coupon.  Please explain?? 
Whatever it is, the app keeps asking me for the password and keeps shutting down. Constant error messages. The issue appeared after iOS 11 came out (I have the latest version installed). Idk it that’s the way amazon wants everyone to upgrade to the latest Apple phones, I have a 7 and I’m not trying to switch it in the next 2 years.
I love the amazon app. It’s makes things so much easier. I’m always on the go so if I need something quickly I can just pull up Amazon on my phone, find the item, order it and then get notified when it ships and when it arrives.
Never had an issue with the app in the past. Now, with the new iPhone 10 the experience is really bad. Super annoying and disappointing.
In the reviews you can’t see the pictures they attach. I look at the pictures to see the quality of the product. Please fix this.
Trying to select different delivery address and app crashes or takes me back to login. Please fix.
Lately this app has been annoyingly glitchy. When trying to order a product and change the shipping address, it doesn’t let you and glitches back to the order screen. Also, when trying to view your orders it consistently asks me for the password and a pop up notification appears saying it is unavailable right now?   This app has worked great before. Please fix these issues. 
There are little problems on the iPad app that are frustrating. Elements of Wish Lists that only show up properly in browsers on on the iPhone app. Product reviews with pictures do not show the pictures but do in the iPhone app, etc.
It’s been almost half an hour, and I still have been unable to sign out of the application.  This is a reprehensible design error; a total disregard of the customers ease-of-use.  R O-M, NJ. 
When accessing order history, continuously asks for password.  Can’t scroll through orders with password screen popping up, even after entering password
This app was working great until the latest update, now it keeps freezing up and I keep getting we are having difficulties. PLEASE FIX!!!
Worthless app since hitting the checkout button does nothing.
States no internet connection so I made sure it can connect to cellular data, but it still isn’t working. I’ve deleted and reinstalled app. All other apps and internet work
App needs controls where you can return to previous pages without starting from the home page everytime
When I try to view orders, go to customer service, or do anything involving my own account on the app, I get the error box “Something went wrong”. What is happening?
I used to love this app, now every time I try to shop from my phone or even look at old orders, it just asks me to enter my password (even tho I’m already logged in) and when I do, it says something went wrong. It’s literally only good for browsing and adding to my cart for later. Worthless.
Recent app updates have caused an endless cycle of forcing me to log in all the time, then giving me an error whenever I try to check out. App is rendered totally useless and has been for weeks.
It’s super fun trying to click on recommendations when your saved list keeps refreshing.  And I gave up on “new and interesting finds” bc every time I see one I like, I click on it and the item I was interested in is nowhere to be found.  So basically clickbait. No thx. 
Will it was my first time shopping on amazon I was trying to buy markers and I did skin tone markers when the package got to my home I was so excited, I open the package and I got a rainbow set of markers??.. Not what I ordered. I thought maybe they ran out? So I decided to buy these crown pencils. I checked it said it was delivered yesterday to my house; by the way I was at my grandpas house spending the night. I come home and the pencils are not at my house?? What’s going on amazon get your stuff together.
Friendly suggestions: ability to use AmazonSmile with the Amazon app and ability to rate customer service after chat (I noticed some agents won’t end the chat so you can’t rate them, so there’s a loophole there)
Every time I try to do something on the app, it asks for my password.  Upon entering, it always says "Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again."  I can use the desktop site with no issues, but the app is not working right. This app used to work flawlessly.  Please fix
I have to sign in anytime I hit checkout and after I enter my password I get a pop-up that says "something went wrong."  It's been happening for weeks and so I keep heading to my desktop to purchase! Please fix!!
Love this app! Just wanted to submit some feedback- the “Add to List” function seems to have stopped working. Whenever I try to use it, it looks like the page just refreshes, and it takes me back to the top. 
Charged me for amazon prime after my one month free trial, after I canceled it and called to ensure it was canceled. Terrible app and terrible customer service.
Very buggy app. I realized I ordered two of the same shirts immediately, and tried to cancel one of the shirts days before it even shipped. And the order still wasn’t cancelled. Now it’s shipping and I don’t even have the option to cancel it. I tried going to customer service to cancel it through there and it lets me click on the product but doesn’t show the option to cancel. Just another way Amazon is crooning me out of my hard earned money! I will not continue to be a customer if this isn’t resolved!!
This shows up everytime I am prompted to log in and can’t seem to use the app to notify me or even buy using it. Horrible!
ANSWER TO articulately caring but HEATED ‘wish tray ‘ COMPLAINER : PLS., my friend, DONT expect the company to ‘COUNT on’ my digital  Online ‘order’ savvy ..!! WE NEED HELP !!  We are two SR. ‘Docs’& only now are learning to shop online!  So thx for your important objections & tips— but some of us prefer or NEED lots of extra help!  Including about a (?) ‘ WISH TRAY (??) TX!  Drs. H. & D SPELLMAN , IN N. MAINE 
Glitchy, kicks me out every time I try to change shipping address and everytime it asks for my password it glitches out as well. Piss poor app. Not what it used to be. Deleting and using the website instead
Why in the world is it so hard to copy the tracking number from this app?  When viewing the tracking info pop-up, that little "x" on the top right doesn't work. You have to press outside the window, anywhere but the x, and the tracking pop-up window closes.  Please allow us to copy the tracking number from the app. Allow it to be selectable, can't even highlight the tracking number.. 
I love this app and use it frequently, but for the past 2 months or so, every time I try to sign in with the app, I get a pop up that says “Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again.” and then I get a white screen. It’s incredibly frustrating, please fix this!
Amazon is the worst company I’ve ever dealt with for anything in my life. At this point I’m pursuing litigation instead of a BBB complaint. Considering it’s such a massive company, their sheer lack of customer service and the way they deal with orders, customer accounts, and customers themselves is outright shocking. I’m over it, I’m going a step further beyond a better business bureau complaint after this week.
The current version is useless as I can’t log in at all—not manually nor with Touch ID. Every time I try I get the message “sorry, something went wrong.”
Haven’t been able to look at my orders on this app in over a year and I can’t look at anything in my account other than my default wishlist. I have to use my mobile browser to Amazon which makes this app useless.
Clicking on “Place Your Order” button just takes me back to my cart. Very frustrating! Must wait to get to a computer to complete my purchase.
Everyone is giving this app bad reviews, I don’t know why. This app is amazing. Love shopping from it.
I don’t understand what is going on, but when using the amazon app on my iPad and I tried it on my aunts as well...you are not able to get your account information and access many important features that you can through the app on your phone (mine is an iPhone 6 Plus) or through the internet. So, something is not working properly with the iPad app version and needs to be looked into.
When it prompts for password for any changes in address etc it then reverts back to previous address etc. and loops over and over never making change. Now I log on and it won’t open “orders” -just stays blank. Very obvious this app is overdue for an update on iOS.
I buy A LOT thru Amazon but hesitant to at Christma. If it's not Prime, it's difficult to see where an item is actually coming from prior to ordering it. I have yet to find a place where it notes if it's coming from across seas or not. VERY unhappy as two things I ordered told me After I ordered them that they won't be here for 6 weeks. I tried cancelling one for 2 days and the site kept freezing. I contacted the seller (Amazon still showed item as processing and NOT shipped) and was told it had already shipped and they couldn't cancel it. It didn't show shipped for another day. I messaged them back to ask what the return address will be so I can refuse the package and they didn't even understand what I was asking and responded with instructions just to refuse the package. ANNOYED😠😠😒😒😒
After the last ‘upgrade’ I proceed to my basket I get the eternal log in demand - enter password, ‘something went wrong’ - back to basket - enter password, wash, rinse repeat!  Enough already!!!
I love this app. But here’s the thing. I can’t sign in with my thumb print or password when I’m trying to view my orders or proceed to checkout. Please fix this because I hate going from my phone to computer just to click a button, when I should be able to do everything from my phone.
Super easy to use! Super convenient! And omg the shipping and ordering services are so fast, ordered less than an hour ago and my items have already shipped. Love ❤️
I love Amazon caz you can get lots of interesting things up to Alaska, I build motorbikes and motorcycles and Amazon has almost everything I would need to make it nice :)
I used this app religiously and now it wont even sign me into my account without and error message! I can’t buy anything because the checkout doesn’t work, I can’t check orders because it constantly asks for my password. From other reviews I see I’m not the only one having these issues! I don’t have these problems on my laptop!
The last update introduced a bug that asks users to log in when they ARE ALREADY LOGGED IN. This happens most often when trying to look at my orders, and is SUPER ANNOYING. It is also super annoying that the default is to "show password".  Should be the opposite, for security reasons.  PLEASE FIX.  This app is essential for shoppers, so I am not sure why the back button disappeared several updates ago in orders and has been MIA ever since.  Now, when you go to page 2 or 3 (or 14!) you have to go all the way to bottom to select prev page, etc.  Ideally, page selection would be BOTH at top and bottom, but minimally there should be a back button at the top the way it used to be.  Very clunky to have to go to bottom every time. 
I hate the new track shipping screen. On the iPhone X you can’t copy the tracking numbers or use the share sheets for my Deliveries App. Please go back to the old way!!
I love shopping through Amazon, but the App won’t accept my password without a message “sorry, something went wrong.” Won’t allow me to enter a new shipping address through the app. Won’t delete addresses from my address book either. Not helpful when traveling and I need things delivered to my hotel!
Enough is enough! How many times I have to rescan my card or entered my card number manually in this app? Need Apple Pay immediately.
It’s been like this for about two weeks now every time I log in to see my past orders it says ‘something went wrong, please try again’ and now it won’t let me buy anything. When I go to proceed with purchase it takes me to the shopping details( which is already saved) and when I click it, it takes me back to the proceed with check out over and over again.
Used to be fast, now it’s so slow with VPN, I’ve stopped using the app. Definitely affected my purchase frequency.
Can’t easily press back button in on the iPhone X. Very frustrating.
It said order Saturday but then it said arriving Sunday!
I’m ios11.2, when I use the search feature, the iPhone X fails to pull up your app when I type in “Amazon.” This is happening with other apps, too. Problem is, if people have tons of apps like me, I rely on the search feature to open your app, otherwise I can’t find it. Please let Apple know.
I have been having load issues the past week and error messages today. Plz fix this issue.
Get the message “please check your internet connection and try again (CS1)” when attempting to use over cellular data. I am on Xfinity Mobile and they say it isn’t them. Works fine on WiFi
Developers, using the app to purchase or rent ebooks through the app doesn’t work. When you click the buy option I can select paperback and checkout but I can’t do so using ebooks.
Amazon windowshop app. Is by far the best  They made.  It's a shame that by moving Forward, you took two steps backwards. I have not like this app. For two reasons. 1. It doesn't have enough variety. 2. It doesn't have enough items. 
When I search for something, say searching my orders list, and I go back to use the search again, the input field is highlighted but nothing I enter shows up in that field.
Customer service chat feature doesn’t work. App freezes & doesn’t allow you to type
This app works perfectly, I can shop and buy what I need just fine.  However, there is one HUGE but, and the reason I knocked the app back to 3 stars. Why is the Amazon smile program not implemented in this app, or have its own app? Yes I can add to my cart and switch to the website, but that is easy to forget. As a volunteer with a non profit, it is sad to think how much we have lost because Amazon won’t make the process easy by just adding this feature to your account. 
There’s an error on the app that makes it impossible to use. ‘Please check your internet connection and try again(CS1).’ Most if not all other apps work, why not this one even after being updated to the most current firmware and re-downloading the app numerous times. I am forced to use the browser on my phone instead to log into my account.
This is a recent issue, but for the last 3 weeks when I’m using the app, it keeps asking me to sign in. Most of the time it’s serval times in a row. I mean seconds from one another. Please fix this glitch.  Also, can you please integrate the AmazonSmile feature on the app? We didn’t realize thousands of dollars that we spent on the app did not go towards our organization of choice - Make A Wish. 
This last update totally broke my app - I cannot place an order nor view past orders. Right in time for me to go shopping elsewhere for the holidays.
Every time I go to check out it asks me for my password to continue like always but once I input my password it gives me a error message of “something went wrong” and I’ll have to put my password again then it does the same thing all over again. I love the app but I have been having to checkout from the browser. Please fix the issue
I try tapping the “create list” button and it does nothing
As others have shared, the GIANT of companies can’t well make SMALL applications.  I’ll want to change the shipping address, but it just runs a complete circle and gets me back to ‘proceed to checkout’.  This also goes for any other option I choose on the ‘proceed to checkout’ page.
App won't stop glitching. Won't let me put in my password, and keeps saying there was an error. If I do it on the actual website, my password works with no errors.
I LOVE Amazon & always shop online with them. I’ve had great customer service & found great products & deals. I’m an Amazon Prime member.  BUT, the app is basically useless right now. It used to be very convenient, but I’m getting the same prompt to re-enter my password followed by the “something went wrong” message. As soon as that is fixed, I will gladly change my rating to a 5 star to reflect the improvements.  Amazon, please help get this fixed! We need it for the holidays! 
The color scheme teal is hideous. And also the wish list tray is annoying.
About 3-4 weeks ago, Amazon decided to start using the app’s push notifications to try to sell you more stuff. Once per day you’ll get some stupid notification that has nothing to do with your order(s), account, etc. You can turn it off in your phone’s settings, but that means all notifications are turned off for the app so you won’t get any push notifications about your orders... the info you actually you want! They’re basically forcing you to read their sales notification nonsense if you want useful order update notifications. AMAZON - This completely betrays your consumers’ trust and you might want to question the short term gains compared to the long term UX/brand degradation.
This app keeps resetting the language setting I configure. It's so annoying. Additionally, the app thinks it needs to translate what I searched for into the exact same thing. When will this be fixed?! 
So I’m listening to music and shopping on Amazon’s app and then my music is interrupted by a Video add for Amazon’s Echo.  Get rid of the f@&$ing adds in your app Amazon.  They are very intrusive. 
I like the app for the most part but the number of errors, and times it asks for Touch ID make it easier to just use the website.
The app won’t let me change my password and someone is hacking my account adding things to my cart. I called multiple times and had to recover my account. I’m tired of doing it, it’s annoying
Amazon app is not working for a few days, and also in browser its not working in my mobile phone. And it worked ok! On my laptop is ok, but on the iphone, no amazon!!! Fixx?!? 
The app constantly doubles the items I have in my “saved for later” every time the app loads older items in said list.
I really don’t know why I have Amazon on my phone since this app Is bugging so much. I just switch from Android to iOS and this app works way better on android. Every time when I try to search or open the app it takes good amount of time to find desired item. I can not even see my past and current purchases either. Very frustrating ....So why bother to use it on iPhone when it doesn’t work.
You can only swap from left to right to go back on certain instances. It should be the default through the entire app and not that back arrow in the upper left side
For some reason this app freezes on my new phone
Won’t allow me to view my account details or track orders. The app always defaults to the log in page when I’m already logged in. It will let me shop, but not view my account info or my orders.  It’s annoying to have to use Amazon in my browser now when I have the app but that’s what I do now. Deleting until fixed. 
Every time I try to sign in to view my orders I get an oops something went wrong error. So frustrating!!!!!
App keeps freezing and crashing on iPhone 8 and repeatedly asking for password then freezing! What’s the problem Amazon?!
I love my Amazon app but I cannot read reviews by choosing Most Recent. I can if I am online but NOT through the app. Please fix so I can change my review to 5 stars!
I can’t see the application on my home screen and I would love if you could fix this ‘glitch’ but besides that I love it. Oh and by the way it might be with my phone.
Charged for my “free trial” of Prime moments after I selected free trial. Another reason I can’t stand this company.
Ok I’ve used amazon for years and I like it I really do but now we have to HAVE A SUBSCRIPTION in order to post reviews on products now? I’m only 17 and working a minimum paying job. I can’t afford amazon prime and the one time I want to write a review on something, I can’t because apparently that’s just a luxury only certain people can have???!?!? What the actual heck
There is a number 1 showing up like I have a notification and for three hours I’ve been trying to get this 1 to go away.  It won’t no matter what I do.  Very annoying
I am frustrated that there’s not a forward button that I can use if I happen to hit the back button on an accident. It causes me to have to start a search over completely. I’m on the verge of deleting the app all together. I hate it!
Love this app/store tons of gifts and love the prime feature..... sometimes u just need ur stuff soon!
I have used this app for a long time and its been great until now all the sudden, whenever i put items in my cart and go to checkout whenever im selecting shipping options for the last item in my cart say i have 10 items in the cart and it will stop on the 10th one and keep showing the same 10th item everytime i click proceed forward so I cant purchase any items in my cart and this mobile app is messed up now. Perfect timing with the holidays coming up for Amazon app not to work...
I love Amazon but for a billion dollar company this app is not even close to perfect. Too SLOW to remove or add to cart. Another annoying issue is that items start to duplicate while scrolling through your list! I don’t get how time consuming it is to delete items. So frustrating!!!
Great customer service and great help
What is the point of this app if you cannot sign in to your account? Always getting error or “still loading”.. So utterly useless... 
This app has become and unmanageable abomination. I can’t login using Touch ID, and when I go to the menu it says “oops, something went wrong.” Every. Single. Time. Fix it please.
it’s been month and this app just doesn’t work well. amazon fresh is a complete disaster, making adjustments on my account is impossible from my phone, family sharing is another story...i can keep going🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️overall it’s just getting old..
Can’t enter my password or change it however I can make purchases without needing this information?!?!?!? Can’t even access customer support or track my packages cause all that needs a password but purchasing doesn’t...
Constantly have to sign in only to get the error message “sorry, something went wrong”. Can’t make purchases through the app now.  Website is still going strong, app needs a ton of work.
I have no problems with the app other than you cannot place an order from it! It also errors out and says I’m not signed in when I am. Please fix this so I don’t need to use a computer to place an order each time!
Helpful for price checking on the go
This app crashes all the time with my iphone 8. I cannot buy anything at all. Better to use website than this app. Not good amazon not good.
I love the app, works great. The update for the iPhone X however has some design flaws. Most of the time it has to do with the Amazon logo and the menu icon overlapping with the phone time and signal Icons
One really annoying thing about this app is that to date I can not copy text. I often like to copy a product name and paste in a browser or ebay to research. I hate when developers dictate and control this kind of stuff!!! It’s like DVD players that don’t allow you to navigate when and how you want to! I usually just go to amazon in a browser instead of using this app. I also like to copy a product URL and paste it in fakespot to see if the reviews are real, something I can’t do using the amazon app.
Haven’t been able to place an order on the app since then... get it together please.
Why can’t I scan a barcode from the iPad version of the app? That’s just stupid. I’m trying to buy something and you’re making extra work for me.
I tried shopping on amazon for a change bought something and still a month later it never came worst website out there
I can no longer complete a transaction through the app.
My app is up to date but every time I try to checkout I am prompted to log in. So I sign in, go to checkout, and have to log in again. So annoying! It’s been over a month and counting. Have to make purchases from my internet browser for the foreseeable future.
This is the message I get every time I try to look at ‘ your orders ‘.  Using the fingerprint verification doesn’t work. I have to enter my password using the keyboard each time. Please fix the app so it is useful in reviewing past orders.
Have ordered several things over the years from them, and have had orders cancelled from time to time with no email or notification. Still got billed for said product and had to dispute. Last purchase was supposed to be post Black Friday sale products from a company on amazon. Purchased, paid and order has been cancelled, spoke with customer service and said there is nothing they can do. And product is not available when they look it up, well maybe not now. I ordered it 16 hrs ago. I will be going sticking with eBay and Jet. They honor there little messups, or at least try to fix it
This app can’t get any better! I absolutely love everything you can but on here and I mean anything. It’s such a simple app to use and it can save you more money than actually going to the store.
After the latest series of iOS updates, this app doesn't load, won't let you sign in. I tried deleting the app and downloading again, it did not solve any problems. There are major problems with iOS and the Amazon App.
Literally cannot use this app on my phone, no matter how many times I re-download it eventually gets a “cs1 error” and becomes bricked.
I'm an Amazon addict so his app is everything I need and some, I can shop, manage all my prime subscriptions and send orders wherever and whenever I need
Somehow, someway, you guys charged me for prime. I have bills to pay and I can barely make those payments without you people taking money from my account without my consent. Now I am overdrawn and charged $25 for being overdrawn. I am deleting the app and NEVER will I ever shop from you guys again. So thanks for completely screwing me over.
Amazon can you please fix this?!?  I keep getting a “sorry something went wrong” message when trying to complete my purchase.  Wish I could buy things.
Amazon stuffs packages into mailboxes damaging them instead of delivering to the door and fails delivery on every other order I place. If you can’t deliver on-time, don’t promise it. Simply refunding the amount paid does not solve the problem. Disappointed.
I love Amazon. I obsessively check the deals of the day on my app, check my wish lists for price drops, and do a lot of browsing regularly. But there are two issues I have with this app.   First, anyone with access to my phone can open the app at any time and see my purchase history. I do most of my gift shopping on this app and I’d like to keep the element of surprise. Requiring a password to view purchase history would easily solve this issue.   Second, I don’t have control over what appears on the home screen. So any item I’ve looked at recently or added to a wish list could be on the home screen. Which brings me back to the first issue. Adding an option to dismiss items on the home screen would solve this problem.   I’d much rather have the app be fined tuned than get the needless addition of social features (Spark! Because you need strangers asking you which camera or scarf they should buy).   I do like the new addition of notifications though. That’s a step in the right direction. 
Normally a great app, but it keeps crashing sometimes when I log in, try to check out, or change an address. Impossible for me to buy anything at the moment
Normally I love this app but since the last update it constantly asks for my password and tells me something went wrong! It won’t let me finish reviewing what I am trying to review because it kicks me out of that screw repeatedly. Please fix it!
One star. I am deleting the app as soon as this review is complete. Way inferior to the browser view for purchasing & research, but what has sent me over the edge is the vibration whenever an item is added to the cart. According to Amazon support this cannot be disabled in the app. Just use a browser.
Glitches when I try to view my orders, glitches when I try to change my shipping address, glitches when I try to change my payment method, glitches when I try to add a new payment method. If I log out and try to log back in it just keeps saying "something went wrong."
I don’t know who’s genius idea it was to clutter up your saved items with other items to look at but this is beyond annoying when trying to scroll .Makes me want to delete the app!!!
Amazon is an amazing app for shopping. I get things from Christmas gifts to everyday items. Everything is cheap, but still good quality. If you really want a good experience, get Amazon Prime. You get free shipping (wonderful right?), music, tv, books, and more. Sometimes I will shop on other sites and forget about shipping because I’m used to Amazon 😂. Thank you so much Amazon you do a great job with everything, best shopping app ever! I totally recommend to anyone.
Best app ever!!  I'm SO glad they made this app! Everyone is complaining About "glitches" but I have absolutely NONE. GREAT APP!! 
Amazon is great, the app is really useful too, but you get a one star until you make sure no advertisements take over REAL media playback via airplay. There’s not a single person in the world that wants to have their big screen spammed with ads while doing shopping on their phone as they watch or listen to other media. Fix it.
I’m still unable to purchase anything from this app. Who knew that Amazon could be this stupid. DELETED (after I post this).
Ever since the new iOS I can “sign in”. What I mean by that is it shows my photo at the top when I’m browsing but if I was to go purchase something is makes me put my password or fingerprint, then gives me “oops something went wrong”. So annoying. Let me know when it’s fixed, until then I’ll be using the website on safari I suppose.
It is getting really annoying to see countless pop ups of today's deals! Also, I never get notifications of when my item(s) are shipped and/or delivered anymo