This app used to be great at one time I cannot give it 5 stars you look up  an artist and it does not give you the artist anymore if I could write this  with no stars I would have wish FrostWire would go back to its original  version it was a lot better than what it's been doing these days
HELP! HELP! HELP! HELP! HELP Im confused!! Every time I download a song I  can't find it, so I have no idea where they are downloading too!
Unable to find torrents after the recent update. Facing the same problem  since 1 week.
Keep up the good work. Thank you for the fixes. 10/10
One of the best app to download hi res music file..
FROST WIRE CAN SUCK A BIG DICK!
Some of the downloads have viruses it needs to have some time of virus  cleaner or something to protect are computers, phones what have you
App can erase music whenever it wants.
This app is great it allows me to download music to google play music for  Android with a great quality
This is the best app to download ur music on
Best music downloader out , period....
Love the FROSTWIRE P L U S . . .What the heck?!?
I love this app get it I have over athousand  albums
Its the best mp3, music downloader out there.
Easy toto use. It has every song i was looking for.
It's all right could expand on collection a bit
This app is completely useless. Doesn't even download anything at all  anymore. Not music, movies, or even TV shows. Not to mention it doesn't  even download stuff in the background. I literally need to have my phone  screen time on the whole entire time while I download something, especially  when it comes to something that's a big size. It's quite annoying and a  complete waste of my time
This app us amazing. Still the only working offline music player i have.  Yet to find another that actually works. Everyone saying its a problem ,  its most likely your device, not the app.
Frostwire blows mega ass chunks in reverse flow and recycles them to give  to you later in broken music files that don't work . 1 star is 1 too many.  Tried to download 25 songs only got 3 . I don't know a word for describing  the music selection because awful is a huge understatment!
I don't know why people are giving this 5 stars. Half the stuff is cover  songs. Which makes this not a good music downloader app
Once you go through downloading a dozen versions of whatever movie you're  looking, and you find one that's in the right language and will actually  play then it's pretty cool, a lot of hassle to get to that point though
Ok, that's it, I have had it! People have been leaving you review after  review telling you that your app isn't working properly and you just  totally ignore them! Oh, I did see one reply from you and you berated the  user. Well I've had enough. You obviously don't care about your users to  even leave a small reply telling them how they should go about rectifying  the situation. I am deleting this app which at one time a very good and  useful app. Goodbye FrostWire. Poseted 5/15: I see there is yet another  update. It. doesn't say anything about fixing the running in the background  problem that I have reported. Will this issue be addressed or should I just  go ahead and uninstall your app? A short reply to let me know if you'll be  addressing my issue would be appreciated. Thank you. Posted 5/5: I used to  really like this app but now not so much (and that's being generous). I  used to be able to find most of what I was looking for but now I either get  a limited amount of results or none at all. And if I do find what I'm  looking for, it doesn't download. Another issue I have which started a few  updates ago is that the app is running in the background. This is a big  issue for me (and others I'm sure). It would be greatly appreciated if you  could look into these issues and fix them. I would hate to have to  uninstall after using this app for the last few years. Thank you in advance  for your attention in these matters. Thank you.
Crappy I had to delete every song sead it had an area playing
This app sux! The first song I downloaded wouldn't play and there is no way  to delete it without deletinf the whole app. May as well, its junk anyway.
I love frostwire and the selection that it had mp4 for the best part and  sometime mp3 and as long as you don't get the home made movies.
I love this app I just downloaded a song I wanted and it downloaded to my  phone I mean hate the ads but other than that I love this app this app is  better than the apps I tried downloading the songs on!!!
I've been looking for an app like this for a long time. Really happy with  the song selections and ease of use.
Super easy to use. I love how it works. You can play the songs you have  downloaded even offline.
I love it I can do multiple thing and still listen to my music
Too many covers and there's a lot of music I can't find.
The Best Music App on the Market hands Down 100% The Best Love It.
Great way to download movies easy to use and many options and choices to  make
Great for music. Keeps it simple. Has what I need 90% of time!
This app is nothing but a waste of time
Cant preview a song before downloading so it's a guessing game
A good app to get free songs on your phone.
Its amazing you can listen to music with no WIFI
Amazing, this app is the best for downloading such a mp3 music
First music downloader on any new device.. I love it...
Good for downloading music for my Samsung fon
Great for music on my phone for work!!
Very quick to search and download music.
It's a great way to listen to music
Good apps to look for favorite songs with the real singer... easily to  download but to be careful for the unknown artist coz it might not be the  original singer... that's the pros but cons is choose the right one coz  there a lot of unknown artist who is doing copycat...
Not doing any of its primary functions. Songs you've downloaded disappear  from your music player, search results are usually low and limited. you'll  find more flac and mp4 files (which won't play on my phone) then mp3 files.  I'm pretty sure this will slow down your phone. Also , most irritatingly,  THINGS JUST AREN'T DOWNLOADING! This app is pointless now
Would of been a higher rating, but i recently ran into a problem where it  doesnt download anything. It pulls the name of what i wanted in the  downloads section, but it's just not downloading at all.
Easy to download,. Kudos to this app:')
Recently the app has been randomly opening on it's own and I don't know how  to stop it. It's doing it all the time now. Wish someone would fix this  issue. It even does it when I'm on data and not wifi.
To me, it does everything it says it does and then some it looks beyond  allows you to look Beyond just the song it does other suggestion for you to  be able to Surf thru or other songs you didn't know that artist had. watch  out how much data is being downloaded overall. Far OUT Man!
Love it! A surprisingly thorough music app, & I am a music snob of sorts.  Minimal ads, & extensive knowledge of the obscure music unavailable  elsewhere. Worth the download.
Everytime I try to download anything it either will not download or when  it's almost finished says error moving incomplete have plenty of space on  my phone and strong internet tried many different sources to download but  most of the time it will not start this app sucks sucks sucks
The only thing I would want added is an advanced search so you can look up  by genre. Other than that great app.
Ok, so multiply the five stars by ten, you get 50 stars! I Have this app on  all three of my phones! Its so great to use when editing YouTube videos,  for example; Speedpaints(which i do alot of) it's so easy! And you can  listen offline, as long as you have a song downloaded online
This is the best music app ever! I have been looking everywhere to find an  app where I can download and play music offline! Definently recommend!  Edit: I recently got a new phone and had to download some songs again but  the songs I was looking for were gone! Please add Sabrina Carpenters album  EVOLution and I will rate 5 stars.
The best music app I've ever used. Every song I looked up was there
This is the best music app it allows you to play the soundtrack to your  life even without WiFi. That's why I try to donate money whenever I can  thank you FrostWire you rock!
After I leave the app when I'm downloading something it'll delete what I'm  downloading. Also after the download is finished and I disconnect from wifi  it will delete the videos. When the download is at 100 percent and I turn  off wifi the video says it's incomplete but it's not.
It is nice for the fact that it will give you a virus and make your whole  phone go slow but if you want to download it then it's not my phone that is  going to get hacked
Finally an app were I can listen to music while in on the train. Some songs  might be hard to find but it has a lot of songs that I would listen to like  xxxtentacion or j. Cole
All the app does is open up then kicks me right back to my home page
Easy to use and best music downloader
Welp the app alright but it sometimes trip .. u need to tie the app strings  and it doesnt really search my songs..
Been usin this application for years on my computer, and on my mobile  devices. Best music, video, image downloader there is right now.
Over all pretty good if you can't find the song you're looking for at first  just keep swipping down and hopefully you'll find it
If it wasnt for this app I would be paying 25 dollars a month for music
Ease of use and large search scope
I love FrostWire. I can't find everything I'm looking for, but I can find  the majority of. I love music and this app has given me great pleasure.
You should really fix the issue with the opening on its own It's using the  battery and data. Please fix!
Best free music app left. There are a few adds, but the music is free and  downloads quality. Can't really ask for more.
This app deletes and rearranges my music! I like my playlist in a certain  order.
It's super cool and awsome although you can't get new songs it's fine
I love it I can use my phone and still listen to music unlike Google play  and you tube
I would wish it would update so I can find all my songs
When I say any song it let you download any song and movie
Wow wow wow wow wow you will not be disappointed. Every song I searched is  up here. Love it 😍
Love this app. So much that l couldn't help my self cry without it
kkk sss www
It amazing music app is mind blowing awesome and you can download 100 song
It's the Best may you add the rate of speed when downloading thanks remove  an virus
Love fristwire so far best music download app I have used
good app to get music from!!
Thank you guys for letting me get this music app.
Can't find alot of music i like but its ok
Found everything I wanted,,even my cash man.
I think FrostWire is the best music app
Best music app.so far thank you.
Love it best music App ever
Best app for movie download
Love it best app.since bearshare
Love to listen to music on this app
I used to support FrostWire, with it's optional ads and its lack of in-app  purchases. I left them on because it felt like I was actually making a  contribution to the project. It made me feel good. But now that they've not  only taken away my ability to turn off ads without paying, but also  increased the frequency of the ads, I can't support this app. It's the kind  of app that I only keep because I can't find an alternative. But I assure  you, if this doesn't change, the moment I do find an alternative, I will be  abandoning this project.
I downloaded this app a few months ago and purchased a year ad free. I've  since had to reset my phone for other reasons and since I've reloaded the  app on my phone it seems to go back and forth between the free version and  the ad free version. I've started downloads on the ad free version and am  unable to access them to pause them when I go off wifi... Can this possibly  be addressed??? Please!!!! I otherwise love the ap
I really like this app I find it handy when trying to find all those songs  I've been trying to download to make it better could you let us hear part  of the song before we download it still great app better then all the  others I've tried
BEST EVER! it dose take data but not a lot and as long as you download  songs with WiFi your are good You deserve a 5 star rating
I'm really, totally disappointed it won't load on my Samsung Note but hey  whatever we're going to try it on the families AKA my girls LG and if it  works on that then that's what I use if not then we know for sure this app  sucks
If you want this to download music on your phone it doesn't and it doesn't  show you the music you want all the time and it's just a big waste of your  time so I would find a better place to download music on your phone
I can't find what I need to find.. I'm trying to find Undertale OST:  Determination extended but it says nothing..
Awesome app all the music I want it has I have used this app ever since it  came out and I can't complain
I really like this app it's give me the music I'm looking for but the only  thing I didn't like about this app is some of the music I want, it connect  with YouTube n it's not the music it's a video can someone fix this problem  thanks
I love frostwire but way too many covers of song when I specifically type  in a artist name and specific song
I can't find any song that I'm looking for. If I do find one to download,  it plays a completely different song. This happens every time. I can't  preview the songs anymore either
This frostwire app doesn't work. None of the songs play.
Amazing downloader!! Very easy to use... highly recommend to anyone that is  looking for a good app for music and movies! Keep up the good work  FrostWire!:) <3
Frostwire is the best. You can get ANY song that you can think of.
It doesn't let me download any songs and its not even the right ones. Not  even the mp3 one.
I like the app because it's hard to find a good music downloader but it  could have a better selection
I love this app because it allows me to download my favorite music from  Youtube site which is great for me.
This is a perfect place to download any music you want! I'm really happy  that this app is created! 😀😀😀
Has all the music and movies u want and need ola and new
I think honestly it's a new era of the old school downloader lime wire cool
This app is a dream come true
Awesome app from the play store it's were I download all my music
Doooooope azz site
best app to download music...been using it for 8 or 10 years
A really good music downloader with offline listening
Absolutely love it!! The best music app for long road trips!!!
This is very useful app best music downloading app
One of the best places to listen and download music
Best music apps downloader that i ever used.
this good app download for free songs but you need to connecting to wifi  internet also mobile data during its quick downloading.
This app would be amazing if I could find songs from the artists.  Everything seems to be remixes or cover songs. I rarely find the actual  song anymore. Never had this problem when I first started using and wish  you could expand the description so you could see what you were  downloading. It's hard to tell if your getting a cover song or real song  cause it gets cut off.
Frostwire will not shut down after closing it.... it goes away and comes  back, draining your battery.
Gives me the worst downloads. I don't always find what I'm looking for.  I've had better apps too bad I can't seems to find them anywhere in the  play store.
I think you guys need to expand your mp3 database for the Metal band  Disturbed because my phone won't support mp4's or Flacc files
I love how I can download almost anything I want. This is a epic app. I  mostly use it for heavy metal death metal and all metal.
Used to work great and find all kinds of songs, but after last update  nothing downloads at all.
This app make me cum!!!!!!
Finds most of what I want though sometimes u need to try other variations  of search like best of, or greatest hits to get results. Liked older  versions better cause my searches disappear if I'm online doin other things  which is a pain n my A$$! Please fix and I'll raise my rating👍Still my  favorite torrent app...
ONLY BAD THING IS SEVERAL SONGS & DOWNLOADS DOESN'T HAVE THE WHOLE SONG or either downloads an empty song/file. HAVE to spell song/artist EXACTLY or won't find what ur looking for. Otherwise I would give 5⭐
My mom has this installed on her device and it works perfectly so I decided  to download it too. But it doesn't work on my device.uhmm Can someone tell  me what's wrong?
Went from 5 stars to 1 star.... SMH Not sure what happened but when I first  used this App it was FREAKING AWESOME! I have uninstalled and reinstalled  it several times but now, no matter what I click on and no matter how far  the download goes they ALL END THE SAME WAY! ERROR!!! Sooooo very  disappointing considering how many people I recommended this App to. Hate  to say it but I believe it's time too uninstall for good and use Torrdroid  if I can't figure out what is wrong with the app or what is happening from  my side. :( Almost feels like losing a pet. LOL We had a good run.
Just a good downloader for music. I download a bunch, then save music to SD  card and reset my phone to prevent viruses. 😉
Its pretty good. Look the song by the person who sings it. I been looking  for a app like this for long time now. You should download it its litt
It's the only mp3 Downloader that actually works anymore. It's definitely not the best one I have ever used but it works and for the most part it finds most of my inquires.
Help work because frostbite plus downloaded several time, S before...
I like it because I can get almost any song, but one thing I don't like is  that it always downloads entire albums that don't work whether I want them  or not. please help. thanks!
It is amazing i can get what ever music i want on this app thank you frost  wire but can you also put the new songs that come out so we can download it  asap? Please!👍❤
Love this app just wish you could preview before you download the song but  hey can't complain can't always get what you want songs download fast and  play good on my s8+
It keeps saying I'm not connected and it won't download with the picture of  the album and it keeps giving me half downloaded songs
I been usessing this program for ten years now and it never fails if your songs don't come up reword it it is their, anyhow I fully recommend FrostWire it's a great program.
I've had this app a long time but now no matter what I download it won't  play it
Sucks so confusing doesnt have the music i search for
This app used to kick a**, I've had on every phone I've bought since I found out about it, but since I downloaded it on this phone it will not download anything,  I can click to download and it goes through the motions and says it's downloading but does absolutely nothing...
I have been using this app for 3 years and I have never had issues with it  but now I can not download any music I would have given it 5 stars before  but now it only deserves 2.5
I hate it when you have to re download it and lose all music
Most of my searched music is found. Nice mixture of old and new school.  Would like older artists more. Fast downloads. Would like to preview before  I download. Ogg seems to download faster.
I have used this app for almost a year and it is amazing. It has most of  the music I like. Very easy to use. In my opinion, there are to much ads.
Great app and all, but a month or so after I bought the year without ads  option they stared popping up like crazy
Long time user, and this app has taken it it the next level. Keep it up
I think it is a great app but you can't really find the right song you have  to dig through all the songs that aren't the one
App is bad only part of the song's
Found mostly everything i was looking for R&B Rap an hip hop i live this app
Fantastic. Let's me watch videos and listen to music. Has plenty to choose  from. Love it so much I highly recommend this to all.
Would be very nice if everytime I rearranged a playlist it wouldn't move  the order to every song I just downloaded
It's a awesome mp3 player and you can find all the music your looking for  if you search right it's great
So Legit First music downloader to earn my respect downloads and plays  easily SOOO LEGIT!!$
Can find any song i look for even some non chart toppers.
Has everything I need. Awesome qaulity. Have used this app over and over  again! Awesome job guys!
I really enjoy this app. Just wish it was a little more in depth as far as  filtering searches.
Love it, never find a better music downloader. Xoxo
New update where there's nothing but YouTube videos instead of what your  searching for is garbage
Works great for downloading music to your phone,you can listen offline
It's hard to find the right song
Great app love it easy to use. GREATEST APP I JAVE DISCOVERED
Best app ever I can download any song i want.
Love frostwire. Have used it for a very long time
Love it only need WiFi to download songs then you don't need it
This app is the best they got on Google play store
Amazing I get the purpose album free through this app
Very beautiful app, can literally download anything.
Nice app I can search music and videos easily :)
Honestly pretty dope👌👌 just with search had more space
Love it Doesn't do this justice. I Won't try. Any one else!!!!!😘😘
One of the easiest apps to use. Good selection also.
Bruh, not gonna lie, i wasnt expecting this great of an app :)
Love this app fast download and can also download albums
One of the best music downloading apps
I love this app and I've been using it for a while but, I wish that they could add a couple more songs from MARSHMELLO and Ookay. Mainly : By MARSHMELLO:  Take it back Fly By Ookay: Help me out  COOL  I really like those songs and would love if you guys could add them to the app to download because I've been searching for another app to download from and I haven't been able to fund one like your guys
Do NOT take this off! Every time I find the perfect music player, they take it down or the update totally messes it up. And I finally gave up for a while until I realized that I didn't have one of my all-time favorite songs! I'm so happy and satisfied with this. Thank you for giving me all of my old and new favorites! 👍💕
Nice beta. Can't wait to see the final release!  Seriously though. So many ads that show up multiple times and move the X to close them so you inadvertently click on them, and they don't even load half the time so it just stalls.   Bugs galore. Sometimes your transfers are there, sometimes they aren't. Switching to Flud to end this madness.
Its the only app i use to download songs for my galaxy s8. Totally love it! Just a matter of choosing the right files. I always choose the mp3 files and they're great❤
Yay free music. BUT I'm upset because it downloaded a bunch of files I never clicked on.
Helped me out alot, I've been looking for an app I can download music and finally have found it
Awesome; able to find all of favorite artists. What's not love about this app!
Best app to download music i have ever used to me even better than spotify  and soundcloud even though you cant download music on those this is just  the best music app ever
I love it but the only thing is that it takes a long time downloading when  it takes a long time download the the whole song is like downloaded
Very cool app  im able to download an album tht has been dropped in the same day thts cool👍👍👌👌
Has issues sometimes but overall the best damn app of all time!
It's a great app .with all my music to download .Thank you guys very much🌹
It also takes along time to download, search, etc. Please fix
I can find every song I have put in I love this app most songs download fast
Great apps. It does not show cover songs when i search a song or singer.
For the first few weeks, everything was perfect. I was able to download my  songs with little space used. But after the update, it crashes as soon as I  open it. What do?
Best music and torrent downloader EVER! There is just a problem, though.  When I download another song, it doesn't show up when I open FrostWire,  until I uninstall this app and install it back. I'm not sure if it's  because it's on my documents or drive or something, but I hope it will be  fixed eventually.
Love this for the PC. Not sure if this is ready for prime-time on Android. Despite constantly force stopping this app, this app keeps running and killing my battery. I've even changed the setting where this should run on WiFi only and turning off WiFi on my phone yet FrostWire keeps running... and draining my battery. Have no choice but to uninstall.
Worked perfect till this last update!! Cannot even open it now. Immediately crashes.  Will return to a 5 stars once you fix whatever the heck you changed. Samsung Galaxy J7
Anyone know or a similar app.. frostwire has gone to S**T
I can only find a small portion of the songs I want and now I can't even open the app anymore even after downloading. Just keeps saying I need to restart the app.
Used to be awesome, now it constantly says the network is unavailable even though I'm on WiFi. How do I fix this? I can't find anything in the help section about this.
Great torrent client for a mobile device. Haven't had any malware or anything, though I still scan each download, but so far so good
It'll start to download, then it just stops and won't even finish it all the way through.
This is a great app better then any other apps. I can find most music that I like its also fast at finding and downloading songs.
Recently downloaded this app I love it, I've downloaded albums which other wise I could not find, and that to in  FLAC  what more could one want, I still need to xplore the app more.Thanks guys.
Cant believe this is still around! Loved this when I was younger, downloaded all my favorite songs. Great sharing and downloading app!
Love this music app. Easy if you know how to navigate it simply. Frostwire is so great and improved from when I had it on my computer years ago. I dont mind downloading song by song either no hassle love it.
It allows me to get top hit songs most of the time. But not with new artists, but other than that a great app.
This works. No mumbo jumbo. Search for a song then download. The best I've found in a long time.
It the most ass downloader an ads pop up so damn much like im literally angry at this app and the way it was made
Removing due to fact you can't listen to the track before downloading.. rubbish, upgrade your site and I'll come back..till then it's your loss, I won't be recommending this site....yet!
Its easy quick and has every song i look for best app i have ever tried for downloading music
This app is awesome! You can search any movie or song on here and download  it, just like utorrent but you can search up what you want here instead of  finding the torrent online.
Its pretty cool, its definitely easy to use but doesnt have everything i look for, other than that i say its probably one of the best ❤
Its alright cant find alot pf things but still very good app no billsh#t or ads but a few cover bamds...
Has not the latest music but some of it i can remember from when i was little lol im so old👌but good app good music you did a good job keep making good music
This is a silly app why cant there just be a simple way to download music
Frostwire use to be a great download site on the computer but now...it doesn't have any good song choices....can't find hardly any new songs...
Love it but needs more song like Luke James so sick from star cause I was  looking for it and I really want to listen to it
Only a tiny piece of music not the while song. Disgusted.
Wish it would let u hear the song before u download it...🖒
To difficult to understand and hard to find songs.
Best free music downloader, I searched the entire android market and nothing comes close from UK music to American it's got it all.
Autocorrect just in case someone doesn't know what they're spelling and you need the exact song they type and correct person or singer
Love this got almost everything i want here for download
Very good App, I did get lost once, however I read the help and was OK HP
Doesn't have all the music I want to hear but it's still a good app
Good app, you can download music, videos, and images. But there is no pre view for the thing you want to download.😑
Love it has the songs i want and most important you can play offline and  doesnt drain your battery
It's a good app. Could use some improvement, but it works better than most my
First song i searched for wasnt found..really.. Kiss black diamond.. DELETED
By far the best Music app out there Keep up the good work don't go nowhere
Best part is that u can listen to music offline
BEST 2018 MUS9C APP IN DA WORLD!!! I was looking for a good music app, and  I found frostwire!
This is a awesome app if you love music and movies and easy to use it's a  must have
You can't find anything you search in on this app.
One of my all time favorite apps,,,I'm from the time of limewire and this reminds me of this,,great app,,great selection of songs to download,,I recommend this app
I think it should have more a variety of music, other than that, a great app
Omg i love this app helps me get free music fast and easy
The best used it since 2014 i really want the Frost  wire hoodie
Pretty good app, almost has alot of my fave  music, thanx 👍👍👍
Reader stop what you are looking for, best app ever
Love this app found all my music awesome !!!💙💜
I've been able to find every song I look for!!!?
Best music app eva!! U rock
The best music downloader period.
Some other music cant search
It's good if you have a certain album in mind but is a pain individually downloading songs and sometimes it takes forever
Remember everyone, the ads are to keep the app free. Have a lovely day!
delet delet delet dele t delt delt delt
It worked on my last phone but now on a better phone it doesn't get anything right.
I've been trying to get the best music download and finally I have it. You have to get this app guys.its super awesome
It's ok, but sometimes has music I didn't download but is by the same artist or same album in my music. Annoying and confusing. If you could explain to me why, I'd appreciate it and give this app 5 stars! Thank you anyways!
I love the way it doesn't stop my downloads without an ok from me first. I also love that it lists songs for you with just a name. The only thing I wish I didn't have was the ads that pop up out of nowhere
I loved I got all my favorite song like lil pump xxxtentacion Roy purdy oh one more thing I'm not one of those guys who just give it a good rating for fun it's actually pretty good app
Is it so hard to ask for a nice and simple music download w out seeding, transfers etc etc etc!! WTH is seeding?? I tried one song, just one and I'm going to already uninstall... Nothing played, it didn't download(or it would a went in my play music app!!??! I understood NOTHING about this and who the hell wants to sit around for 3hrs... Trying to get a song to play, download blaah blaah blaah!!
I use to love this app but after the recent update all you can download are samples or songs that don't even work. This app is a complete waste of space
Its pretty fast @ downloading newer mainstream rap or hip hop music, but a little frustrating when u want to download rock or metal. All in all a good app!
I love this app it works great too recently now it keeps pausing I go in the settings and fix it and it still pauses all the time how do I fix this please let me know
Abysmal. You download something and it will take it off as it pleases. Do not download. Waste of time
No matter how general or detailed your search, this app will not find what you are looking for. Don't waste your time.
Qstealing is wrong. But maybe hollywood should go back to Thearte if theyvwant ppl to appreciatr them as working adults and performers.
Doesn't download a lotta songs n can't listen before you down load wants the song to download to go to my ringtones so I can use them for contacts
Umm ok the app works but when looking for songs that you want OMG not what you want it's either remixed or not the real song. I don't understand why I can't just look up a artist and find the real right song if they fix that problem this app would be the sh** no lie.
5 stars for you guys. Thank you so much. I have been searching for a free mp3 downloader forever, The song I wanted was "shine" from years & years. AWESOME!! XX
I like the app, when I use it I fell like I I have all my music and jams with me wherever I go its amazing there's only 1or 2 times that it has crashed but no lag thx👌👌
I paid for Add free but I still get adds so basically wasted my money. I can't find any songs I'm looking for no matter how I search ... There should also be a way to listen before you download...
This app use to be great now all it does is download songs, but they dont play or transfer in to my music app how annoying so its basically useless. 😒
I love it but sometimes not doesn't have music like Aaron carter- sooner or later
This is a very good app but today i tried to download the newest by panic at the disco and it didn't have it so I know it is pretty good and it has almost all songs
Its a good app to download but some times it freezes in transfer when I am download and some of the songs when are done downloading either they cut off before the end of song or it 0:00 for time length of song and won't even play
I don't understand how this app got a 4.1 rating try to download some songs it doesn't even play them waste of time waste of energy they need to just take this s*** down
Could never find the music/musicians I actually wanted to listen to. Uninstalled.
Everytime try dowlound musica dosr come up
The best music downloader so far. It's real 5*. Fast and easy to use. Less adverts and you find any song you want. Am happy!
It's not that bad tbh. I've tried finding apps like this but, no luck. This is the best so far. Download itttt 😂
There are some things I can't find, and sometimes it takes some digging, but other than that it works great for what I need.
I've always searched for a good music downloading app, and I've finally found one! Thank you to the creators of FrostWire! I'm glad I found you. Keep up the good work.
Used to be a good app now like 90% of the song that I'm not trying to download aren't working
Awesome so far ..hoping it won't mess my phone up like it did the computers back in the day!!
It won't even download the songs I want, I find them and hit download but then nothing happens after that.
I don't like the fact that you have to go through a lot of trouble for Frostwire Plus just to listen to music.
Honestly go frostwire or go hay wire. This is the best app I've ever used. Never use another app over this!
Great to be able to download music to my phone .hard to find a good app to do this ..this one works great.thanks ...
The app dosen't believe the wifi connection, but i have internet connection so please fix it
If u can make this app where people can save all the music as well on an account for free that in itself would be awesome
Would've giving a 5 star but i can only download 1 song every week wich i could get more then 1 a week
Great music downloader! I have found all the music I have looked for with ease! Easy to use without any confusion!
Love it...just wish it would close easier...always comes back up...
I luv this app because if u are looking for a song   that have the same name it let u listen to it
Real good app I don't mind the adds ppl gotta make some money
I usually can find what song I want and it downloads fast plus there's a music player
It nice you can download all song you want i vive it a vive star súper  graet😂
It's cool I love it I can walk around listen to music with out WiFi
On point. Don't waste your time with anything else.
i love the app bcoz its fast and easy to use.. keep it up.. its highly recommended..
Fast, east to use. Best app to download music off of. I just love it.
Coll just wish yu can see how long it is before u download it
I like being able download music and the player is awrsome
This the most useful app in the world i love it 5 star
Love this app play all my music  .
Love it, easy to use, and fast
It's a good app, but it keeps saying it's stopped when the music is playing. When I play a specific playlist, it plays every sone, not just the ones on the playlist
A litle more improvement please..
They have most things I'm looking for, once the music is done downloading, it's stored my phone memory with the rest of my music. Very convenient, NO ADS! AMAZING! Easy to use, too
To many faulty files. States music but when u download it u cant open it
I liked the app since the beginning but then I randomly got upgraded to the pro version and loved it more
I like it becouse it help you serch remix
I love Frost wire.  It's easy to use and has a very large inventory of music!
I love it..  It's the greatest app you will ever find to get music it's easy better then soundcloud And it finds what you want... GREAT😁😁!?
Thx best download app to get, I will give it 5 Stars everyday all day
Where's the songs?!?!?! Tried searching for a few songs I wanted most and didn't have a single one of them, waste of time and bandwidth
Love this app thank you
as far as an app for getting music its   perfect.
I am able to find most songs. App locks up a lot. Will continue to use it.
Usually its good... For some reason its not working rite now..
Good app since the new update deleted my playlist smh very disappointed
Nothing new that you could download, bypass, keep moving
Simple set up. Quick and easy download.  Takes up minimal space on my dwvice
Good app. Lot's of songs and pretty easy to use.
Good place to download free music
Its lit. Get lil boat 2 rn!!!🔥🔥⛵⛵
Music paradise pro was better but since its gone this one deserves 5 stars by default.
By far it's a pretty great app you can listen to music offline and MOST music you look for you can find easy to use and download a few annoying adds but still a great search engine
I love that when i want a certain song its so easy to find and download it and it automatically saves it to my music on my phone
I have had frostwire since it first came out and it's the best torrent easy to use
Beat app to download torrents period, for pc,mac,andrpid,or iPhone!
The only website I know that lets you download music and music for ringtones
Really easy to use, and you have millions of songs to download. And it shows you how much space you have in case you don't want to download that song and waste space. Most song are about 6 MB. Some are even in the KB's. I'm gonna save you trouble, go ahead and download this. 👌
I was able to get about four songs but now they never download past zero percent I dont know if its just really slow or if is something wrong
Every song on my phone got deleted when it updated February 24, 2018. Boooo! You stink! I want my music back.
It's poopsie poopsie the happiest little tiny Halo poop poopsie comes from pets who eat Halo pet food it's made with whole Meats and put poop in the best mood other brands use meat meal it's kind of suspicious it's poopsie poopsie always polite and a pleasure to scoop proven to heart and digestive system the proof is in the poop -halopetfood
This is the best music, video, and movie downloader I've ever had in my phone, thank you so much
Nice free and easy to use I love frostwire it is a good and fast music downloader Love it
Found what I was looking for but most songs say error when you try to download and you can't listen to the song before you download it
To many ads pop up other than that I love this app iv used frostwire over 10 years and you still can't beat it
It won't open! I was listening one morning and then later when I tried to get on it wouldn't open! And it shows that none of my music is downloaded from it on Google play music
It's great for downloading music, if you could add songs by New Hope Club it would be 5 stars
i can download a song easily,,deserve a five star
I love the music download app I do
This app was quick and simple to use, and is the best music downloader I've ever experienced so far! The songs I downloaded has good quality, so I'm giving 5 stars :)  edit: also a suggestion is to add more music because i couldn't find some of the songs i searched for.. anyway the app is still great! 😊
So far so good! I find exactly what I'm searching for, songs download easily, ads aren't too heavy, and I can play my music with my screen off. I think that I'll keep this app until I either replace my device or until the app stops working properly. EDIT; Would love to have the feature that after a song has been selected to download that I can go back to where I was automatically rather than having to scroll back through the playlist in order to find where I was. EDIT: damn it drains the battery fast, even when it's not being used!
People rave on how good this app is. N it's good bout 45% of the time. I like to download music from the 80s 90s sometimes the 70s I like all varieties of music n frostwire simply doesn't have them or if they do they r all achieved. Wth? I miss my previous mp3 downloader. Everything u looked up 98%of the time they had it. I lost that app cuz I had to reset my phone. N play store doesn't have mp3 downloader apps anymore u gotta get the ones with music on the already. Don't like that either. So all in all I'm disappointed in playstore music apps. Frostwire is the best thing I could find. If u don't mind the latest music then it's fine. If u like a variety from the pretenders, to whitesnake, to shiance, good luck!
I absolutely love frostwire, super easy to use, has almost all the music you're looking for and its just amazing. The only downside which made me give it 4 stars is after a little while music stopped downloading and it makes me upset- so please fix that!
It's works most of the time, and has a good selection of music. However, sometimes it will refuse to start the process of downloading music, which can be quite aggravating. Otherwise, it does as it intends to.
Now that you asked, yes I love Frost wire I can't get another app better and its frustrating trying to find one. You have everything that I could ask for in a music app. You can't play before downloading but if you know what you want its not difficult. Not all songs that I looked for down load when it says it is and when it does download it won't allways go into my music mp3 player. But that's not an issue, you have done more than other apps.
Labeling of what you are downloading could use some work. And my playlists keep getting deleted when I make them
Hate it. I couldn't play anything else in my list. Just the same song over and over. No matter how many times you click on another song. I hate this. Fix the problem.
I downloaded this and it has everything in Spanish. On top of that you can not preview any music before downloading the song. Rubbish
I paid for the app to get no ads. Now they are putting up ads asking me to pay again to remove the ads. Complete and total rip off. Can't listen to the song first. Most of the downloads are garbage files with some guy preaching.
This is the BEST music app you will find. It almost  always  has the song you want. I LOVE that I can download whole albums at a time and am able to take off one or two songs if I don't like them. I USE FROSTWIRE DAILY! &lt;3 &lt;3
Needs work, used to be able to preview before downloading, some songs you download, you go to play back and there is nothing there... used to be a fairly decent app, now... notsomuch
It seems to me that you made some few good improvements since the last time I was here,  I have no idea that I would of thought it had gotten better. Good job. Im definitely going to give this the last time.
I couldn't preview the songs, No Vevo YouTube like before. The playback doesn't work. It used to be amazing. Now its horrible.
Other than continuously getting ads after paying to get ads removed, it's an ok app, just tied of the damn ads and glitches this app contains, I've contacted them but no response and problem still continues and yet no refund...
Bought ad free for a year then a month later was charged again and showing ads still. Now a month after that still showing ads. This is a rip-off but there's no other music app like this so you guys think you can do whatever you want. I'm pissed.
Great application.  Now I don't have to pay the ridiculous prices for music and I just share along ! It continues to impress me and all of the upgrades do what they promise. Can't say  that about other apps right ?
This is literally the best app for music you can get. The team has done a wonderful job answering questions or suggestions, and the music library is astounding. I have no complaints, this app is life!
great app. by far the best music download app I've tried in the playstore recently. Actually has most of the music you search and doesn't require stupid token systems or anything like that to play your music offline.
Bloody love this app. Had it on pc but now on phone. I can find even the most obscure track 5*
I either can't find a song I Am looking for or it won't download. It's getting bad!
I found the song that I need, but pressing the down arrow to download, it does nothing. How do I download the song that I need? I have been trying to figure this out for the last hour and I cannot get anything to download.
Its as some but it needs all songs from YouTube so I can listen to my fave songs like cake
The sheer number of ads is both aggressive and aggravating, but you have an upgrade option to eliminate them.  Even if you don't buy the upgrade, the app does work.
This app is a good app epically cause when I'm in the car I have no WiFi and this app doesn't need WiFi but it is confusing when your looking for a specific song and it will have remixed and stuff but not the real song so it's ok
It occasionally freezes up but for the most part if u stick to MP3, mp4, and mfv files they will play on your smartphone.
I finally found an app that actually finds the songs I'm looking for the only downfall is you can't play them before you download them.
It doesn't have as much as other people claim, but does have a wide variety of music, movies and anything else you've been looking for. For any mobile device. It could Download faster
Look it does let you play the song befor downloading   and when you search one thing  it does come up half the time
It has all the the songs you want.... Easy to use. Great quality. Go download it right now!!
I listen to metal so a lot of the bands and songs I'm looking for don't even bring anything up but for alternative and some hip hop it works great
Wish there was some hint to which version was the original instead of just a bunch of mixed up stuff.
I love frostwire. It gives me all the songs i love, even the ones that are  hard to find elsewhere. They have give you all different platforms to  download music from and theres no viruses. Love it.
The one thing I dont like is that you cant preview the song before downloading it
Downloads pausing constantly and if something does download I get a "moving incomplete" error
You name it you can get it on FrostWire. Any song, any artist, even any version, live, album, remix, you name it FrostWire got it!!!
I just wish when I press download it wouldn't go on a different screen and I should be notified the downloading has started but so far it's a good app to download music.
The app will relaunch after shutting it down. Which drains battery quick.
It's trash it download anything no more, all it says is error now..
Very good for downloading videos but still has to improve. Nees to put a button were users could read details about the video thats available for download.
Muy pocas apps te dan realmente música gratis y sin suscripción alguna.  Lo más parecido a Ares y Limewire para sus mejores tiempos
Bet app I even got off the play store
This app do not most of our favorite song
It is a good app but it has too many remix its difficult to find an original song I like it though
Frostwire has just about everything. I feel like I'm using Napster from back in the day. Nice work and big ups to the developers of the program!
Really worth it i had to copy and paste off youtube before this is so much easier! All my songs are full songs no problems :) download this guys! :)
It use to be a great app. Downloaded everything I wanted. Now it either  doesn't or it shuts down. But I'm hoping it will go back like it was.
It won't download any music.I can see BLANK!!? I hate it!!!
Can never find a song im looking for half the time and if I do there are no seeders for me to download from.
I did pay for the ad removals for a year but I still get the ads.  If u can't remove the ads then I want a refund.
It has a wide variety of music, but some songs won't even get to 1% after minutes of downloading
Some time really slow to load songs and other stuff but pretty good app so far
Simple and awesome. Love this app. Im Getting all the new music I was missing out on.
Its good you guys have wide range selection of songs but it  deletes my songs after a week or two fix this please
Thank you, also paid for no ads as support for this group, please remove opencandy from install package for Windows.
Loved this app but lately it doesn't really want to download anything when I select a song, please fix this!
Was so excited to find out that frost wire still existed and for free. Best  app to download free music. Its fast and reliable.
Like it so far will get back to you with a better review as soon as I have had it a longer time.
This is the best approach this far!!! It has majority of the song I like
The content that I search for. Is just not available from this app like music, apps and things of the sort
I can download tons of FREE music from any artist. I use this app all the time. It's great!
Hsjdjxhhdgxhxjhxh to the inbox folder and then you can get the best regards David David and I will be a good
Veryyyyy great app lets me get music straight to my phone and i can find all the songs i need
it is the only app I can find for downloading music if looked all over and can't find 2
Ok this won't download any  songs and I have a full internet connection this app is a joke!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When ever I try to download a song it'll download but when I play it there's nothing there. What's up??
I love it. This is exactly what i'm looking for and i've found it. Rare is a music downloader where you can listen even offline.
Love the app but when I turn it off the app will turn back on by itself and drain my battery....
It lets you download some music, some wont even download itll show up but no downloads
Awsome but sometimes needs to search and freezes
Great easy to use with other apps that download i suggest ( free mp3 player ) and it should transfer
I have always loved frostwire u play original music no remixes from other people
Such a great app. I can find nearly every song that I search for that's NOT a cover song of the artist's song.
My daughter told me about this app,🖤 it's one of the best apps out there !
Thank you for this app I  rate Frost wire 10
Please addusic for iv of spades and shanti dope🤣 THANKS!
Its a very nice  app .easy to find song and uploaded it's helps a lot for me
Wouldnt want any other mp3 music downloader
This is a wonderful app. Let's me download music and listen to offline. It's great!
Frostwire Is The Best Music Downloader That I Had Ever Downloaded  😁
Its good but could be better. Can use improvement but I do love it
Amazing, great quality and very easy to use. Best app like this yet
Very easy to use love it it has a lot of songs and versions of the same song to choose from
This app is the devil!!! Gave my phone a virus!!!
This is the best torrent downloader ever you can actually download movies that are still out and NEW MUSIC
Can't find or download anything
Frost wire is alg tbh
Great app to use, you'll find most of what your looking
Song selection sucks and have the music downloaded doesn't play
Best music downloader and player I have ever installed....I Truly Love it!!!!
Easy to navigate and use.  If I can do it anyone can.
Would like to listen to the 🎶 before I download it0
Frostwire is the best music app EVER TOO EXIST
Best for downloading free movie and music not pay
Easy to download best app in a long time
The best music app ever!!! It has everything!
Its my favorite music download app
Is good easy to use thank you
Easy to down load music on my android
Absolutely nothing like it unleashed like a mini laptop
Add more variety of music
best downloader for music ....period
this app is realy nice...quick downloader...
It's a really great app for people that like music I love this app so much you can get almost every song there is you guys should get it and I bet you will rate it as one of your favorites its really that good and if you like to listen to music wile playing a game its not like YouTube because YouTube can't do that unless you have a chrome book or a computer but its a great app:-)
Downloaded a few songs and i received an email saying i violated copyright laws and my internet service might get canceled
Absolute trash. Will not find usable torrents even for popular music.
My entire family uses FrostWire, and the reason why... It's the best free music downloader out there that I've found so far. Most songs, albums, wallpapers, videos you want to find are right here.
I think they need to update it so that newer songs can be downloaded and also were u can search without it saying try using less words
Think you should be able too see artwork and also review the song before downloading
I finally found an app i can download my music straight up....
Best thing in the world right know
It's good but it needs to add more newer music to alot of the artist.
This app is amazing you could just listen to music that you download without WiFi!
Love being able to listen offline  helps whenever I have to travel far from service to and from or for Work
Honestly, I love this app. You can search up an artist and download one song at a time or you can download the album. Now, there are a few times when I can't find what I'm looking for but over all really good
Waited over half an hour for it to download one song and when the download was finally complete the song wouldn't play. Waste of time!
I love this app. The amount of series and movies I downloaded from it is unbelievable however, sometimes it literally stops working and I have to uninstall it and download it again.thats the only difficulty I have with it i don't know if it's because there's a certain limit to downloading things or something like that but other than that I'm in love with Frostwire.
It is not as good as use to be . before I could search n download songs now it jus freezes n glitches can barely download songs
It can deff be better overall because there's a lot of music that doesn't even know and I think that maybe if it was just more music and less cover people sometimes and it would be a lot better
It's lit af. I chose this terminology on purpose so you'd know I'm not a bot..... So.... Do with that what you will.... Personally I wouldn't trust it if I read it tho. As for details it downloads what you need easily, I've never gotten a virus, but sometimes it'll stop downloading things if it needs an update. So keep it up to date fam. Love, peace, and a ball of hair grease.
Thank you so much .its a very good app.I hope I can find more latest Tagalog songs
I like this alot... But... just a request..  On the next update, plz add Alec Benjamin's songs.  Thx.
It sucks dont get it. It pauses every 19 sec. into the songs. Cant hardly find any songs 👎👎👎👎booooo
It's a really good music downloader and I can find all the music I want, but it won't let me download some sings here n there, like I tried to download a song I havent heard in a really long time and it would download, but I couldnt listen to it, same went for the other titles on the lists.
One of the best App i've ever seen so far,..Not too many Ads, and soooo easy to Download Music and transfer immediately in my SD Card.however one thing i've notice is that some Asian Songs,Artist or Singers like in the Phillipines did not appear here,..hoping a little improvement for this App but Overall is Nice and working Good!..just keep Up the Good work developer.👍👍
I looked up a song and literally every single file was exactly the same and it was not good quality it was done in the chipmunk voice this app is total BS
I dont know how to preview the music can anyone help ??
I typed in 7 songs and your app had none of them so you know my opinion (&$#@#$@)
This app WAS fantastic. For a while I  Could get just about anything, And now almost no songs that are not POPULAR are either Not found or not downloading.
Let's me actually download music onto my player. I love it and it has all the songs you search, original plus remakes.
While it does its job, after having it for a month my music app gets deleted for some reason and i can only enable it after i delete frostwire, but after i delete frostwire my songs wont play
It's not letting me get the music I want. It won't download the songs
To be honest it use to be a good app before the update now all you get is a lot of foreign links with absolute filth about young girls sort it out guy's I've had to wipe my phone twice due to the filthy pictures keeps coming on my screen sort it out guy's
Uninstalled and downloaded 4 times the appp suckss big timee i dont recommend it at all
Just about anything I'm looking for I can find here and the app is very user friendly I use it all the time I ha e not found anything that compares with frost wire
It good but can't find some of the music I like. Plus I can't play it before hand so ic don't know the quality until downloaded.
I've never gave a app 5 stars I love this app it's fast easy and fun to use
I can hear my music when iam slipping
App reveiw - app world well with my zte blade mobile phone .... Just wish it had the option of to use a VPN or not use when downloading
What!? Doesn't download songs! Stupid don't waste your storage!
I have a question before I download if I have this on my phone can I download it on my laptop with the same account or do they have to have two separate accounts
Iffy at best and keeps running on it's own in the background have to shut it off every hour, uninstalled.
I really like FrostWire because u can find any music and u can save it to ur phone, and play it when ur offline!!! Best app by far!!!
Easy to use but takes awhile and has to have a VPN to work
this app helped me get what I needed in music collection
I love this app it has all the best song ever my dancing skills are better from this I love looking at new song and old song
Very nice app to use and the assistance is great if there is a problem
Its really good hope done goofke play ruins in by delwting the app for copywriting ha good job
I've loved frostwire for years!!! I'm happy they made it an app that I can use on my phone.
Always glad to use your program. You guys rock
Finally, don't need an entire computer/laptop to download & listen to my music!!!!
Make it where we can save our music
It is the bet app i have download on ny phone
Please add more a lot of songs like in YouTube please, I really like this app 😊
Love the fact that you can find old tracks that can be turned into ringtones.
I use this app for music only and Frostwire has every song I have looked for and that makes me happy 😀😀😀😀😀😎😎😎
I love this app, been using it for several years. I would recommend this app to anyone
I love it cause its easy to find the song you want which is awesome 👍
This app is great works wonderful download if looking to get and play music!!!
My opinion it needs better quality.. I cant download the movie i want
Nothing much left to. Say
The BEST MUSIC APP. I HAVE HAD 💞💞💞💞 So easy to use. And it works with blue tooth 💞💞
I wish I could find country song but I can't so
Best torrent downloader I ever found on play store.
Great app, I can find all the music I want!!!! And I'm able to find new music!!!
Easy to work, quick to use. Built with respect of music
Best Music Download App I've Used.
First timer, my friend suggest app
It's more easily find the song  and download..
Great to listen off line and at home or any where
Quick & has 99% of the music I search for
Thankful for your work and effort.
Love it!!!!!  The best torrent app
Great App.Best variety of music.
Best music app on earth
Love frost wire
So many ads.  They kust keep popping up.  Watching a download, and right in the middle, it stops. Now all my dowloads will not play!?!?  What a waste. Especially since it takes a while to download.  Love the pc version.  But this one... not so much.  I would buy it to remove the ads, but as the trial has shown, it causes too much frustration.  I was killing some time by watching my download, but since it crashed, I have nothing better to do than write a slam report.  I will try again later.  If it works, I will delete this and add 5 stars.  Let's see how long this review stays here. February 9 2018
I love it! Its like the old programs from back in the day like Napster, Bearshare, Kazaa and Morpheus. For you millennials programs are apps for a computer that "was so big" you had to put it on a desk and use a mouse and keyboard!
Aweful just aweful. Half of the songs are just pathetic covers, it eats up your phone battery and memory and is full of gliches. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
when i find something to download, it shows up but will pause within  seconds, or else just shows downloading but is not. i have wifi etc. bit  connection on nothing
This app doesn't have private browsing. Your service account for internet gets hacked.
I've used Frostwire since it's inception & they just keep surpassing my expectations of the way I would have the app function. Highly recommend this app to anyone & everyone!
Intrusive ads take over your experience. Trash software
Aside from having to listen to the demo to make sure the song isn't totally screwy, I love this app and have used it for years and will continue for years.
App is s*** you cannot find any music
There should be more African song like mamelani ,yile gqom
Do far it can find anything I'm looking for.  Great app.
I love how I can save it to my phone for a time to come
Love it till it starts denying that a search for paparoach.
Download movies&music/ man all I need to find whatever song or movie I want it's there to download to your phone with very little ads if any love this app.its No others I'll you for my music ;just love all the things you can do with this app :Music or songs download load any and everything you want!!!!!!
Nothing worked... Uninstalling after I post this review..
23/01/18 I've only just downloaded this app. It was great with the first two songs I downloaded but then after that everything else I downloaded would say it's completed yet when I go to play it itf would revert back to the second song I downloaded. I had high hopes for this app but it seriously sucks. The only reason it got two stars from me is because I really like the two songs it allowed me to download. If I can't resolve this soon I will just delete it and keep looking around for similar apps that actually work!
Just lost 2 Stars.... Payed for add free pro version for a year and 6 months later I'm starting to get ads again... If you're going to do that main as well just give me my money back and I'll deal with the ads.
As close to and as good as LimeWire was! It's easy to use and the music is 110%! Never had a single problem with this app since LimeWire was shut down and FrostWire was introduced! I have used it since day one on every computer/tablet/phone I have owned. I would suggest and insist that friends, family, and anyone else needing a torrent use this one!
I honestly love this app but lately it has been acting funny by saying that the song download is complete but when I try to play it the app restarts. Also when I go back to the song it resets the song time to zero then plays the last song I got before the update. As much as I like the style it has just been bothersome trying to connect over and over again to this app.
OK. I deleted it. Now I got it back. Thank you for responding. The thing is that I used to listen to the song I wanted, before I download it. And now I can't. I don't like covers. But at least I found the song that any other app had. THE SOUND OF SILENCE! with Disturbed. I'm happy now. Just help me with other thing.
I downloaded the app and thought it was great had nearly every song I wanted. I just lost all my music and tried to redownload them. It didn't have any of them! So disappointed lost over 700 songs!! Haven't a clue what's gone off but it getting no more than 2 stars...
It's great and all, but I do a minor complaint. When I'm scrolling through some songs to download it automatically brings me back to the top after like 5 seconds, not giving me enough time to look at the songs. May you please fix that and I'll give this 5 starts
It downloads apps without permission. When I try to listen to music, just as I try to tap on a song an ad pops up. If I wait for the AD  it doesn't show up. It means that no matter what I click on an ad when I try to listen to music.
Easy.Fast,Simple,Music,Media,Etc. Downloads directly to SD Card,  Strong,Accurate,Fast Search Engines. Tried pretty much all the other Music  download apps, but this is honestly the Best in every way available for  Android. Just try it and you'll see for youself, its only and last one  you'll need.
This app behaves a lot like a virus.  It auto starts and continually restarts and there is no easy way to stop or disable it short of uninstalling it. The app is also somewhat OVERPERMISSIONED.  It also  contains 3 separate ad networks and a particularly privacy intrusive analytics module.  I recommend, uninstalling this app!!!
After downloading 2.. 2 SONGS it stopped working. I choose a file to download. I wait 5 hours and it doesn't start downloading!!!! And i tried maybe doing something but NNNOPE
Downloading the music was great and all I would give it 5 stars but there is one small problem... Some of the new song and trending songs don't show up... If you could update it and fix this as soon as you can that would be great and depending how good it is i will give it a 5 star rating and give a good feedback
Downloaded 2 songs. Now says download complete but won't let me play the song. Keeps going back to the second song I downloaded. Don't waste this install.
W/O wi-fi it isn't that great, can find some songs, artists, & albums: then, it doesn't download whole album (out of all ones tried to get, I've ended up W/3, rest 1-4 songs). Same W/single song selection. Just don't have Wi-Fi.
It sucks. It caused my phone to go crazy by the volume going to Max on it's own and voice search kept opening on it's own. You could actually see it happen. You never know when you're going download a virus with this app, all because you want to put some music for the road on your phone. Save yourself a headache and the cost of a new phone and stay away from FrostWire!! You've been warned!!
App has been running super slow and sometimes i have to download multiple versions of a song just to make sure it goes through. But when it does go through it works decent. Speed could be tons better.
I love that I can find almost any song I can think of. What I don't love is when I think I've downloaded a song and then it says there's zero and nothing there! So frustrating not knowing what your downloading
This sucks! It won't download anything to my phone anymore and I can't delete it or it'll delete everything that I have downloaded from it. It used to work great and I loved it but now I'm just stuck with it needing to update almost every day and taking up storage space. PLEASE FIX!
It has been acting up since the recent update. A song has been downloaded but when you try to play it it says moving error, the previous versions never had problems. Please fix ASAP.
This app is one of the best for music that I've seen and used in a long time . I'm really liking it! But does have a few kinks to work out.
If you are looking for music to download this is the app. The ads arent too irritating.  Ive downloaded movies too.  I love it!
I've been using Frostwire for years, probably from their very beginning most likely, and I've NEVER been disappointed in my searches and results.  I'm still getting used to the app, but so far I've been very pleased with it.  Sometimes what I might be looking for just isn't out there at that moment in time, but if I try again later? I usually find it, lol Thank You, Frostwire for everything you've given me over the many years we've been together!!!❤❤
Anytime I  go to download Black Sabbath. I get this gay ass band called "discharge" doing a cover of the song. Singer of discharge sucks and sounds like he's drowning in semen. And it needs to stop giving me these damn covers and give me Black Sabbath!!
Best music downloader app everrrrr!!!! You dont even have to listen to the file just download and it saves to your phone or sd card. Its easy to use barley any ads no other app in store like this one! ❤❤
App. is pretty good. With a little trial and error, and patience on finding  a torrent file that actually works, it's a good app.. Really a time saver.  If it downloaded a lot LOT faster I'd give it 5 stars.
I love how simple it is to use. I would give it 5 stars but the fact that there is no way to preview a song prior to going through the download process is kind of what sucks for me. But other than that, no issues.
I can't get movies to download directly to my sd card. Plz fix this, it is soo annoying
It's an alright app but alot of the downloads are just empty space with no music and alot of the others are just covers by 12 year olds. It's difficult to find a song even if the have hundreds of download links
Pretty easy to use. Finds most of songs i looked for.   Had issues with some downloads not working.   All in all for free music it pretty good app
It sucks i try and use it but everything is stuck at 0.0 they got 2 or 3 30 second ads so I guess they made their money
Needs improvement when downloading a music!! It has the worst download ever And second you need to improve its way of searching
Well when look up certain music either it dont have it or someone recorded singing in da background plz add the real songs other than that its ok and to much ads.This app really sucks
It's so easy and does what it says. BUT it glitched a bit for me. If that doesn't bother you then download this app.
Frostwire #1 music app!! No other music app can come close. Even with ads its still the best!! 💜🎶💜
Easy to use, you can listen to your music offline as well, you can download multiple songs and also has a good selection of a good playlist and as well different songs and remixes of your liking
Awesome music download app. It has the most music from the most obscure places, and the most recent updates of new music. I definitely recommend
Its used to work really well when i downloaded music but now when i try to download music ..in the transfers it says downloading but nothing is downloading or its paused. Sometimes it works but most of the time i cant even download one song in less than 1 minute, it takes much longer like too long😐😧. Plz fix this issue, i really like this app
This app is garbage, the downloads aren't what you down loaded, but ads - you may get 10 songs after downloading 100
So far my favorite app it's the only one I can find that allows you to listen to music without wifi it's easy to use and has lots of great music
What a awesome app. Love it! More people should join in. You can download albums, tracks, covers and more. Found albums I couldn't find! Great work guys keep up!!
I like the app updates but I'm still having issues with it dropping ND then I have to go find the download again
Best music download app I have yet to use. Couldn't find a few songs but I found everything other song I wanted
I love this music app. I have downloaded all music download er apps on here....ALL...and this is the only one that allows me to do so AND it goes right into my music. It is amazing and has made me very happy ..way to go guys! ! I give u five big and bright stars!!
I love it but hate that you make us pay for the ads to be taken off. That is bs just sayin
I love FrostWire because it's never changed since the beginning when it first first came out you can find whatever you are looking for for movies to music to pictures to everything albums mixtapes underground to mainstream no matter what it is you could find it thank you Frost wire
Everyone here is retarded. Why you ask? Well because music isn't the only thing you can download idiots
Watch what you download off of you I downloaded two songs and I got a letter from the lawyer's office that says torrent downloading is copyright infringement Red Red Wine and what other song they try to sue me over
I tried searching a song and it says it can't find the song 😡😲😠 I would recommend you not to down load this
It's a great app and it works phenomenally 95% of the time, it helps me get the music I want for free, and money being tight as it is, it really helps. The only issue I have with the app is how some of the downloads quite simply don't work or download.
Like this app i down load music with it but when i try n download anything  else such as 13 reason why season 2 it doesn't download plz fix and ill  rate 5
Either decent I have had better but they didn't allow me to download videos or movies but yeah apart from. That the are a lot of adds
I've used this for years, but all of a sudden won't download, or even load past the first loading screen. Please fix this! ZTE blade X Max.
Im tired of trying to download songs it will start and the stop halfway through the song im trying to download you need to fix this app so people can download music
The best app for downloading music been looking for a app like this and it's great I give it 10 stars all the music that you look for are there.  The best music app to download music and save them to your phone or SD card.  Thank you guys for making a app like this I appreciate very much!!!
I LOVE IT...! This is the most complete app I had found... I highly recommend it to download your favorite music.
Well I like how you still keep the music you download even when you delete this app bc other apps deleted the sounds that I downloaded with the app and that made me very angry but this is the best music app that I have and this is over all a good app I rate it out of 10 a 11
Downloads super fast, there's not one song I've searched that frost wire doest have,  it's Awesome
It was so easy to find the music I was looking for and if I couldn't find the torrent, I would download the song from YouTube using Frostwire. I LOVE this app!
It had a lot of songs and I've had it fr a long time but then I guess it updated and then when I deleted the app it delted all 200 of my songs!!!😔
So my friend wants to download it, but it doesn't work. She is using her ipad to download it. But it doesn't show up. Does it work for an apple or it doesn't work?
It no longer lets you download files. It acts like it is downloading and when you try and open file nothing is there. Music for example
Great place for music and great place to find DJ's etc.....thank you happy news years and remember everyday is a great DAY🌍 to stir up Courage
Has a wide variety of new and old songs. There is a lot of ads but this app is deffinatley worth the 30 sec. wait. The pros of this app deffinatley out weigh the cons in my opinion. So give it a try you may or may not be disappointed. Idk.
I like it. It's not amazing but it's good. It's free music. It's difficult to find alot of songs...
Easy to use but when an update is required it's search engine has very few downloadable options
Works without data! I have a hard time finding some songs but I guess I can't complain when I'm not paying lol
Can't live without this program! DC++ in the '90's, Limewire in the 2000', and now Frostwire saving the day for the past decade!
Slow but normally has everything I'm looking for as long as I have good wifi or service signal
It sucks but it don't sucks. Downloaded music perfectly but it didn't go to my SDcard like its suppose to. It took up most of my phone data so I can't really download anything else.
I love this app it has always been my go to sadly since the last update it keeps showing adds despite that i paid for add free package
I think its a really good app only thing that could change is making it easier to find the full correct version of songs prior to the year 2000
I love it but it crashes too much and I hate how the download list keep coming back as things finish but I still five.
Love it and the music so many results come up when you search one thing related songs come up too
It has an inbuilt playa.  Frustrating though...  You'll see  But it does wat it says
Is a very good app. But does not have a very good nightcore selection
This app has most of the music that I search for but after it says that a song is downloaded it wont allow me to uae a a ringtone and most times it wont stop playing after I push stop and exit out of the app
Error downloading everything. Stick with the Treble app for free music.
Great for downloading movies and music videos plus I can find all my underground music that can't be found on all the other apps I've tried great app
so far so good can use tracks downloaded from am old phone can make personal playlists found tracks I've previously struggled to keep  it up
I am able to find most of the songs I want.  As far as this app taking a while to find the right one, I have no issues.  Great app for the music you want to listen to. I love it!
For the most part, this is awesome. However, there are times when I can't find a song
pathetic Bootlegged Movies These shady Scrubs Who made app,what's the deal with XVIDEOS On most Movies NOW , Come on Now Guys Is we wanted to download  From serval Sources We mine as well as Post Nudes and Private Photos Eight on Google , using this for few years now Hit an miss don't Download movies Ur have ur device monitored cud  pirates Movies and shows ,Plus vids None work wasted 4 GB 2 times for vid Same junk Nothing on screen and download stops Last few Shows and will Not finish downloading,Plus Noticed Vids and Pics From my Phone's Pictures Just vanished ,This is how low have to get To steel photos and vids From random People Than App need shut DOWn
Background play doesn't work and it's makes me mad , angry , etc
Best app ever for downloading music... You don't have to be on the app to listen to your music since it saves directly to your phone!!
So far good but u need to download Enkay47 my favorite artist plz would  be  glad and ill give u all stars hope u do this.
Used to love this app but no longer finds songs I want & if a miracle happens & it does find one, it won't download!
What a app find everything I need the first time there is not that many good apps out there what can do this this fast
It's Very good easy to use and get all the brazilian music that I  like. I recommend it
I love the app. It just takes awhile for some songs to download and alot of ads.
Great App. Would give 5 stars but it doesn't give me all of the music that I want.Would also be a lot better with a "recommended" section.
pretty much useless after this last update.everything just stays at zero.
Would be a great app if every song I downloaded wouldn't tell me in my player that its not supported. Thanks for nothing.
I love this app. It is the best thing for downloading music and other things that I need for projects.
love this app so easy to find my favourite songs...thank you frostbite... am so happy 😁
I like the wide collection of songs. And it is so easy to use. No hassles and you dont have to wait too long to download.
There is only one thing I would like changed and that is could you please add more country artists
I love it so much but it dose not know jeff hardy but its also good cuz it knows the band skillet
Descarga muyyyyyyyyy lento tengo bun internet .y muchos anuncios nada que ver con lime wire
After testing 4 torrent client, this is the only one that let you choose any file you want to download! 👍
It is the sickest (best music) app all time!! I'd put money on it any day.
Best app ever because you can jam out to your music and no wifi needed
I merely have a recommendation and that is that they need to have it to where you can listen to a song before you download it. Other than that its great
I love frostwire and have been using it every day since I found it six years years ago. I've gotten every movie and song I've looked for
It wont let download mutiple songs at once and is very slow, its taking all day to download one song.
This App Is My Choice For Music Torrent Files It Is The All-In-One, The Very Best
I was wondering is this app in the Apple app store?
I use to be able to download my songs, now it won't let you download nothing, and doesn't give you any explanation.
I love it so much the only and I mean ONLY thing I dislike is the fact I can't play the song before I download
What is this app I thought you can download music but you can't do anything on here  terrible app
Best app since showbox! Music and movies and pics just awesome! Great job!!
Yeah I like this app alot
I'll give this app a thumbs up and 4 stars. Has almost all the music you could ask for
This app changed my life its awsome but ther is alot of ads but i still love it
App is great  and finds most  the tracks I'm looking for ! Keep updating   heat job thanks   mj.
Please download this it is the best.(not a robot proof ---&gt;fgdgevDADDY-SREKINATOR%$&1#4)
It keeps opening back up after I exit the app. Please make it stop
Can get anything to download.
Soo happy I came across this app love it Soo much have it on all my devices
Best one to get ringtones on Android! I couldnt find any where i can dowload and use as a ringtone. Only this one.
It used to be the go to for music, now you can't get any to ever download.
This the BEST app ever, I found every song I wanted and some I haven't heard in awhile.
I Love it, it works fine and it is really easy to use yoy can find any song you want
The songs I try to download do not download. App needs a lot of fixing
Everything ive tried has worked. Woukd suggest over any other torrents app. 5 star
This app is great for music and videos. All my friends wonder how I access so much so fast.
I really love e this app, but I think they should add YouTube songs to the app. thanks
It's such a good app to download music easy to use but take a little long to load
Awesome easy it had every sung you can imagined defiant red com bend
You can still listen to the music after the phone has been off
Barely scratching the surface of what this app can do and I already love it.
So far is pretty good and easy to use, it's been a week since I installed frostwire
Easy to use, but sometimes doesn't work. Have to restart to work. Good app for music though
Awesome app needs more underground misic tho.. Give me some boss mac lol
Something is wrong with this music downloader
You can download music and take it any were without internet.
This app Is awesome I just wish you could download songs without wifi
Great app,a lot of music you can't  find anywhere else, fast!!
I like the app and the selection, but I wish the selection was a little bit bigger
Alot of good music u could delete it and still have all ur data
All the music I need in one app. Could not ask for more.
Can't download anything. It says its downloading but it won't actually download.
It has add but its awsome and u can download the ding and listen to it WITHOUT wifi.😃😃😃
Full albums its everything you are looking for in a music downloader
Hey guys how do I view the whole title of the torrent ? And how do I know if the torrent has a virus ?
It got music that u like cool download u could download new movies too thx lord
For the most part; restocked my entire music library.
Need acess to more music. Most of them dont downloaded
The app works great on my galaxy. It's fast, efficient, and free! Love it!
Looked up best artist nothing found horrible music app
Its better than most music apps I like it it is a verrry useful app heheh XD
Its nice cause I like music Kevin gates lil pump lil bravo lil Wayne and so on
Piece is shyt app..... useless
It used to be good back when limewire was still going but it is like a relic from a analogue era
Its a good music app. Would like if you guys could do an update.
I like it cause I can download a lot of stuff
It won't download more than a couple of songs then it won't work for a couple of days please fix
It won't let me download  any music
Love it I got a lot of music I couldn't get from any other music downloaders
Awesome app I can download music or tv or anything I like it's pretty awesome
Best music app for android phones the only music app I use for any phone I  get love it
Make it to u don't have to have internet to download
Works great! Always connected to IPVanish before using the downloader. Piece of mind....
Great app, just wish you could listen to song before downloading it.
I love because it get the best song and the newest to jam to thank you frostwire
Great way to share music.Easy to use,a little slow sometimes.
You can never find anything u are looking for on this app I would never recommend
I love this app it lets you download any music and listen to it anytime you want
Love this app!!! It's very easy to use and has a ton of music to choose from.
Good app. Plenty of songs. Best download app I've used in the age of smart phones.
Great place to find music if you don't mind digging a bit
I used to love it. But now it's seems I can't find nothing with it
Such an amazing app easy to use and has almost any artist and any song.
Best on the market, can't find the music you want anywhere else
I can't find that. Much music but I still can still listen to songs I love
A very distinct app, really makes it easy to download music.
Great app I like how it works and operates keep up the good work
Can find every song from any genre I want.  It's great!!!
I love it but can u add a listening to the music part plz
Great quality music and has most of the songs im looking for and like to download
You can almost download any music you want with no disruption
The BEST app ever you can download music super easy👌👌
Downloaded and couldn't find a single song app is junk keep scrolling
Love it! I can download songs and listen to music. Thanks for this app.
Great app. Easy to use and most useful on long road trips
used the old limewire....find this app similar.
Great app. Has every song or album that I'm looking for
Good ap for music, need good wifi for quicker downloads
Wow best music downloader 5 star⭐ all the way
Works great. Easy to use and give good quality music
It could be better but it's a damn good app frfr
Love it! Here you can ACTUALLY download music for free!
Frostwire is an OG for all of us music fans..... Great transition to app
