K-9 Mail is having trouble when OpenVPN connect is activated. All other apps and web sites work fine. Even when the VPN is then disconnected on LTE the problem persists. Moving next back to WiFi the problem still persists as well. Only a reboot of the phone seems to help.
Actually, it is a very good email app. The new icon totally sucks and the main developer seems to be completely deaf to users feedback about it. Don't be fooled by the icons you see on the Google play page for k9. It isn't showing the new icon. Even if the old icon doesn't come back, the icon needs a different look from what it is now.
Been using K-9 Mail on my phones since my first Android. Brilliant email app, does everything I need flawlessly. Have to agree with all the other users complaining about the new icon though... it is truly truly awful (Sorry to the dev who designed it!). Any chance we can go back to the old, better-looking icon? Other than that, 5/5, would highly recommend (and often do).
Really happy with the app and I've been using it for years. But it keeps losing the contents of draft messages but not the header details. Lost so much time retyping long emails saved as drafts that get wiped out. Grrrr
It's a great very versatile app. The only thing I'm wondering about is it's energy consumption. It does wake the CPU quite little and also data usage is not that high compared to others. Yet it consumes quite some power. Any thoughts?
Installed on my s7 Samsung edge, works well but will not poll automatically, says syncing disabled ????? Not sure why they can not fix it. I filed a trouble ticket online but it was ignored. My guess is they can not figure out the syncing disabled problem. JUST FOUND A POSIBLE FIX ON FORUMS. TRYING NOW .....
UPDATE: Wow, the new icon is garish! I really enjoy K9 Mail, but I keep getting notifications on my Gmail accounts that someone has my passwords. Until I started using this client, I never had a problem. I'm worried because you have to choose less secure settings in Gmail that it makes my accounts vulnerable to attack.
This used to be the best e-mail app for one's phone. However with recent Android OS releases the app stops synching with the IMAP server. I have to frequently "Force Stop" K9-Mail to get it to synch again and
Whenever it matters this is one of the best. If you want total control of your accounts go with this one! It's not one of the prettiest, but it has the power to have you control everything when using IMAP, even if you have to use stink exchange for your work email.
Been using this for over a yeah and loved it. But recent update and it wont stop the circle arrows search for mail. Let it go 16 minutes last time. Have to reboot before it acts normal for a bit. Can you fix?
Push mail has not been working reliably for years, always leading to the error message "Syncing disabled" and tp delayed incoming mail. Why K-9 disables syncing remains unclear. Other email clients, like Thunderbird, do not have any such problem. K-9 also has too many, too complicated settings and some user interface problems. Apart from these problems it is good.
Almost impossible to use this latest version 5.403 Very Laggy, takes long time to schroll down and open message. Problem exists even after I recreated the data. I have been using K9 for the past 4 years with multiple accounts on the same phone without this issue.
SORT THE SYNCHRONISATION OUT. PLEASE. IT IS LITERALLY THE KEY FUNCTION OF AN EMAIL CLIENT -LETTING YOU KNOW YOU HAVE NEW EMAIL. I should not have to manually check. Taking another star off because comments are being ignored. Also, what's with the new - and rather babyish - logo? The original was rather smart. Can we have it back please?
Would be a great app if it still worked. After many years with k9, I finally had to give up on it because of this common, and as yet unaddressed syncing issue. My livelihood revolves around being able to read emails as soon as possible. Blue mail isn't as easy to use for me, but hey, at least it lets me know when I get a new email.
I love this app but lately, polling disables itself at least 50% of the time no matter what I try, and for the past 2 days there's a socket exception when it polls. When are you going to fix these errors?
So I am going to disagree with the majority regarding the icon. It's not great but it is better than the old one. I'm currently trying to set up an Exchange account for my work Office 365 mail. No success so far. Any tips?
How does this app work? I have tried everything including putting a lock on the phone screen, ( which i cannot get rid of). Now it needs something elese to download. But it should have been downloaded when the app was installed!! Either take off the phone lock or make it work! I need this email for my linux. It is in the app store, so why google isn't it working? If not i will uninstall and take that darn lock off my phone
Good app, do the job very well. Found two issues with the app. Don't have swipe action and don't sync spam folder. Why do you need this? Think about the last time you lose an email and where did you find it.
Been using for YEARS, and once again K9 screws up a good program. REPLY to a msg, and it disappears from inbox. And, of course there is not option, so the only option is to upgrade the review, and look for a newer, better app.
[Update] March 2018 and sent folder still useless. Still won't show anything newer than September 2012. Also, encrypted email shows HTML tags rather than rendered HTML. Aside from those, it's a GREAT app. ([Update] It's now January 2017 and sent folder is still 100% useless! Broken for YEARS!) Works great with encryption, but please see how poorly it renders BestBuy deals email and please fix it. Also, sent folder is useless. Only shows email I sent way back in September 2012 (it's now May 2015)
Hey "K-9 Dog Walkers"! Your app *used* to be great. But not any more. Your GitHub Issues are a hot mess of dog s**t! Constantly cross-linking closed issues without a fix promised. Your app also eats my battery! Your app eats draft emails like the proverbial dog eats homework! Uninstalling.
Nice project. Nice implementation of encryption. But its missing the feature of "mail clusters"! There is no contact cluster option, so I have to switch through the folders, scrolling and searching, when I want to follow an older conversation or one where the "reply" button wasn't used. That's very very VERY annoying. And it can't make my notification light blink. It does not need many resources and is open source. These are the only 2 reasons why I have it installed. But using it is slow. Because of the mentioned problems.
Have used this app for a long time and loved it. Now it's not syncing, I don't get notified when new mail arrives, and this morning, all the mail in my folders disappeared. Until this is fixed, it's useless and I'll have to uninstall
I have been using this app for several years and whilst it was good to start with, it's been going rapidly downhill. It's constantly returned server authentication errors, despite the fact the settings are correct and that I'm not having these issues with other apps. I am currently using Gmail as a backup. Chances are, I may look for another email client.
Best e-mail app as it allows me to delete messages directly without putting them into the trash. I hate the new icon though, otherwise I would have given 5 stars, but it sticks so horribly out besides all other icons :)
This has been my go-to email app for 7+ years. Sadly, just today started problems with not pulling emails from the server. Emails are in webmail but most not all are NOT making it to K9. I can send fine as well. It's been 2.5 months, time for an update?
Pretty good email Doesn't update the folder structure so a lot of stuff I don't see, but I could reload I suppose. New icon is awful, like a pixel version of a Lego telly tubby
Puerile icon. Sync issues- force close and restart app and sync starts to work- until it falls over again. This sync issue has been going on for well over a year now, no idea how long. After a while it starts to eat away at you. I'll give it another couple of months and then another star's going. Trouble is- what alternatives exist? I came back to K9 when K10 ceased to be supported. No one listened there either.
K-9 mail still beats the pants off all the other mail clients for Android. As I use Thunderbird on my Linux notebook and Windows desktop, this is the closest thing to "Thunderbird on Android". My only issue is that it still doesn't support S/MIME. If you got that sorted, you'd be getting 5 stars.
After years of sticking with K-9 for the control it gives, I have moved on to a less bleak app. TypeApp has all the controls and more, in a modern interface.
I keep coming back to this app, use it and remember why I am still searching for a good email app. Considering how long email has been around, I'm surprised. CHECK for new email in a given frequency, NOTIFY ME of the new email, rinse, repeat. I hate fighting with this app. It's time to find something that just works.
Brilliant until recently. Now it won't poll the server other than manually which is pointless. I have just with regret, uninstalled it and reverted to the inferior, but working, built in app.
Actually this is a six star app. But until you bring back the old icon it's a four. Come on folks, an ugly icon is an ugly icon.
K-9 is a very feature rich email client and I've been using it for years. Some bugs from time to time but nothing serious and when others have inserted ads, full screen even, K-9 has remained ad free! Lately I'm frustrated with mail syncing not working, probably due to doze but nothing I do seems to help. Issue is still there :(
I've been using this app flawlessly for years. Up until I installed it on my Samsung S7 edge it would have got five stars. However, the "syncing disabled" problem which the developers know about but have not yet fixed renders it just 4 stars meantime. If the bug is not fixed I will have to look for another mail client as one that won't synch (it always did until android 7) is pretty useless. Come on developers we know it's a great app but get it fixed or you will start losing customers in their droves!
My preferred email client because it respects my privacy. But now that ugly ugly new icon on my home screen - YUK. Please developers show some maturity - you got wrong, damaged your branding, and lost the spirit of K9. Time to revert back to the old icon.
Still Broken, no longer receives mail just says "syncing disabled" and there's nowhere to turn it back on. Shouldn't turn off randomly anyway. This app used to ne good and there's no good replacement for it, android just sucks I guess.
I like the app but I don't seen to be able to change the browser it open email links with...maybe I've missed a default setting but I can't find one. Edit..I must have chosen always use...ok when changed default in settings. It will get headers of older emails but no content. So if not saved on phone and I want to view an email I need to use a different app or browser. Quite good on useage of data
Great email app, been using it for years, but the new icon? Absolute rubbish, it looks like it was designed by a 5-year-old, actually a 5-year-old could do a better job I'm sure
Changing this review, as the old one was about the interface change that nearly made me quit using the app a few years ago. Since the last update, K-9 has been draining battery like crazy. I'm beginning to think it may have to do with the app getting stuck trying to refresh IMAP mail when there is a loss of network or network change, like changing from wireless to cellular data. It apparently just churns away. Side note: I can't stand the new icon. The older one was a bit odd and kitschy but it was comfortable and familiar. The battery issue would get any other app a 1 or 2 star rating, but since K-9 is the only app I still use, that I used on my first android, it gets a slight pass (along with hope that it will be fixed.)