Seems to be somewhat unresponsive on my Pixel 2 XL. The top right menu from within a game opens so slowly / choppy. But more concerning is that I have to repeatedly tap on letters for the game to respond. Something definitely going on with how this game works on the new phone.
I haved used this app for years on various tablets and versions of Android OS. It has always worked well for me. I can't see the clues in night mode because the red letters are too blurry for my old eyes. But I don't really need night mode. Still I would love it if there is an option to increase the font size of the clues. Oh, I don't know why I have never been able to get any puzzle from the Washington Post. The NYT, LAT, Newsday, and Universal puzzles keep me plenty busy. I shouldn't really play more (chuckle!).
I still have an issue that I can't download the NYT puzzle, I think because I login to the Times through my Google account, which gives me an error inside of the app. Using the user/pass directly, it seems to login, but a puzzle never downloads for me. Still like the app though. Update the above was user error. Now I know that the basic NYT digital subscription doesn't include the puzzle.
What a disappointment! I used to have this on another device and loved out. I don't know why they ruined it! Navigation is terrible. I have tried many crosswords apps and have not liked many. I was so happy when I found this and then was totally disappointed.
So many bugs. The edges of the app don't work with the Samsung Galaxy S8 so you can't type "p" or "q" or navigate to any box on the far right or left edge
Really good crossword app. My only problem is the only weekly puzzle I get is the Wall Street Journal. I used to get the Washington Post Puzzler and the Chronicle of Higher Education but no more. Did something change?
I love this app! I've been using it for years. Just got a new phone. Samsung galaxy s9. I can't use it anymore. I have to have the enter key on my keyboard. The only keyboard in the game with one is the native keyboard. It does not work. The enter and space respond. Letters do not. Very frustrating. I'll have to uninstall.
It's irritating that typos that I correct as I go are counted as "hint boxes." It ruined my enjoyment of doing a crossword puzzle to the point where I uninstalled the app. I do crossword puzzles for fun, but it isn't fun to have stats like "number of hints" (most of which are typos I immediately corrected but still got dinged for) and "overall time" (this isn't a race) staring me in the face when I finish a puzzle. It just feels like I'm being graded (and graded harshly at that). ADDED 12/9/17: I saw the reply to me, and frankly, turning off the pink boxes isn't what I want--it's the ability to turn off the pop-up statistics message.
Generally it's good. However I'd like there to be an option for entering a word as whole, before you 'enter' it officially. There are many times where I get dinged from having a perfect puzzle because I knew the correct answer, but typed a wrong letter. Usually this is because of the smaller keyboard; my finger hit the letter next to the one I intended to use. Of course, using this whole-word option would mean all boxes may be wrong if you're wrong, and that's fine. In addition, sometimes it enters a letter twice, like a keyboard glitch or something. This doesn't happen often, but enough that this reason also prohibits me from having a perfect puzzle. On a rare occasion the second unintended may be correct, but generally it isn't. Also, once a correct letter is entered, it'd be nice if it couldn't be erased or backspaced over for those times when I have no idea what the word is and have to 'brute force' letters to get the correct answer.
This app is extremely buggy and frustrating. The puzzles are good, however they are not fitted to the screen. You have to tap several times when you want to hop onto the next clue and it doesn't automatically do that for you or skip over letters you already have solved, so most of your time is spent tapping on your screen in frustration. Not sure why I'm being so generous in giving it 2 stars.
Love this app. Have had it for years! The downside is that the words are marked for errors even for a slip up during typing. With these finicky touch keys, you easily getting a "wrong" letter even though it's not your fault! Pleeeeeeeease fix this issue by allotting a time gap between finishing typing and confirming that the word is finalized.....else its really annoying getting dinged for key errors!
If you enjoy crosswords this the best app, period. In my day there was an advertising phase "no one better" that meant you needn't look any further for a product. SHORTYZ, meets the criteria for "none better". You just need it.
Love the app! (Seriously, where can I donate?) But please fix the animated "downloading" icon in the menu bar, it keeps animating even after all downloading is done and only stops when I drag down the menu and swipe it away. A tiny inconvenience for such a great app, though!
Good app, easy to use. Needs a little polish. It would be nice to have new puzzles default to 'Hide Errors', I ruined many a puzzle by starting off with 'Show Errors' turned on by mistake. Also, clue navigation should jump to the next line once one line is done.
This is a good crossword app but I am also having issues getting touch to register on my Pixel 2 XL. It's nearly unusable. It's probably related to the reported problems with side of the screen touch detection on this phone, but in this app it's a problem all over the screen, not just at the sides.
I love this app a lot. A variety of sources and difficulty levels. However, I miss the Chronicle of Higher Ed's Friday puzzles, they've disappeared since the new year. Also, bring back the LA Times Sunday Calendar crossword.
I really like the game, but one issue is that's the automatic fit to screen does not properly scale puzzles on Samsung S8. I always need to go into settings and click fit to screen after opening, or the bottom of puzzle is slightly cut off. I think this is because S8 uses different aspect ratio than most devices? Otherwise, great.
I am also having issues on the Samsung 8+ as well. Any space, buttons (inc setting) near the edge are almost unresponsive. Hopefully fixed in the future as I love this game!
Having a ton of trouble on pixel 2xl getting touch to register. Will have to use another app til this is fixed.
Game no longer works. When you type nothing comes up in the squares. Too bad. Used to be my favourite and now I have to uninstall. :(
Cannot stand the sound ads at the end of a game. You can't play in quiet place like office or library. And, you can't stop it easily
Doesn't fit to screen, unresponsive. Tired of tapping a dozen times every time I want a different clue
Have been playing this on my Moto phones for years with no problems. Just got a Galaxy S8+ and find that the ability to move around the board by touching an open square is now very intermittent (sometimes it works, sometimes it won't respond at all.) Please fix this ASAP.
This app had a brief slump during which issues were not being addressed, but it has picked up again. Every so often, a publisher changes its interface, causing a puzzle download to fail, but the app is usually updated within a week or two.
Formerly a flawless app with unlimited crosswords. But now it's often unresponsive to taps. Reinstall didn't fix. Unusable now.
Clue font size too small on Acer Chromebook. Settings feature to change the font size does not work. Cannot even select "Font Size" before the settings menu disappears.
Once more, I'm having NYT login/download issues. No problem until yesterday. Suggestions?
Touch is very non responsive on my pixel 2xl, which I find shocking. Aside from that, a great app.
Doesn't respond to well on my tablet. Great on my phone. Yeah, I'm nitpicking.
A completely broken app. Unresponsive and slow. I've used this app every day for years. Please fix this soon.
I am getting fewer and fewer puzzles downloaded. Today I got two puzzles. I never get LAT Sunday anymore and what happened to the Chronicle of Higher Education? I never see it anymore. Where is Sunday Newsday? Answers??
Happy to see USA Today puzzle showed back up today. Any idea why it stopped on April 1?
I'd rate 5 if this had a scrollbar on the puzzle list. Please, please add one. Really tired of swipe scrolling to the bottom.
I used to really enjoy this app, but I am only able to download one Sunday crossword anymore - LA Times. Not a bad one, but I miss having 2 or 3 to complete each week.
I've had Shortyz installed for almost 5 years now and it's become almost a nightly routine. There's a good selection of puzzlesand easy sorting options for which you'd like to view.
I loved it till recently. The app will no longer download USA Today puzzle. I don't know why.
Since the latest Android system update, back space no longer functions at all when in a puzzle.
It would be sweet if the user could disable multi-touch zoom altogether.