As I am using this App for more than 8 years, I always like to the keep the  call logs backed up and synced with my google calendar as events. I think  this apps can be improved with few more features like restoring periods and  also syncing the messages to Google calendar as events, but still I love  this App. Hope my suggestion will be considered and will work on it.  Because few other Apps developers providing such feature.
I have used this app for several years and have been really happy with it.  The only glitch I've found is with mms messages. I didn't think it was  backing up my sent pictures at all. It is, but they're under my name  instead of in the same thread as the recipient. Is there a way to fix this?  The app worked perfectly until I switched to the pixel a year and a half ago
a great, super useful app, have been using it for years. does what it's  supposed to do, and i appreciate its reliability. despite its age, have  never thought about looking for another app to provide the same convenient  gmail text backup and integration, hasn't been necessary. was a nice  surprise to see there was a new update, but even without one i'd stick with  and recommend sms backup+.
It would have 5 stars if it would just automatically back up like it did  before the update. It's so frustrating because it doesn't do it like it  used to. Other than that I love the app...wish the picture messages would  go with the phone number like the MMS an sms messages instead of them all  being from me but other than that LOVE it!
I have used this app for many years and it works really well. It  conveniently backs up calls and SMS to a folder in your Gmail. I've done a  restore in the past and that works well too. It recently stopped working  for me after moving to a new phone. I fixed it by going to advanced  settings/backup setting/contacts to backup - in going to a new phone, this  had somehow been wiped so no value was selected. I selected a value and all  is good again. Great app!
Love it. Needed a way to backup all of my SMS messages. Phone was getting  really slow due to so many messages (I don't delete anything) over the  years. Rather than going through them and keeping the good ones, figured  back it up and delete it all. Now they are all in my email fully indexed on  the device that I use more often (my computer). Wish I had done this  earlier.
Transferred my old SMS and MMS from my old phone to my new one via my  Google drive- picture attachments and all. The verizon app that was  supposed to do this worked for my apps (including a few messenger apps) but  it was way too finicky for my SMS and MMS messages. You do have to go into  the backup and restore settings on this app to set what you want. It also  takes several hours for 30,000+ messages.
Used for years. Auto backup hadn't worked for a while. Ok manually even  after latest update. Manual backup of call log started to fail yesterday -  might have been linked to changes around new gmail user interface. Failed  with error that couldn't find Call log gmail folder. Changed to new Calllog  folder name without space and manual backup worked fine and creating new  folder. Auto backup seems ok as well.
Just came in to say that my folks are getting old and my Mom continually  ill. I truly appreciate having an automatic backup so I can go any time in  the future and read our conversations if I were to change my phone. Want to  see backup of voice text messages (audio recordings via sms). I have a  family member who cannot type so we communicate via voice sms. I thought  these were getting backed up too until I checked my gmail storage. This  program has been backing up reliably and the archives have been useful.
It doesn't backup all of my messages but I'm not sure if it's the fault of  the app or T-Mobile. I have Digits and since I've added that I've had this  problem but I also moved to Nougat at the same time.
Up until the latest update on or about 24 April this would have been  5-stars but it doesn't seem to be working any longer. I really feel like it  should be just one-star at the moment but it's been so good up until now. I  am hoping that whatever the problem is that it sorts itself out. If so, I  will add two more stars.
Now got system crash to touchwiz app(home screen) when this app installed,  it only resolved by uninstalling this app. Please help resolve this
Was the best application but now don't work no more good after last  update... I love when sms backup after a minute you received but non seems  don't work anymore because backup every hour or randomly... Please fix
Was a great backup for me see below for why i lowered my rating it's a  shame! Great App for backing up all your calls & Text to go back if someone  says they called or text you can show if they did or not. Great app to  have. Highly recommended! After last update auto back-up is not working I  have to do it myself. Until then this app was great for all my needs I was  hoping that they would correct this I'm going to look for a different app  for my needs if this hasn't been fixed by the end of May 31, 2018
I have used this app fairly happily for years and despite occasional glitches it has mostly gotten the job done. However since the last update it is refusing to back up certain messages (especially the first 6-7 of the day, there doesn't seem to be any pattern).
I have been using (and referring) this app for several years, but noticed  several months ago that it is not automatically syncing any longer. I have  to set a reminder on my calendar to manually go into app and sync it.
I like it. But I always have to do the back up even though I checked to  have it done automatically. And it used to not no more my conversations on  my end. Now is only the other persons conversation not mine too. How can I  add my conversation? Not backup the other person's conversation.
Before the current update it used to save complete messages both mine and  other persons on gmail. Now it only saves the other persons so you lose  track of discussions. Not happy about this.
I've been using this app for years and it's always been good but here  lately is messing up. For some reason it's backing up all the pics I send  to different people under one contacts name. And doesn't back up under the  name is suppose to. All the text are there but the pics are not. Please  tell me how this can be fixed.
An update?! WTH? That's GREAT. Was getting concerned about the app's age.  Update works fantastic! None of the old problems with auto update. AFAIK it  is still the only app that will drop stuff right into native Gmail. Awesome  for searching on history.
Lol.  Let me get this straight: in order to use this app, I have to grant you permission to read all my emails?  Why do you need access to my emails for an app that backs up text messages?  You don't.  It sucks for those who gave you guys permission to creep through their private conversations - they learned nothing from Facebook.
I've relied on this app to do well for a very long time but lately it's  been crashing, not backing up, etc...help
It seems for this app to function correctly so call logs backed up to  calendar you have to have Google calendar installed on phone as doesn't  work with 3rd party calendars...
It backs up to Google account great. RESTORING is the issue. It doesn't  work on Samsung Note 3. Please help fix and I will give 5 stars.
Great app for fire and forget backups! Also very handy if you ever need to  look up an old text as you can utilise the power of Gmail search much more  easily.
The app keeps giving an error and stops backing up messages. I'm not sure  what the point of that is.
This is a great way to ensure you don't lose important text messages even  if your phone dies out. Love it
I've been using this for a while. Would have given it a higher rating  except that now I can only view text messages that I sent! All text  messages received are now gone!!!! 😡
I have been using this app for more than five years. When I change my phone  I have to restore the whole lot of SMS stored for years in my Gmail. Rather  it would be nice if I could restore only what I need. Say for a couple of  months before. Thanks
Auto backup not working with the application, else application is good
I've used this app for years, from the early years of Android adoption and  it does exactly as stated. It's a no fuss workhorse that just gets on with  it in the background and keeps a backup of your messages. Perfect.
Absolutely awesome app. Makes changing phones so much less painful. Thanks.  Really appreciate your work.
Why does the app only back up msg to August 2017? My recent texts are not  transferred
Excellent app for back up of sms, mms and calls in gmail as a separate  folder, which I used for more than five years
This app is good but auto backup option is not working in Xiomi phone.
It's been great, but it no longer connects to my Gmail account. Apparently  it hasn't since last November.
My go-to sms backup. Never fails me and provides permanent searchable sms  history right in my Gmail archive!
Eight year user. Set it up, forgot about it, but when I need it, it's there  with the backup, searchable in gmail. A basic, useful & efficient tool.
Gotta give this five stars now auto backup works. Great app, does the job  and does it well!
Useful app but it doesn't backup automatically at the moment - I have to  run it manually
No fuss backup of your SMS. Can take a bit of tweaking to set up, but at  that, it just works in the background like a charm.
There is NO ICON in my phone. My phone is Oppo Neo 7 (A33w)
It's helpful then others but need to improve more layout and coding should  be more innovative and organized
Messages prior to November 2017 are not backedup..please resolve the issue  or suggest any solution.
Love the new design. Great work!
3 stars. Its got cancelled while restoring sms. Canot restore my all sms.
This is a great app. The auto backup now works! Very happy with the app.
If you like your privacy do not install this app.
Greate app. Backup and Restore very easy
Great app. Unbeatable! Kudos to the developer.
This is b.s. that it won't auto back up. I have used this app for over 3 yrs. The best I have ever seen for backups. Through out my many phones I had no issue. I got the LG V20 and just like everyone else who has this phone, no auto backup. Me thinking it been working these past few months without worry is a lie. Lost countless messages and pictures. Currently looking for another app that will do auto backup. This app is not worth the memories lost.
I love this program and have used it for years. The only issue I have is when it updates, if you don't catch that it has, It will stop backing up your messages till you open the app and allow it access to your gmail again. The last time this happened to me I was looking for an address I forgot to write down and realized that my messages hadn't been stored for over 6 months. Other than that the app performs exactly as states.
Does a great job of backing up SMS & call logs to your email and has the ability to restore. Very handy for those that love Google Messenger because it has no backup options of its own outside of your phone service. SMS Backup+ works. The only downfall and why I give it 4 stars is because it can't backup MMS yet. It's in the works so if it isn't a major concern for you, I recommend this app.
1. install 2. open 3. connect google account 4.hit backup 5.  DON'T SELECT SKIP!!!! SELECT BACKUP OR YOU NEED TO REINSTALL FOR FIRST TIME BACKUP!!    That said...it brilliantly saves your sms/mms to a separate SMS folder in your google mail, and each message with attachement is saved as an e-mail style thread. So nicely done!....But i recommend starting it from a WIFI network since it can take a LOOOONG time for first synch!
This is probably one of the greatest app I have, hands down. I love being able to delete texts off my phone for privacy, space, and speed. I didn't think it would restore everything with the actual time stamps and attachments either, but it does exactly that! Thank you so much for this application. Highly recommended!  PS - This is my first Android store app review. And I'm glad this app got it.
I started using this app when I started having problems with a previous employer as a way to cover my rear. It had proven to be even more useful for those sweet texts I get from my love among other things and keeps my phone memory higher and run smoother because I don't have a message thread full of texts I dont want to delete!
Does all its work in the background. Never bothers you and it's indispensable! But now I unfortunately hesitantly need to. Take away the five star rating. When restoring sms an option should be given to how many or which sms to restore. Most people have tens of thousands of sms saved. It's takes for ever to restore them all and most people won't need all. Keep up the good work!
What good is it to have the option to backup mms if you can't restore them? It constantly says that feature isn't available yet. Will it ever be available!?! I've been seeing that message there for a long time with no  sign that it'll actually ever be made available. So why even have that? I thought I had backed up everything but when I went to restore, some very important pictures were missing from my messages because the mms restore feature doesn't work!
OMG what a lifesaver! Samsung S3 to Note 4, nothing else worked. Not AT&T's transfer tool, not Samsung's Smart Switch, but this app worked flawlessly the first time without a hitch. Just install the app on both devices and hit "Backup"... you'll be prompted what to do from there.   Very fast and efficient, backed up all my contacts, phone logs, and SMS messages. Just perfect, I cannot thank you enough for this fantastic tool.
I love this app. While I have never bothered to attempt to restore a backup, the automatic backup feature is awesome. Easy to review past SMS in my mailbox.   If you are finding that the auto backup isn't automatic, please ensure that you have turned off battery optimization for this app. When my OS upgraded itself, the auto backup stopped working until I figured this out. There were several different services listed as SMS Backup+ under battery optimization - I simply disabled optimization for all.
its very useful app by backing up our msg and call logs. its interesting to see in our mail box and can we find any saved number for our reference later. but tool should have one more option when it backed up, removed from the mobile the original or it could be a optional paramater if user desires it can enable
Have been using this app frequently and noticed now that it crashes whenever it tries to backup. I think its because i have so many texts but ive used on phones that have over 9000 texts before and it worked fine?? Any help? My google drive has plenty of space and i dont have more than 6k texts...
I've been using this app for years. However, when trying to only backup a specific group, such as "starred in android" it will only back up my sent messages and not those of the sender. The only way to get both halves of the conversation is to back up form "everybody" then I have to go in to gmail and delete those I don't want. It IS the only app I have found that accurately backs up in Gmail in a format that is readable.
This app used to work perfectly for automatically backing up my texts to email.  However, it's been quite a while now that the app no longer works automatically according to the set schedule.  It only works if I manually kick it off.  I've tweaked settings and reinstalled it to no avail.
One issue I see is the way it formats messages for Gmail.  If a person is in my contacts with an email address, the phone number they texted from is buried in an X-header.  Makes it hard to look for texts by phone number since Gmail doesn't allow filtering by headers.  Would be nice to have the number included in the subject line.   Still, a good app!
Been using this app since my first Motorola Droid 1 & hardly any hiccups in over 5 years. Excellent way to organize and see my SMS messages and call logs within my gmail folders. BTW this is not the fastest way to backup there are faster apps but it's a fail safe app that takes up little space, memory and is reliable.
I used to love this app for its relative simplicity and flexibility, but as others have mentioned the automatic backup hasn't worked well for quite some time now. New entries in the call log never trigger an automatic backup nor does sending or receiving a text message. I've also noticed that MMS messages I send get backed up with my email address being in both the From and To fields, losing the actual recipient's name/number.
Nice app overall, but when backing up MMS it doesn't properly handle group conversations. For example, I'm messaging person 1 and person 2 together, and when I view the backup in Gmail, replies from person 1 show up in one thread and replies from person 2 are in another. Proper archives of group MMS conversations would be really nice because those are the conversations I'm most likely to want to delete from my phone (it lags when opening a long group MMS thread).
Update: Dev seems to have abandoned this app a long time ago. Auto backups aren't reliable anymore, and they'll stop without you noticing it. Make sure to manually back up every few days just in case.   Been using this app for years. After connecting your Gmail account, it syncs all SMS to a "SMS" folder in your Gmail account. Seamless, easy, and reliable.
I used to rate this 5 stars but over the last several months and across 2  different phones it does not back up like it is supposed to. It's set for  almost constant back up (quickest settings available) but I'll check every  few days any it'll say it's been days since I manually backed up. Wifi  option turned off so no reason why it shouldn't do its job.
Updated 11/24/2015: Still the best product to backup your text message and call log. Update 12/29/2014: Still the best. I have also used this product to speed up phones of friends, as they have too many txt msgs taking up space. Backs up all my text messages and call log so I don't have to worry about keeping them on the phone. I have a job where I am dispatched via text message so having a history backed up is wonderful! I recommend this to everyone.
The call log on the LG G5 is not backing up correct.  It only seams to backup what/when it wants.  An option for a selected date range restore would be helpful.  It would be cool only restore a day's worth of messages if using sim in multiple devices.  When I switch phone I could just restore the messages I missed.   Thanks for your continued development.
The way that this app backs up texts is quite a bit different than the other apps, requiring a special mailbox to be set up inside your Gmail for the text files to be backed up to, which is slower than just compiling everything into one spreadsheet that the app usually reads back from... But at the same time, it makes cloud integration easy and painless.
Great app, thank you very much!  Auto-archives all your text msgs & call logs into your Gmail acct. Texts lumped together so need to search by person, words, or dates, unless want to browse thru long groups of conversations w each person. But does job perfectly - don't have to think about or worry you lost something if you delete a text, provided you set the auto backup for frequently enough. You can also open the app and manually back up msgs you wanna delete right away.
Doesnt back up anymore. Whats going on? Used to work wonderfully....update.....ya know...all i want to do is save sum memories...its been almost 6 months since it last worked. I have emailed u with no response. Today i have to erase some txts because there are too many n my phone...for that thread anyway...is not working properly. Thanks alot.                     UPDATE....DELETING.
App went from 5 stars to 1.  It used to work great but more, don't bother. I have had this app for quite some time on four different phones.  It Auto backs up for a short while and then quits.  A fix has been promised for many months now, but nothing...  Guess they're not trying very hard.
I like this app. I used it before & just recently reinstalled it. My only issue with it is that only incoming text messages are backed up & not outgoing ones. I'm not sure why. If there's a solution to this I'd love to know what it is. As of today 4/14/16 I'm changing my rating because I never received a response to any emails I sent to Jan asking for assistance. I'm not very tech savy & even though I read the FAQ's I still can't figure out why it isn't working.
This was recommended by Motorola and i have to agree. Transferred my SMS and call log perfectly back to my new phone. Auto back up feature is great too. My screen was broken so I couldn't use Migrate, but this puts everything on the cloud in your Google account and enabled me to restore everything. Only problem, Tried to donate but it wouldn't open.
This app is fantastic. I just wish it would backup group chats properly, instead of scattering the messages across different threads depending on the author (and MMS restore would be great too). If it did that, I couldn't imagine a better SMS/MMS backup app if Google made it themselves!
Love this app!! Love love love.                  I have always loved this app but now for some reason it's stopped working won't backup at all... Having to uninstall this app after over a year it's just stopped working.. Uninstalled for a while recently reinstalled works great again thankfully hopefully it lasts
I love this app! when I got my first android phone over a decade ago,this was the only app that was able to backup sms and mms automatically. since then, it's only gotten better! I can save all my calls to a specific calendar, and it also keeps a beck up of all my contacts. it's just a brilliant app that does everything it says it does and more! I definitely recommend it!!
Have used app for years and have been very pleased. Love that I can delete messages from my phone but always have them saved in case needed. However, app quit backing up my sent text/sms messages months ago & I did not realize it. Hoping there is a fix to this.
Awesome app. Has saved my bacon through a few phone changes now. I Also love searching my SMS in Gmail. Restore operations could be a bit smoother / faster, or give me the option to ignore texts from 3 years ago, but that's super minor compared to the headaches it has saved!!
Well I finally got a chance to test out this app's restore feature when I switched to a new phone recently.  I don't know what people are complaining about... If you can't remember to back up,  set a reminder for yourself in your to do list.  I have a reminder to backup  every few weeks and it works fine.  Jeez people.  The app was seemless as far as putting messages and call logs onto my new phone.  It looks exactly like my old phone was. Thanks to the creator of this app!
please help.. After 4 years this has stopped working on my device. The last date it restored to my gmail is 07/07/2016. if I try and back up it pretends to restore but never links   .I t has been a fab app until now and i need itto be again.  1* because of the issues I am having and the developer not contacting me back
I use this app whenever I get a bit antsy and need to flash a new ROM on a new phone. It perfectly backs up all my texts without any trouble. I've used this app for years now and I'm still a fan! Thanks to the dev for building such an useful and easy app!
Besides rare instances when I can't restore, this app performs flawlessly. Been using it for years! And it allows people like me (basically a hoarder) to charge phones without fear of losing any texts. The auto backup to Gmail is the best!
Why did it stop backing up my sent SMS's after August 12th?  This is the second time this has happened in a year.  Last time, I reinstalled the app and it started working again, but this time it's not.  I had auto update turned on all this time.  I've had this current phone since December 2015.
I love this app, have been using it for 5 years now, and while it's a very simple design, it helped me with a court case against my ex who was stalking me.  I decided today to restore my messages, however I discovered that you're unable to select a time period for restoring messages, or have an option to choose select conversations that you want to restore. Would love to see that implemented in the future, otherwise, keep it going strong. Love this app. Strongly recommend.
Tried this to transfer SMS data from old phone to new phone. Both backup and restore functions took FOREVER to complete and then was missing most recent 6 months of data. Deleted it all and tried a second time. Same issue. SMS Backup and Restore app worked like a charm the first time. Don't bother with this one!
Been looking for a way to transfer my sms & call logs from my old samsung pocket galaxy to my new note 5. I really thought there was no hope since my former phone has little memory to install apps. I tried others. It will just ask you to install more apps, do complicated steps that will make you quit halfway. Just install this on both phones then use a gmail account to back up from the old phone then restore sms & call logs on the new phone using the same gmail! This deserves 10 stars ;)
Don't really care about restoring previously  texts messages onto my phone when I get a new phone. What I am chuffed about is having them in my Gmail where they can be read just as easily as in an sms app. Presume they will remain archived here indefinitely so full marks on this app.
The automatic back up feature on this tool isn't working at all and it's selectively choosing messages to back up. In 1 conversation of 100 messages it backs up the incoming texts but maybe 1 or 2 of my own texts. Can't even read a full conversation with 1 friend. Needs serious work!
I never finished setting it up. I dont want it to email the backups to my gmail address. Simply store them on an SD card.would be great. That would be a really cool feature because I shouldnt need to uploaded and then download it back to keep a local copy.
Used to work great. Has not backed up anything since Oct 2015. WTH? I've tried two other SMS backups to Gmail also, nothing working. Yes, I have IMAP turned on in Gmail. Can ANYONE come up with a solution????? This is BS, it's data, we should be able to back it up and get to it!
It backs up MMS, it doesn't restore it. Huge negative for me. SMS feature seems to work fine though. Only backs up in sets of 100 for me (even though I have it set to "All"). Haven't tried restoring SMS but atleast has the option. Also, not seeing anything like images or the vast amount if emojis supported on Android on Gmail. Not huge, but maybe important to some people.
Since 2012, I have installed this application on my phone and my mother's phone and I promise and guarantee you that you will not be disappointed! It has all my text messages and multimedia messages and call logs saved on my Gmail account! It's truly is amazing, I make sure all my settings are saved correctly and literally all my messages get saved. I have no worry about ever losing them. Thank you, Jan Berkel! You have designed this application as user-friendly and just an amazing application overall! Thank you!
I dont know what happened to this app. I used it to backup my sms, call log and photos but it just do sms! I lost my phone at the time when this app didnt back up my photos. So ive lost 3 months worth. I haventyet found another app that backup and store my stuff without csv in zip folders.
This App has been great for a couple years that I've used it. However, I just realised after I switched to the Samsung GS7 that it no longer backs up outgoing messages (or backs up very few), but backs up all incoming messages. If that's fixed it will get a higher review. Otherwise a very intuitive app.
My mother passed away and it really helps and brings me comfort to see the original text messages that she sent me before she passed. I don't care about any other messages but hers in its original form, so thank you for helping me thur this difficult time.
I've had this app for years. Recently, I discovered that it won't automatically backup anything. I have no idea how long this has been going on, but I'm sure I've lost a lot of important messages, because I naively thought this app was supposed to do what it states it does. If you fix the app, I'd be happy to change my rating.
Feature request: have option to restore only the most recent X amount or to only restore from the last Y time period. E.g. Only restore last 100 messages, or messages from the last 2 months. I have thousands backed up but don't need them all when I setup my new phone.
Used to be good. Now it's absolute crap. I made sure I had an up-to-date backup and then reset my phone to factory, only to find out that this app restores only sms that are about 2 years old and no phone log. Useless and made me lose important data I now need and don't have.
This app is going to be my go-to sms backup app whenever I need to move messages to a new phone!  It works just as you would expect it to, and it is super simple.  I ran into issues with not seeing the messages once I restored them, but it turns out with some messaging apps (I use Textra Pro) you have to refresh the app/database for them to appear.
this app is mediocre,  it works alright nut only records approximately 80% of all messages.   Unfortunately it's the 20% of messages that don't het recorded that I seem to always need.....missing whole days for some contacts.  I want 100% backup 100% of the time.  I don't care about the call log backup. not sure why anyone would need that.   Better accuracy,  phone recorder and voice recorder would make this app perfect.
I don't know what everyone is racing about. It took several hours to back up my messages but they didn't go anywhere. They are not in my gmail. The timestamp on the call says my last update was Feb 17, I downloaded this app in August. I'm deleting and will find another app.
It still works, but I keep getting an Error 10 after it backs up 1-25 or so messages. I have to keep hitting the backup button. At least it starts where it left off. Very tedious having to babysit it for 2 hours while it does it's job. Used to be great.
I used to love this app. It's one of those "set it, and forget it" ones.  BUT I'm having sync issues lately. The app doesn't always sync automatically, and I need to do it manually. It's annoying, because I usually notice that this happened when I'm searching for some call log info and need it then and there.
I have been using this app for years, and found it to be reliable and very easy to use. I only have one minor complaint that kept it from receiving 5 stars. Outgoing messages can be backed up after 1 minute, but the shortest amount of time available for backing up incoming messages is 30 minutes. I'd like for both incoming and outgoing messages to be backed up as soon as possible.
This app was great but now it has stopped restoring. The backup log indicates messages have been backed up, but when I choose restore it doesn't move past "calculating". Any help will be appreciated
This app is pretty much the best.  When you get a new Android, all the apps and things pretty much set themselves up, and most of your data is in the cloud.  I didn't need a full backup and recovery system, I just wanted my SMS messages.  And this app delivers.  Super easy to use, too.
4 stars for minor hiccups in restoring messages  This app does backups perfectly. It also gives you the ability to search for previous sms using Gmail. For those who are having issues with long processing times, there is a workaround. The app goes through your entire sms backup in Gmail before restoring the messages. Therefore, reducing the online backup folder size will also reduce the processing time. My tip is opening Gmail and move all your SMS threads to a new label. Then, go to the new label and choose only the threads you want to restore and move them back to the SMS label.
I can't speak for the auto backup as I have just installed it, but that feature isn't super important to me. I have backed up all my texts, including ones from my first interactions with my crush (my main reason for installing). Great for nostalgic use or important business texts
403. That’s an error.  Error: disallowed_useragent  This user-agent is not permitted to make an OAuth authorization request to Google as it is classified as an embedded user-agent (also known as a web-view). Per our policy, only browsers are permitted to make authorization requests to Google. We offer several libraries and samples for native apps to perform authorization requests in the browser.
I keep trying to backup my SMS messages and it will never go past about 1,500.  I have gone and deleted the really old ones thinking that maybe there were too many, but that didn't help.  I have tried everything but it simply won't backup anything that's happen since May of 2015.  I am trying to back them all up (to  my gmail account) so that I can delete them all off my phone but still have a search-able record of them...
**Update March 8, 2016 - Issues with the app not automatically backing up messages seemed to be fixed for a while but the app now no longer works.  **Apr 28, 2015 - Used to love it... but it stopped working at some point. It's not backing up new messages and the last message backed up was weeks ago and it insists there's nothing to backup despite the fact that there are easily thousands of messages that need backing up.
Had to move to anew phone and the restore worked flawlessly for text but not pictures. However, photos are stored in my email now. Wish I had this app a few years ago when my message app crapped out and I lost all my spouse's texts. Really happy with this app.
I changed my email password. Now, of course, it cannot connect, but there's no option to change the password. Uninstalling and reinstalling does not work. Now, I'm going to have to go to another app since even starting a new Gmail account wouldn't help, as there's not an option to change the email address either.
Can't imagine life without this app. So easy to retain text messages long term. I'm on 24/7 on call - there are times that I need to refer back to coworker messages to resolve issues. Never would have been possible without this app.
Now that I need it to work, it's only restored a month worth of messages.  Disappointed.  I gave it 3 stars because it's a good program, but not doing what it says and having no help files is a huge let down.
As simple or configurable as you need it to be. Set it up once and it does the job well. I use it to archive all my SMS and calls to my gmail so I can search all email and SMS together.  Has also been very useful when I switch phones. I can restore my call logs and SMS messages if required.
Used to do SMS/MMS/call log back-ups to Gmail just fine. BUT... going from LG Flex G2 to Galaxy S8+, it's only incoming texts that get backed up. (Yes, already went through the settings too.)
Question, I want to give you 5 stars but for some reason I have to manually run the backups every couple of days which is fine but I would prefer it does it as set, 1 minute after arrival. Any thoughts on why it's not running automatically?
I've had this app for several years and its worked fine no problem. But for the last few months it keeps stopping or losing host connection. I haven't changed anything in my phone so I dont know why this is happening. Its getting on my nerves.
This very nice app it did just perfect job. I was able to transfer all my messages first as a backup later restor on my phone . Those who r complaining .what u do first install app on both new and old phone then back up ur messages on the old fon thru ur google account then later use the app on ur new phone to restore thats all n remeber to reset to default messge apps. Thanks to the developers of this app !!!
For my most important contact and two others, only my side of the conversation was saved. Another contact wasn't saved at all. Ridiculous because I trusted this app would do what it advertised, not only 20% of the time. Plus, it took forever to do a terrible job. I had to wipe my phone and lost some very important information. Thanks a lot.
Yes, it backs up but one main critical thing it is missing is the timestamp from the original message.  Yes you get the messages back but you can't see when it was originally sent.  I'm using this app in my divorce to record my ex wife's texts to me, I would be nice if there was a time stamp so I can show when I received a message.
Can I back up my texts remotely? I have my new replacement phone but the texts are on the broken shattered phone which was broken from a very violent assault. Any and all assistance would be great whether I use a computer  or  my samsung 5 active phone. Please help as soon as possi.ble. Thank you again
Update: For some reason, the app has now forgotten how to connect to gmail to back up the messages. So it isn't backing up automatically. It seems that it's no longer "set it and forget it". Still like the app, but reducing the rating by 1 star.  End Update.  Love this app. Set it and forget it.
VERY FRUSTRATED!! Have used this app for YEARS and it worked great....then all the sudden..a few weeks ago it said there was nothing to back up....when in fact I had 3 days of txt to backup. I emailed for help and got No response....I tried to start over and it backed up only the incoming txts and not my response and now it's doing the same thing....telling me I have nothing to back up....when I have a plenty to back up.
I see a lot of comments about it not backing up properly after the initial backup or more recently it just stopped. Well I can tell you, it isn't the app, it is Andriod who has caused it to stop working. Go to battery and click advanced. The battery optimization has it idled if you haven't used it in 3 days. So you have to change it to never, so it won't idle the app and it will continue to backup when it's supposed to!
This used too work fantastic but it hasn't updated since February. I keep trying and it fails. Am I doing something wrong?    ***update: figured out it disconnected from my email. But for some reason I was unable to reconnect it to my email until I hit the Wi-Fi only button. The option to reconnect to my email wasn't even there until I clicked that button. I would suggest making that easier or clearer to find....
Once backed up I see the sms and mms, but not the multimedia pictures in the text? It claims to save them but I have yet to find it..
I have used this app successfully  for a few yrs now. The only problem I have had during that time is that it won't restore sms to my phone. I have used it on all my Samsung Galaxy series starting with the S3 to my current S6 model. So that part has been a minor disappointment.
I have been using this app for a couple of years does everything you need it to.  Beware I've noticed with all apps of this type.  After updating the app it stops working you ha e to go back to open it up and manually back up the first time.   Which is annoying! I had 2 months worth of text to back up this last time.
App used to backup within at least an hour,  now it seems to be talking two days before I see messages /calls!  Not impressed with that:( Otherwise,  it's a great app!  Just need to get back on track!
Used it for years, it was a good one.. But now it has stopped backing up my messages. It never backs up call logs though. I would give 6 stars if you guys would please check out why it has stopped backing up automatically.
I recently changed networks abd from a Galaxy S2 to a S4 and untill now all my texts were being saved. I have it set to save one number and its still only saving outgoing texts. Update, app is working again...yay!!!!
Had some issues to work out for a short time there, but haven't had any problems for several weeks now. Does exactly what it says... If you follow the directions. Very pleased and thankful to feel tech secure. Thank you!!
Kept asking me to enable IMAP but it has never been switched off. Just realised it hasn't backed up since Jan 2015.  Update: Since I upgraded my phone to Lollipop and now Marshmallow, the phone asked for reauthentication authorisation which only showed up on the notification bar. And I have missed that. Now that I have granted the permission, the app is backing up properly.
Have needed to recover my texts several times when resetting my phone. Worked perfectly each time. This is one of the standard apps I install to keep me backed up. I have been using it for at least a couple of years now.
Works exactly as advertised. s7 gives a warning sometimes that it is a bit heavy on battery usage, but I think that's only when it's backing something up and that can be scheduled at different intervals. I do it frequently, so it makes sense that it drains battery a little more. One of my favorite apps.
The app used to worked great, however I am now having a problem restoring my messages. They all get backed up into my GMAIL, but when restoring, not all messages in threads are restored. Instead, it restores only the last message in a particular thread. Can this somehow be fixed? Have I done something wrong in the settings? Any help would be much appreciated! Thanks.
It sends all the texts to my email just fine but they are all out of order and you can't peice them back together. So you have a bunch of broken conversations
The best. I've tried many other backup apps but this one is the best because it simply synchronize with Gmail, allowing me to search for SMS and Calls directly on Gmail on my desktop. Very practical. The only problem is that if I change the system language it backups everything from scratch, creating duplicate entries for each SMS or call: one for each language. Please fix this. Also, recently I have to do manual backups since it doesn't work automatically.
Just got a new phone, hit backup. Restored on the new phone and all my messages are from 6 months  to a year ago. I went back to my old phone to restart the process again. Nothing was updated, still old text messages. Also, this same thing happened to me about 3 years ago when I switched phones.
I counted on this app with previous versions of Android. I have a lot of backed up files it works for that. Problem is, it won't restore them in Android 6. It says it needs to change the permissions in the default app, which it does. But then it just crashes and reboot the phone. No restore ever happens. So using the app is half useless. What good is a backup app that won't restore?
Great when it worked. But auto-backup has been broken for ages now (moving the app to internal storage didn't help), so I need to remember to manually trigger it every few weeks. 5-star app when auto-backup was working
Used this app to backup SMS messages from my old phone when switching phones, however when I tried to restore from my new phone it deleted all of the messages on my new phone (which of course hadn't been backed up yet). So end result is I have a backup of my oldest messages in my Gmail, but my most recent, more important messages are gone. Crappy app!
My new fav app! I just backed up 32,079 sentimental sms's! Thankyou thankyou! Totally in love with my new 'SMS' folder in Gmail. I have been easily reading through old convos and reminiscing. Very happy. :)
I have used this app for years on Galaxy S5 & S6 with no issues and loved it. Now I 've had to change my rating from 5* to 1* until they fix these issues in encountering since loading it on my S8. And, yes, I've double checked all of my settings. It only backs up msgs when I manually start it. And, now it has recently stopped backing up my own messages in the conversation thread. This is absolutely ridiculous that it would only backup half the conversation.
This app does not back up outgoing messages along with the received messages any more, very disappointing. Was perfect until this changed.  I have emailed Jan twice and never received a response. Giving 2 stars due to the change and lack of support.
Used to work really well, not any more! For some reason it stopped auto backing up ages ago. Tried manually and still no joy. Reinstalled, still no joy. Emailed devs, still no joy, guess they have other priorities! Time to find another app.
I just noticed today my texts haven't been backed up since September. I get a "XOAuthentication error". It says Idle in green. My Gmail is set for IMAP...help!!
This is one of those apps that I installed ages ago and forgot all about. Yet while I forgot about it, it still ran in the background chugging along backing up all my messages and today when I went to go check on it after using the app for about a year it was still running, still backing up, still working. It never nagged me once. Never popped up annoying notifications. It just did its job.
As I was preparing to do a factory wipe I opened SMS Backup+ and verfied that everything was backed up and current.  I even went so far as to manually hit backup to make sure.  It told me there was nothing needing backed up, all was current. So after wiping phone I come to restore data and NOW it says last backed up June 2015.... so nearly a full year lost.  Pathetic.   Do not trust this app.
There is a small drawback with tha app. Earlier both sent and received messages are backed up in gmail, but from last few days it back ups only sent messages. No incoming messages are backing up. Pls give me a valid answer
The integration with Google saves a lot of headaches with backing up call logs and sms/mms messages.  I'm always trying new ROMS and got tired of using apps that saved messages to flat files.  Saving to Google account is priceless, plus I can search sms/mms within Gmail app or on desktop pc
This is a great app for backing up all SMS messages and call logs. But it is not backing up MMS nor is the auto back working. This is despite having auto backup set to 30mins, yet nothing was backed up for several days until I did it manually. This app used to work flawlessly up to about 6 months ago but now it's almost a joke.
Have used this for many years without issue to back up all texts and call logs into Gmail, which worked very well. However recently every time i have texts out and about, it fails to back them up at some point throwing up a connection error. As such i am looking for alternatives
I tried to back up and restore my messages several times but it would constantly freeze in the middle of backup. Furthermore, the auto backup that I had setup never worked so when my phone crashed I lost my text messages.
SMS Backup+ has been my go to backup app for years. I'm using it on my latest Android phone a Galaxy S7 Edge, OS 7.0 and it has yet to fail me. Everyone should donate. Totally worth it! No other backup app has worked as easily and efficiently as this one.
Sort of works ok but restored SMS conversations have been divided into two threads per contact; one thread for messages sent and another for received. Looks messy and it's impossible to follow old conversations.   Exactly the same issue as a rival app!
App is now worthless, doesnt do anything automatically.  It used to work great but for the last year, the backup isn't automatic. The FAQ has been promosing to fix the problem in next version (1.6). Surprised it's taking a year to fix! Running the latest version of Android on Galaxy Note 8.
This is the perfect app for me. No big backup files, only mails, and Google even tells me future events by reading those backed-up messages! Lots of useful options too. I simply love it.😍
This app is crap. I had 15K messages, that the app stated were backed up, providing the exact number of messages saved, but when I reset my phone and tried to restore them, I lost 10K (the most recent ones, which are the most important ones). The earliest one I have now is from over a year ago. What's the point of this app if it won't do the one thing it is meant to do reliably? Don't take a chance. I regret it, and have lost very important information because if this crappy (not to be too offensive, but I wanted to say a word that starts with F...) app.
Great app overall just one problem it doesn't seem to be work right anymore I have it set for auto backup 30min.s regular and 1 min. For incoming most of the time it doesn't seem to get my text at all sometimes it takes days before it even gets anything. I know most of the texts are in my inbox for hours and it doesn't back them up.
this app installed on my phone since my first android and I really hadn't any problems with it. The only feature I want to ask developers to implement is blacklisting of contacts. I have some contacts with automatic messages from monitoring, that I don't need to save, and want to skip them.
Messages with the label SMS only appear when you click on that label from the list - they will NOT display among all other messages in the "general" inbox, no matter if you change the settings to do so. Not very good as initially I'd thought the sync failed. Overall good to know it worked though.
Not automatically backing up Realized today that it hasn't backed up my text messages in 4 weeks, went to back up but it wants to back up ALL messages, not just the past 4 weeks. Currently 5 hours in and only backed up 3100 texts. I've looked and looked but don't see an option to back up since last update.  Will be looking into other apps
Hasn't backed up call logs in forever. Constantly getting error messages when I try manually. Sadly, I don't think this apps been updated in over a year. It's dead. Uninstalled & now looking for something else.
I've been used this app for long time, it stops even before completing 5% of backup. I've tried different settings and times for backup but everything fails. The automatic back-up never run, it shows error notification at the scheduled time..
It frequently gets stopped and I don't know where has it backed up my messages? If it has backed up my messages in Google drive then there would certainly be a folder but there isn't. I'm confused that if I reset the phone I might lose all my messages. Kindly tell me where does it store messages so that I may erase my phone's data without any worry and can restore all of my messages to my phone.
I have back up the messages with this app . and all of a sudden I have to reset the phone . but a week back sudden this app was removed I was very worried . I don't want to use other app for back up call logs and messages . but today I am very happy to see this app back . thanks jberkel
This backup utility is completely useless. What it basically does is it emails each and every one of your SMS messages to your Gmail account. So if you have thousands of SMS messages like I do you'll have that many emails in your Gmail account. if you delete them then it won't be able to restore them anymore. It also deletes the SMS from your messaging system so to still have them on your phone you have to do a restore after you do a backup and I didn't see a setting in the app that lets you keep them on your phone instead of deleting them.
I download this app and it will not connect with host/gmail. I have enable the IMAP but it still does not connect.  Gmail shows SMS Backup+  Why am I/ my phone unable to connect?
Use to work great on my older phone. I got a samsung s7 edge and it WILL NOT back up automatically to my gmail anymore. I have to tell it to manually which is a pain because i hate a full in box so delete things frequently. I try to wait a few days to give it a chance. Its July 10th and the last time it backed up was june 6th, when i told it to. Please fix this issue, defeats the purpose of having an app to automatically backup if it doesn't do its job unless forced.
11-23-17 It's been 10 days since auto backup. I have it scheduled every 30 minutes. ... I just did a backup. Last time of backup is wrong. It show that the backup was done 7 hours earlier.  12-17-17. Last backup was 12-06-17. Scheduling doesn't work. Ghost touch deleted a very important conversation. NO RECOVERY POSSIBLE.  I get the impression this software is no longer supported.
I have had this app for years and it's been great but lately it is not working at all. It immediately stops backing up when the screen turns off. So I have to keep backing things up 5 messages at a time out of thousands. Or let my screen on for hours which is not ideal. I've never had this problem before but lately it is making me want to download another backup app that actually works
I was using app for restoring msgs. The default msg app was set to sms backup+. In restoring period of around 2hrs I realized that I got a few imp msgs. However when I logged out of app I couldn't see any of those msg. It will be nice to hear from you where I can get those msgs?
This app hasn't been updated in over a year. I wonder if the developers are even listening anymore. I have used and loved SMS Backup+ for years, but since installing it on my HTC One M9 running Android 6.0, it isn't working correctly. First, it wouldn't restore all of my old messages. Fine, they're still stored in Gmail. Not a huge deal. But now the process of even backing them up has become rife with bugs. It crashes almost constantly during automated backups. I have to run it manually every so often to make sure messages are being saved. I would have moved on to other alternatives by now, but I want (and haven't been able to find) something that uses Gmail like this one does, as I love having all of my texts searchable in that format. Please fix this app so I can update to 5 stars, as it has long deserved.
Loved it at first but the updates screw something up and Now it doesnt back up like it should. Very disappointed. Have had this app for a couple of years. Nowci have to do manual backups. Still not working. Have to manually back up over 127 sms...what is going g on???
This WAS a great app until one day I went in my gmail and saw that only my part of my saved text conversations had disappeared. I tried emailing the app creator numerous times to troubleshoot the problem and see if my text were retrievable, but I still haven't got a response
I used to love this app. It synced flawlessly per my settings. Lately, I've been having to force it to back up manually. I haven't changed my settings so I'm not sure why it's misbehaving. Please fix and will give back 5 stars. Also it's constantly crashing when I'm having to manually back up.
Backed up once, then doesn't auto back-up and won'd back up any new texts (even when I try to do it manually).  Didn't back up MMS messages either.  So I guess its fine if you need to back up everything once, but never add anything to the backup log.
Yes, it is the best backup app for sms and logs but worst for restoration once i tried to testored my backup texts it took more than 78 hours to restore those few thousand texts which were nore more than 200 mbs in volume even on a high spec connection.. please enhance the speed for restoration.
I've always used this on my S3 and I loved it. Now it doesn't work for my S5. It only backs up my outgoing SMS/MMS. It does not backup incoming. Is there a work around for this? I'm very disappointed! PLEASE ASSIST
Please come out with an update that supports RCS for S9. Since my messages are being sent as chat type messages, I cannot back them up. The only messages I am able to backup are those coming from Apple users. This is a great app I've been using for years. No issues until now Android creates this RCS nonsense.
I have a Samsung Galaxy S4.  I tried 2 other Apps. to archive my Text Msgs. to my Google Email.  The others did not work, but this one worked beautifully!!  This App. also backed up my Call Logs, too.
Can't reliably restore texts from previous backups.  When restoring, it tells me most of my backed up texts are duplicates, which they aren't!  Backing up with the current version is not reliable.  Hopefully these issues are fixed soon!  MMS support would be an awesome addition.
Absolutely the best way to backup your text. You don't have to worry about xml files or other weird formats. This simply backs it up to a gmail account so you never loose a single text again. Highly recommended!!
The app is slow in accomplishing the backup and restore process. Another thing I noticed is it does not backup/restore 100% of my sms. I am not sure if I am doing anything wrong with the settings. Anyway,  good app, good job.
Very impressed. Backed up 3000 messages to an IMAP folder and instantly donated. All message conversations threaded, showing phone number plus name and email address from my contacts. Love that I can now view find old messages in my email client.
Sometimes times out if running in background. Restoring +40000 messages, I had to disable screen sleep and leave running overnight. Checks for duplicates which is critical if you time out.
Free up phone resources without losing messages and call logs, use the power of Google search in SMS, restore selected SMS even after deletion -- this app has worked very well for me.
Love the app, makes new phones that much more at home! The only thing I can think of to change that is a massive bummer is the restore settings...  100, 200, 500 or all?!?! So for me, I don't want to back up my literal 75000 messages but 500 won't even get me through yesterday with my girlfriend!  Please fix!
in my case app gets stuck in logging in doesn't move ahead. Google search told to select XOAuth2 instead of XOAuth but there is no option of XOAUTH2 in IMAP settings. What to do???
This app works wonderfully for backing up android text messages.  I'm wondering if I selected some options incorrectly, as it did not backup any texts from an iPhone user (only mms attachments from that sender)
Used this app for a long time and the backup to Gmail is a great idea. Butttt It just won't run automatically anymore. It will only work if you force the backup. Too bad!
I like it but I'm not too sure why it only seems to save certain messages from certain people. I've tried sending emails about this and no one ever gets back to me with an answer. Can someone tell me why every message I get doesn't get saved?
App is great. One MAJOR problem. Someone could get around this very easily by just simply deleting the text message before it backs up. Please please please add an instant option or something lower than 1 min.
I love this app, and would gladly donate if it was regularly updated/supported AND enabled MMS restore.  I am not able to restore on Android 7 and not sure if it's the app or something else. Just says IO error.
I've been using this for years. I recently used it to backup/restore texts bc I needed to reset my phone. It took about 2 days to backup 40k texts, but it will only restore the oldest 4k. That leave 36k texts that won't restore. It runs for 6 hours, gets to the very last msg and then the app goes black. No errors or anything. It's very frustrating, especially bc I can't receive msg while it's restoring.
Unable get backup of whatsapp..pl fix this. I need it....in past this function was working fine but now its not working for me.. (reflecting there is no items for whatsapp ) there for only one star frm my side bcoz i mostly use whtsapp instead to sms so pls fix this then i will give you 5 stars and will recommend to others to use this app..  Still not fixed.
This app wass easy to install an worked great! Messages are updated instantly to gmail and  creates a separate folder for all text messages. Was an Awesome App! IT JUST STOPPED WORKING!!! Months ago and I've tried everything and nothing helps! Can't even get any customer support!! SUCKS!!
Although this app will backup your SMS & MMS messages the fact that it won't restore MMS is a huge negative. Furthermore, the dev has stated that this is a feature that won't be added. What's the point of backing up messages you'll never be able to restore?
App worked great on my Lg Stylo 2. But since I got the ZTE blade max it crashes each time I try to do a back up. Even though I set it to backup automatically it will not work anymore
Dear developer, is this app open-source? You should mention it on app description - this one of the main deciding factors for some people, when choosing an app :)  The app itself works very good and is irreplaceable. Haven't tested automatic backups though.
Dropped a star. Restore MMS still says "Feature not available yet". This implies that it will be available, no? Been well over a year with this message. I think even 2+
Abandoned?   Was the best, but now can't restore SMS backups, and hasn't backed up whatsapp for 7 months.   Edit: still not working. Does a 'restore' of my 20000 SMS messages, but when finished none of them are in my SMS app.  Even after changing the default SMS client during the restore.
I don't know what's going on, but this app hasn't automatically backed anything up on my phone all year. Don't rely upon it to automatically save anything you actually need. It's really disappointing because it was amazing when it worked.
I love this app. I use it to schedule my sms backup daily. Perfect for that. But if it's your first time using it and you're just trying to get your most recent texts to a new phone, this app only backs up from oldest messages to newest. That is lame! Options let you choose 100, 200, 500, or all messages. Why would anyone want the 1st 100 messages from a year ago instead of the last 100 messages?!
I have been using this app for years and it always worked great. Ever since I upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy S8, only incoming msgs are backed up. My outgoing msgs are not backing up consistently. Every once in a while 1 or 2 sent msgs backup, but it appears to be random. Please fix this issue!
Following recent updates to Gmail and related Google apps SMS Backup+ is no longer working for me: persistent "unable to connect to host" error when initiating manual backup. Uninstall and reinstall does not fix issue.
I really enjoyed this app and it has been fantastic until 2017. I have it set for automatic back up so it will do it all in its own. Every week it hasn't backed up anything and I've had to manually request it to back up.   I'm pretty disappointed that it is not automatic.
At the rate it's going, it will literally take a week to back everything up!  SMS backup and restore backed everything up literally in under two minutes.
At first it was great, worked as expected and that warrants five stars for convenience. However, pretty quickly stopped automatically backing up even with all proper settings checked. Kind of useless without auto backup
Fantastic app. Although I'm not particularly a fan of Gmail, it is good to know that my texts (plus images) are backed up and easy to search. This app has been incredible whenever I need to recover a deleted test measage.  A+++  * Note that the messages are recovered by logging into your Gmail account* In other words-- it's not backing them up to your phone; it's backing them up to Gmail (so that even if you lose/change phones, the messages are still accessible online)  This app is so useful that I've installed it on my old cell phones to backup the messages on those phones as well
So far so good. It works as advertised. I have not used any of the advanced features yet so holding off on 5-stars for the moment, but my Android 6.0 and Gmail synced up my SMS messages with almost no effort.
I used this app for years. Then one day I had to reinstall it on a new phone and I don't know what the owner of the app changed but, it won't back up any of my texts. I'm very disappointed in this app. I really liked it but now it stinks.
Took a few hours. But Got everything back. Only thing wish I could select exactly which messages I want it to restore that way it won't take hours and I get exactly what I want. And also select backup would be great. But great app, really came thru.
Not being able to restore MMS messages is a major handicap. At least you should be able to restore them as regular SMS with the images stripped rather than loosing the entire messages. Otherwise I was able to backup and then restore to new phone. Minus of course all my MMS messages. It also seems to have lost all my group messages.
Love, used to restore countless amounts of times. Just works! Never had a issue and I have it to auto back up instantly didn't even put a drain on the battery. Interface be a little outdated but this is a utility. A set and forget it. And you don't need to worry, the app has your back!
The new version is not uploading the text I write and picks and chooses the text I received. I manually backup and this was never an issue before......PLEASE FIX!!! This app worked perfectly before....Sent a message to developer ...no response...still not backing up all text messages!!!! Not happy!!!
I used this neat little app to transfer SMS messages from old android to new. I installed it on both phones, then backed up my text messages to email on old phone and restored on new phone. It worked like a dream much recommended.
Just noticed it is now no longer grouping my SMS into tidy conversations in my email when it backs up?? Instead, it appears to be sending each single text msg as a separate email?! With no option to group them anymore?! I will have to uninstall if I can't get the group-by-contact function working again!!
After installing, make sure you go to Auto Backup Settings and check off: Require Wi-Fi. Even though I was at home and connected to Wi-Fi, the program used 3.3GB of my cellular data to perform the initial backup which is expensive!! Also, it seems that this program will backup MMS but does not offer the ability to restore them which is pointless.
Keep getting backup errors! Got the messages every time I went or received a text.....so imagine my frustration. Had to finally delete since there has been no response from numerous attempts to the developers. What a shame!
Well, authors fixed bugs, and this app again used to work great... but under the last version of Android it does not run in background. So to backup calls and sms you have to run the application explicitly from time to time. Please fix that.
Very very useful apps, I was looking online how to print out Android sms n after trying many so called device back up software, my phone Avast warned me they have malware inside! With SMS BackUp+  I am able to print out long sms in email form easily from Gmail! Definitely recommend to my colleague who working in law firm as we always need to screenshot sms page by page for clients. Thanks!
Pretty useless for me since it stopped automatically backing up. Have tried reinstalling, resetting the phone, but nothing has helped the issue. Will have to find something else until it's fixed.
This app is very much good because it create the email backup as scheduled. But it does not support backing up sometime. When reinstalling the app again and again, the problem remain unsolved. That;s the problem.
Have this app on several phones and the app now stops automatically backing up SMS/MMS and call logs. Have to hit the manual backup button now to get it to work again. PLEASE FIX!!!!!! Does anyone know if the developer ever responds to users concerns?????
Given the note7 drama, I have changed phones 3x in the last month. S7 edge to note7 to moto z force. Using the app has been a breeze and mad the transition so easy. Thanks yo the developers for a great solution!
The other day I checked if my backed up messages were good and they were. Today I did a restore to my phone and somehow the app restored my messages up until 2 months ago, a period which contained for me very sensitive data. I advise anyone to check when the app last time made backup for your messages or you might have some data losses.
Must have app on your phone but it would be much more useful if you guys add whatsapp backup also. Need some improvement in UI. Thanks. Only missed calls is backing up. Please fix this issue. Thanks.
Every time starts to backup it crashes. Sends me crash notices 5-10 times at a time. It's not worth the headache anymore
It kept getting hung up during the restore process. It is also very slow. There are much better apps that do the same thing but better. I used SMS Backup and Restore and it backed up and restored literally 100x faster
App is great but the auto sync is not working on my s7. Still live the fact that it let's me log calls into my calender and saves all my text messages. Hope you guys keep working on it as needed.
I have to manually back up SMS / MMS messages. The older version did it automatically. Maybe it's the device?  I don't know.   I have a new phone almost a month now.  I followed the selections from my old phone to be sure I was entering the selection correctly. I selected to back up 30 minutes after the most recent text (that's the earliest the app will allow), but nothing. This is annoying. I have another SMS app that's set to back up everything on my phone at 12am. Everything is done accurately. Fix this please and thank you.
Was great but is no longer backing up my call logs. Annoying. Also hangs when backing up all sms messages. Cannot recommend this app until call log backup works
I had to restart my phone because it was acting up but I didnt want to lose my info. Other apps seemed hard to use so I decided to give this one a shot and it stored back all my call logs and texts. Thank you so much.
Still waiting for MMS restoration option and WhatsApp messages backup option. App is asking me to donate again and again, although I already have done so - that is irritating. Date stamp was wrong on restoration, another app got it right. But backed all my SMS without fail, and I have been using the app for more than four years and it has helped me a lot through the years, so thanks a lot, Jan!
Works fine for a few days at a time, then spends an entire day crashing every 5 minutes, leaving a pop up asking if I want to report it.  Today has been one of those crash days.  Very annoying.
I love this app and have used it for many years.  It's simple and effective and the best part it's all automated.  I never have to worry about things being backed up because it's being done for me based on the schedule I setup.  While it is free,  I highly recommend a donation to the developer,  it's worth it. I did.
The best thing is being able to searh for a particular conversation within the Gmail SMS Label. I have used this many times. Super for people with bad memory like me!
It worked fine the first time I used it but now it only seems to save my incoming messages.  It won't save my outgoing messages. Am I doing something wrong or it it just a bug?
Only seems to backup outgoing MMS messages.  Incoming MMS (messages and attachments) aren't present in the backup.  Would be perfect for my needs if it backed up everything this way I could prune my messages on my phone and still be able to find anything I needed from 3 years ago in Gmail.
It's pretty useful, but one thing that bugs me about this app is that it backs up each message one at a time... which when you have crappy satellite internet like me can take an eternity for first-time backup. If it bundled texts together for upload it would get a higher rating from me, but again, it's pretty useful.
I found out what I was doing wrong. I had to change the default backup name which is call SMS to the back up name I had changed it to, which was SMS 2017 in the backup settings. After I hit restore it started restoring from that gmail folder.
I use to live this app... worked like a dream... now it won't back up anything... the last time it backed up anything was October 5th.. fix it it's need. My msges backed up asap.. fox it and I'll give it a 5 again
Worked effortlessly across devices. Very customisable too. Loved the app. Please add the feature to exclude specific SMSs, like those containing transaction OTPs. Wouldn't want these SMSs to be synced to a compromised device with logged in account. A 5* app other than this issue.
This App was working fine for past 2 - 3 years and I was happy using it.  But suddenly it has stopped working and the worst part is that it does not give any error or reason for not working.  Need the problem to be resolved at the earliest so I can use it uninterrupted.
So far, do good! Backs up regularly! Efficient. Let's me know if there's any issues with no service. Backs up instantly when asked. About to change phones, so I'll update when restored! Here's hoping! ;-)
I use this thing all the time! Titanium backup is too much for me when all I want to backup is my photos and text messages. Between Google Photos and this app, I have all I need to flash custom ROMs without any loss!
I really love this app,  but my most recent backup didn't restore ask my text messages.  I can however see they are backed up in my gmail. How can i fix this?
Love it SOOO MUCH i donated... that's how sweet it is!  It's easy to be in fast simple to find in your email folder 100 percent happy never had to force close. Always reliable! Doesn't duplicates or make unnecessary editions. Comes in handy to back your word, I used it in court against a crooked landlord!
Whenever I tried to restore it always stop restore at message no 446. Try to reinstall but problem is same. Kindly let me know solution.
I just installed this app and it was working fine however I just noticed that my incoming messages are not being backed up and I don't know why. It's really frustrating because I downloaded the app specifically to keep my incoming messages. Please help with this issue!
Hi, works well.  One problem is that I had 16000 messages which I backed up to Google.  When I restored them on my new phone it restored 9999. I don't know if this is a limit of Google or of this App....any ideas?
Well, It is able to back up and restore all SMS that is great.  But when app is preparing a backup or restoring one, if I minimize the app and using another app, I miss the status as there is no completion notification. And when I maximize the app again to see the status it seems like it is stuck/hanged but actually it did it's job and I come to know about that when I restarted the app.  Fix this and 5* waiting for your App.
I have used this for a few years now and haven't had a single problem when my phones die and I need to pick up were I left off. In truth I forget it's there until I need it. Absolutely a must if you do any type of business via text like I do. I get a carbon copy of inbound and outbound text to my email account so I can print them for any problems that occurs and might end up in court. Set it and forget it. You will be glad one day.
Most useful feature for me is writing call log to calendar and writing SMS text messages as emails to a folder in gmail. Sadly not much development lately. But no other Backup App has the above features.
I have to go back to playstore just to give this 5 stars! I tried kies and switch and they couldn't do a simple sms backup. This app solved what I was trying to do for hours... simple to ise too.
It never backed up completely I tried 3 times and it didn't even put a Dent in my sms! This must be a scam to gather personal data...frauds!
So I backed up all of my texts like I have done for years. I needed to do a factory data reset on my phone. I restored my texts. It only restored texts from 2012 and none from 2017. I'm very disappointed
This used to work pretty well on my S4 , Nexus 5 and YU. Recently I bought Mi Note 3 and installed SMS Backup+. But auto backup isn't happening . Is it Mi's issue or SMS backup+ is not compatible ?
This app backs up incoming messages just fine but outgoing, not so much. I'm needing it to back up everything due to me having to keep records of everything concerning my ex-husband for court purposes but if it doesn't fix this I can't continue to use this app. Such a bummer I figured this out after it was too late... Thanks for the crappy app SMS backup you screwed me.
At first this app was great on my Galaxy S4 but over the last few months it only backs up my side of the conversation. I have sent 3 emails inquiring about this but haven't received a response!
Clouds your texting. I've used for multiple years over many phones. It has preformed well each time I remembered to install it. Why doesn't it show up in my app listings and auto-magically install like all of those annoying apps that I don't use?
I love this app in my android phones but recently have moved to Blackberry Z30. Please can a app be developed for either Blackberry World apps or Amazon apps. Am sorry not to be able to use this for now :-(
This app looked promising but sucked!  It didn't even back up a quarter of the text messages I needed backed up. Really disappointing.
Would be nice if it worked. Progress stops after 11 files are backed up. Retried, and it froze again and again. No way to resume where it left off, so you have to start all over again each time. It's a shame because this would have been the best if only it worked like it is supposed to.
Everytime I try to backup I get the "Unfortunately stopped" error, I also constantly get the error when using messaging. Automatically scheduled backups don't seem to be happening. Moto G3, Marshmallow, T-Mo.
I've used this app for years and now on this phone, it no longer automatically backs anything up. I have to keep manually doing it. Very disappointing.
It does exactly what it says. I can't believe how super easy it was to backup all of my texts. You literally just touch one button and it creates the SMS folder in your email and organizes all your texts into it for you!
I used to love this but since the upgrades, my sms has not backed up since February 2015. Every time I try I get an error message. How do I fix this issue?
I feel like the app used to be amazing but, now it does not back up all of my messages. I have tried multiple manual resets and still not working. Also, It will stop backing up after a while and won't start again so i have to start all over again in hopes of getting all of my messages backed up but it fails every time
Excellent app! Use it for work and it has saved my life more than once when trying to remember if I had returned a phone call or sent a text message. My only issue is that since Marshmallow it seems that sometimes it will stop backing up automatically. When I check my calendar and don't see recent call logs, I have to open the app and backup manually to get it going again.
Takes FOREVER to backup, going on 3hrs now- even while connected to Wifi! Also, although you can backup your SMS & MMS you can't restore your MMS.
it backed up all texts and pictures to my Gmail account and everything is there. But the restore to my new phone did not include pictures just texts. did i do something wrong with the restore??  I can give it 5 stars if i get a solution.
Worth downloading. But one question. Where in my drive are the message backed up? Because I tried to find where the messages are backed up to delete some messages, but couldn't find it.
Terrible app. Takes forever, but does not work. It backs up all the messages alright... But was not able to restore them, only restoring about 10% of my messages. Deleting it now. SMS backup and restore is a much better app, doing the job in a jiffy.
This app hasn't been updated since 2015. Mine hasn't backed up since Nov, 2017. I don't think anyone maintains this app. Is there another sms backup app that's good and saves to email?
Nice App But, isn't there an option for backing up WhatsApp messages also? A website suggested me about this app, and it showed there that the app can backup WhatsApp messages... But could find any such in the app installed by play store. A kind request, please look into this matter and solve my problem... Thank you
So helpful! Wish this app was available for iPhone. Makes me regret going iOS. Can not wait to go back to Android. Apps like this are important for legal reasons and to free space on your phones internal storage.
When this app works, it's absolutely perfect. However, the auto backup function doesn't work perfectly - often it'll stop without warning, and you're left to find out for yourself several weeks or months later that your backups have not been happening. It's simple to get it running again (one tap) but doesn't quite leave one with peace of mind.
I like this app but I remember at one point it saved your messages as well. When I pull up the messages in my Google account it only shows what the other person sent me .
I've been using the app for a long time and appreciate what it can do! Saves me a lot of time in saving new client contacts. I do have a question, it would seem it does send message which I received are backed up but some time earlier this year, the app stopped backing up my txt messages that I send out? Have you heard of this happening, is it a change in the app or did turn something on or off to cause the change? Thanks
The restoring on this app is so slow. I waited for hours for this to restore, when it crashed. I restarted the entire process, for it to crash again. In the meantime, because this had to be set as the default app for about 6 hours, no new texts were reaching me, so I don't know if anyone has tried to contact me. It has restored to about a week ago, which is nice, but still not good enough.
Great app for the fact that I can transfer files and backup/restore files. But it's very slow and doesn't support MMS, so therefore only 3 stars for me
I noticed it stopped automatically backing up my messages this month. I've had to manually prompt it to back up. Very frustrating. Please fix!
SMS restores does not have date to restore option such as from % to dates. It restores from oldest to whenever. Not a smart option and IMO, a painstakingly slow & onerous process
Very very nice application for saving the texts. The little things is. If I send a picture it does not save in the same conversation. Can anyone help me with this?
I am using this app right now to back up a ton of text messages.  It is doing it kind of out of order and I am not seeing the pix included in the msg.  I thought i read it backs up pix, too.
It is a simple app, and I love the feature of backing up to my Gmail account -- makes searching my old texts so easy. However, since upgrading to Android Nougat I have had problems with the auto trigger for backing up with texts being sent or received. I no longer get auto backups, and have to manually open the app to backup my texts. This is an annoyance, especially if I forget to do it for awhile, as it is a very slow process and sometimes quits unexpectedly. Hope that can get fixed again!
The best part of this was its auto backup feature which no longer works on my Galaxy S5. Stalls out at having last updated on "October 1 11:12 AM" no matter what date or time it is. It seems to back up some of my incoming messages and none of my outgoing, which makes it almost useless... I now have to backup anything new manually which is inconvenient. I loved this app, please fix this bug ASAP.
On an old phone I had a crap load of texts that I didn't want to delete but had to. I went online for an app suggestion to back all of them up and your app was top rated. My last phone took a dump on me and I couldn't find your app on the market. Ended up downloading the apk online somewhere. I love it that much. When I first installed it to this day it has backed up 9815 texts. I never had any problems but every once in awhile I get an "I/O ERROR" or something like that. What is that all about?
I don't know what I did wrong but the only things that got backed up were my part of the conversation. Please let me know how to back up the entire thread.
Hi. This app has been of use for more than 5 years now.... I even went ahead to donate ...but now to my disappointment it stopped auto backup... Kindly advise
This app worked well on my old phone. But on the A5, it doesn't automatically back up, and when I try to manually back up, it quits unexpectedly. Sucks, cause I really appreciated being able to backup to Gmail.
I use to be able to restore my text.. I see them in my email, but they won't load back to my messages. Very unhappy.
Used to work well. But now that my phone crashed and I had to restore my text messages (which is the point of such an app), I get nothing but error messages. Closest thing to a solution is 3-4 year old useless discussions with the creator from online searches. Trying out other backup systems to prevent another loss like this one. Don't bother if you want to actually keep your stuff in case of an emergency
Used to love this app but after an update it keeps crashing.... 5-6 times per day and it's getting very annoying that the error message keeps popping up. I keep reporting but.... Nothing. Can someone help take Care of this problem?? LG V10
Program used to work great. Now for some reason the sms backup is only showing the incomming sms messages. Tried with 2 different devices and was unable to fix the problem. Any help?
From very earlier this one is the only best aap on play store for sms backup  on gmail. But very sad to say there is no special changes according to time like skip backup for existing message 😐
Worked perfectly. Only complaint is that it saved my messages using the emails of the text recipients, instead of their phone numbers. But that was easily fixed. Thank you for this useful and well-made app!
Most of the apps backs up the SMS in  XML format and not sure if can convert it to sms format again.                 But this tool directly backs up the messages in sms format and it pretty easy to move to other mobile. It's really awesome
I've been using this app across multiple devices and it's always worked with no noticeable issues. But now, when backing up txt messages to my Gmail account, it won't back up all conversations. And on the conversations it does back up, half of it is missing.  I don't know what update made it go haywire, but it's so extremely frustrating! Please fix this as soon as possible? -LG G5
This will backup your SMS's to your email account to prevent them from ever being deleted, unless by you.  If the auto scheduled backup isn't working, you'll need to disable it from automatic power saving mode performed by your phone in your power settings.
Of late it will only back up my side of a sms conversation . So it not useful like it was. Unless I have a setting wrong. If some one could help. Then back to 5 stars
******2017 update..........I have to manually backup......what happened to this app?  Was flawless for years....I donated, supported one of the best free apps.  I don't want to use any other backup app.......wheres the love??
Love the quick and easy ability to backup everything to my email. It makes searching for old messages easy by just doing an email search. Recently it crashes every few minutes but still continues to backup. Not sure how to fix.
This app was fantastic and I used it for years. However, in the last few months it has stopped doing auto backups and by the time I remember to check I have thousands of messages to backup. I am uncertain what has changed in the app; be it coding changes or lack of maintaining, but it is no longer the quality app it was.
Excellent app! Not sure why I always went the SMS Backup & Restore route when this was available. Don't get me wrong SMS Backup & Restore is excellent but as a technology enthusiast who switches phones like underwear I seriously wish this was in my life earlier. Having all your SMS and MMS messages backed up into Gmail labeled "SMS" is the best thing ever. Completely searchable, all MMS / attachments on the original messages in the threads, perfect! Great way to leave behind moving messages only to make your phone slow and full from years and years worth of messages. I just backed up 42,572 messages, not going to look back! App also can be scheduled to do incremental as well, if it pauses / hangs in backup it continues where it left off so no worries about duplicates if your like me coming with a ton of messages.
App was good for me on my HTC one m8. However it doesn't automatically back up on my note 5.  I lost a lot of msgs because I assumed it had backed up my msgs.
It has stopped working properly.  It crashes 5 times a day and causes "App is causing your phone to run slowly" errors.  Fix and I will rate 5 again
I used to love this app, but I'm not sure why it stopped backing up my outgoing messages. I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling, and it still doesn't work. Obviously not user error because the app is fairly simplistic. Terrible.
This app was good the first time I used it to download my old text to my new phone... Now that I have another new phone I cannot transfer my messages again...please look into this.....
was going to donate. it said it was backing up 13500 texts... it took forever which would be fine... only backed up 23 from 2015. auto back up also doesn't work. tried it on two different phones and need to press the back up button.
Apart from a few niggles here and there, the core functions work really well. Previously tried with IFTTT's sms and call log recipes. Given that you don't have much control over them so returned to this app. Highly  recommended.
It is useful to have SMS continuously synced to my Gmail so I can read and search them conveniently.  However, the backup on Gmail is NOT a faithful representation of the SMS actually on your phone, hence it causes problems when trying to restore (and it's very slow compared to most other apps).  Do NOT use this app for backup & restoring.
It is my favourite sms backup app for the last few years. Unfortunately unable to restore sms in my new device Samsung s8 plus. Please suggest a solution because those sms are very important for me. It says IO ERROR everytime i make attempt to restore.
So I've noticed when I used my htc phone my text backed up without a problem, on my s7 now they don't.  I downloaded a texting app an they backed up those without a problem. I deleted the app and just use the s7 messaging app and it doesn't back them up.  Is there something wrong with my phone or is this something anyone else has noticed?
The things you asked me if this app has ... reminders, stickers, location tagging... why would it need them? I selected this app to set and forget. It does that perfectly!
I've liked this app a lot because I'm able to backup to email, which makes my texts searchable. Recently it's stopped backing up any sent messages, so I've got half conversations. Not ok!
Had it set to backup automatically 3 minutes after every message, just checked it today and saw that it hadn't backed up anything for almost a month! I had deleted messages and now they're gone forever. Edit: Still have it set to automatically backup 1 minute after receiving a message. Just checked and it hasn't backed anything up since August 25. Please fix this.
Thanks Google for your icon pettiness making this a chore to find for a while. Glad it's sorted.
Was having backup/restore errors, then read on the site "make sure that the label name is set correctly (capitalization matters!)". My Gmail label was "Call Log" not "Call log", as soon as I changed the label in the app, everything restored perfectly.
Seems to have trouble restoring anything at all when in the "Advanced Restore" settings option and "Starred" items is selected. But other then that this is one of my most important apps!  Thanks!! PS. Would be nice to be able to choose which conversations to restore and also a custom number...it jumps from 500 to All.
When I first installed this app, all was roses.  Version 1.5.10 unfortunately has dropped dead on me.  It days authorize IMAP.  Do I did.  It still says authorize IMAP.   Well, I also don't want it ducking around my email, which it insists on wanting to do, so to uninstall it, I tried to have it RESTORE everything.  SAME BEAUTIFUL MESSAGE!   This is the second time I have trusted a developer on this platform only to be disappointed and $$$$$$$ over.
from android 4 to 6, it works fine all the time.Thanks. But 7.0 automatic backup not always work. Manually backup is OK. Please check.
I had formated, broke, my phone system crashed and all more happened .. And this was the saver. Using it since many years now.. Must have... Brilliant app made . One suggestion for the app developers please put one more option if possible that is 'contacts backup' it will be really helpful and I think it will be a complete app!
Long time user here, but recently backing up SMSs (Just SMS so far) is painfully slow.  Not sure what happened, but this is disappointing.
Using this app from last 7yrs. Never had a issue. But from last 1 week whenever it try for a back up Google is sending me a "unauthorised login prevented" warning.  Plz fix. Post to that its eligible for 5 stars.
This app used to work flawlessly but now it says I have nothing to backup, only recovers my part of the convo and force closed everytime it does happen to want to work correctly. Please work on an update. This was a great app.
Ok app. Include screenshot of what Gmail looks like with the import. It basically looks like an e-mail chain and the subject doesn't show the phone number no matter how you set it.  If you're looking to use this for litigious reasons, you should probably find another app.  Ideally, the app should just create a html/text file on your google drive with phone numbers and time stamp of each text in the conversation. Also should show how many and the phone numbers if group text. Finally, just link photo/video source path and extract for MMS.
Would be 5 stars if texts that I "send" were also saved?  Unsure why the entire message thread is not sent to backup!
Please make auto backup instantly just after ariving a text message. Minimum auto backup time is 1 min that is not good.
This app works well and does a good job of backing up texts and mms to Google. Only issue is it no longer automatically backs up texts, i always have to do it manually even though i have it set to backup every 24 hours.
Only backed up mostly outgoing messages. Did not backup most of the incoming messages. Set my prefrences to "All" but only backed up less than half.  Disappointing.
Couldn't be more impressed with it! It restored 34922 logs and attachments in 7 hrs 21 min! Thank you for this effortless documentation method it helps more than expected! !
It backed up everything. I haven't used the restore feature yet, though. Also, there is no MMS label created. There was a time when I was able to back up my MMS messages into a label, but maybe I used a separate app for this?
Highly recommend this, it does exactly what it says it will. I have gone ahead and also made a donation payment for the app as it had been so good. Installed it then ignored it.  Perfect.
My backup isnt downloading to my s4...keeps giving me a IO error messages... how do i fix this problem.
It constantly crashes.  It only saves what I send and doesn't save what the other person texts which is so frustrating..can I get help with this?
While it DOES backup well to a gmail account....  It does NOT restore correctly.  Changed to a new phone (same model as old phone), and restored.  It went through the motions of having restored all my messages (3114 of them) - yet only 2 messages show up when I open my texting app.   Would LOVE to have a working product.
I would like to backup everything g that is currently on my phone but there's no option for that. Only things it's backing up are the text I've gotten since I've installed the app. Any way to backup ALL current text that are on the phone?
Great concept, but!! Seems to only want to backup my side of the conversation.. randomly will it insert the other persons conversation. :( and not always in order
I used to use this all the time but on my Note 8 it just will not auto backup. Only manual backups work.
Backed up data is nowhere to be found. Gmail is IMAP enabled. What good is a backup app if the process doesn't work? Trying to use this on Android 4.3 with zero luck.
I love this soft very much. It's one of the best soft of play store. But, only one problem it's "backup & Restore" process too slow. Please, Please, Please make it faster process. Thanks the developer. :)
Frequently i've reset my phone and every time i have to worry about sms backup, but now sms backup + just fully eliminate my worry about it
This app has been abandoned, turn back now. It may have been good at one point, but nowadays it had some serious issues restoring SMS. Had a phone die and when restoring my SMS to the backup phone, it made me wait hours on end only to get a years-long gap with no recent messages. I ended up finding the data in my Titanium Backup, thankfully, which had only a few days missing.
Used to work fine, now doesn't auto backup my text messages. Don't know why - not changed anything in the app or in my phone so can't see why it would suddenly stop auto backing up.
1.Call logs saved to gmail and to callendar. SMS only to callendar. Why? Need separate app just to see sms in callender. 2. Never works for whats app. But i guess it's whats up's fault
Seems like a good way to save pictures, but not messages. It backs up texts as individual email strings with each individual. So if you ever have group messages (as everyone does), they will not be grouped together anymore. Instead, whatever was said by an individual will be added to your email string with that person. Also, anything *you* say in a group conversation will be added to a separate "email" from your number. No wonder MMS can't be restored after being "backed up."
The back up feature works great but when it came to restoring, it took hours since I had almost 90000 texts. There does not seem to be any option to choose how far back you want to restore. What's worse is after hours of restoring, I only saw texts from 2014 & older. Nothing from this year,  though I know they're backed up. After all that I ended up deleting all the texts from my phone because they weren't relevant like last week's were.
Not backing up call logs. It throws an error. Also I can read the texts in my Gmail account but when I restored it on my phone, the message header is visible but not the message.
Thank you for providing for free, this app has really saved my ass in court with custody issues. While working tech support for T-Mobile I used to ALWAYS have cust download this app prior to master reset. I used to get many MANY"thank you's" than I could keep track of for providing the best cust service they ever had. Thanks for the app.
I got this to back-up texts. At first--several years ago, it worked. Now, I've lost a good portion of my texts. And it is bugging me for access to my emails. Helloooo! Don't need that. I've denied it enough access. Bye...
I've had this app for years and it's worked flawlessly.  However, since the beginning of September it's not been automatically baking up my files and have been constantly crashing! Uninstalling.
I changed my phone few times lately and restoring sms via this app is biggest nightmare.  Take 12 hrs and even after it job not done correctly.  Not happy bunny!
Worked fine on old phone, but on new phone (lg v20 nougat) doesn't automatically backup, have to initiate manually. ///  my advice: before you start, create a new calendar call "phone call log" using web interface, as it can take five minutes for your phone to know about it, so that can be happening in the background whilst you're installing the app and letting it do the SMS backup. So then install the app and kick off the sms backup. When that's finished, go back to your on-device calendar and enable sync'ing with the phone call log calendar. Then back in the app enable calendar sync'ing and choose the new calendar. New calls will then appear in the calendar.
Stopped working without warning a few months ago.  No setting change, etc., sparked this, nor fixed it.  Will attempt to re-install.
Note 8 Seemed to work but nothing showed up at gmail. This could be a problem for developers
My last phone transfer it constantly failed to update my texts due to an IO error I could not find a solution to. I would recommend another message backup app, this one is not reliable.
This app is amazing!  I've switched from Samsung to LG (2nd Galaxy phone died just weeks after warranty ran out :-(   I had SMS & MMS backed up to my Samsung account but LG won't access it!  Did a search, found this app.  Was able to use my friend's Samsung Galaxy SIII  to connect to my Samsung account and restore my texts.  Then use SMS Backup+ to backup the texts to my gmail account....took awhile, about an hour (3800 SMS & about 750 MMS).  The App creates a folder in gmail called 'SMS' and you can view/read all your texts there...but that's not the end!  I also installed SMS Backup+ on my LG and backed up all the new texts (about 2 months worth, 200 texts) to my gmail - and the app appended older texts from the same contact with the new texts (wow!!).  Then went back to my LG and did a 'restore' (follow the simple directions) and voila!  All my texts are in my LG phone (back to 2014) with the new ones combined with older ones - sweet!  I'm impressed, thank you Jan Berkel :-) <3
I installed.  Backed up successfully. Factory reset phone.  Restored.  zero sms were backed up . only "call logs" were saved.  I've lost critical sms record.  My fault for trusting the app and not verifying in Gmail prior to factory reset.
Glitchy, stops backing up. It will work for a short period of time after a forced backup but then will stop again.
This app was awesome, but then all the auto backup stopped for no reason and has yet to start working again. 5 star app if they ever fix this glitch!
Thanks to "a google user" for reminding me about battery optimisation, I told Android not to optimize the app and now I can forget about this wonderful tool again and it can perform its magic in the background. SMS Backup+ has been a life saver many times for finding old SMSes in Gmail or verifying that I called someone, this is the 1st app I install on new phones, always!
Would be nice to have a few more options in restore (from contacts only,   date range, more than 500 but less than the 30k I have backed up. :) otherwise love the app.
I've been using sms back up since 2011. I just got a new replacement galaxy s6 active. Keeping getting an error message nothing will transfer. What's going on?
I don't know why, it's stopped to work last august, and I didn't realise the failure. Yesterday I resetted my phone, and I was surprised I lost everything back to 15th of august. Everything was fine before, I didn't change anything. Nice job... :-(
Love the app! I can go on my email and all my text history and calls are there. And it does automatically update, just go through all the settings and you'll find it. Would recommend!
I really like this app, but it doesn't backup all of my texts. Out of over 100 messages, it only backed up 60-something. Please fix this, if you can. Thank you.
I read somewhere online that recommended this app to backup Whatsapp. However, I'm disappointed to know the feature is now removed. Will uninstall it now. 1 star until I see Whatsapp backup back.
I love the program, it makes keeping all my SMS messages going from someone who switches between phone, and when I upgrade to a new phone. I only give it 4 because, admittedly, doing Restore is a pretty tedious process. To the best of my knowledge, there is no way to simply find the new missing messages to restore instead of restoring ALL messages first,   If I switch SiM cards, and want to keep my SMS updated, I have to wait for my phone to go through every SMS message I've backed up to catch the ~30 that are new and missed from my other phone.  It's a small thing, but it get's annoying.
Why are you reading this review when you should be clicking install!? I have been using this app since the beginning. I refuse to ever go with another app. Thanks for super helpful information to be stored.
To everyone who has problems with automatic backup on Android 7.0 Nougat: 1) go to Settings > Apps > SMS backup > Data usage and switch unrestricted data usage ON... 2) then go to Settings > Battery > three dot menu (up right corner) > Battery optimization > drop down menu "All apps" > SMS backup > Don't optimize > DONE. Now auto backup is working again. You're welcome. PS: it is tested only on my Nexus 5X. If you have a different model and/or altered OS, then write the review here to let everyone know was it successful or not.
I've been using this app for a while now. I can honestly say if never noticed it running but I make use of the stored texts in my Gmail all the time
In the beginning it would back up perfectly. Now it only backs up my part of the conversation. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling.  I've even tried doing a master reset on my phone but it still will only back up my part of the conversation now.
this app use to work good but for the last week i noticed it stopped backing up mms. especially in the last 3 days, it keeps draining my battery and not working correctly. please fix
After putting this app on my new phone it only backs up incoming texts not outgoing like it did on my other phone. Would love for it to back up all messages!
Honestly fantastic app. Does one thing and does it very well. Backs up to my Gmail, and I can look at the messages whenever! It's great! And it does MMS!
Does nothing.  Does back up anything unless you manually do it,  why bother if the auto back does not work.  Sucks
App works well. However, I am having trouble with auto backup. I have had to manually backup over the last few months.
Have been using this since much earlier versions of Android, and still am to ensure my Text messages are backed up. Developer really does maintain this app. Definitely reminded me today to donate for this app.
I have been using this for about 4 years and was sooooooo sad to see this app go away for a while.  Update... Please have someone make this for iPhone for free!! Pretty please
Excellent app. I downloaded it primarily to be able to keep phone call logs for longer than the 6 months that the stock Android phone app allows, but I am using it to backup SMS successfully too.  I recommend turning on the syncing of call logs to Google Calendar as well as to email (Advanced Settings \Backup Settings\Call log settings\Calendar Sync), as this will then allow to you to pick a day in the Calendar and see at a glance all the calls made and received on that particular day.
My phone has been messing up on me and I've been really worried about losing some of my sms messages I tried a few other apps and they only wanted to do one message at a time I downloaded and installed this one and it allowed me to backup all of my messages to my gmail account I wish I had this app 3 months ago thank you so much
This is a marvelous app but of late it doesn't auto backup texts and calls. I have to manually back up, please advise
Doesn't work with Android 7... It used to backup and work fine but now, it only backs up the incoming messages and none of my replies or outgoing and it does not backup mms at all....
Plz tell me why it is not working in note 3 miui8     auto backup not working properly
Does not back up everything.  It use to work great but stopped 2 weeks ago.   Phone calls are backed up but messages are not
I really really love thid app and I've been using it since 2013 on various different phones. But for some reason now it has not backed up every single on of my messages no matter how many times I try to manually ask it to back up it tells me it has gotten everything but when I check my sms folder I know it hasn't. I want to factory reset my phone but I don't want to lose my messages I want to keep them all achieved. It's stop backing specifically for a certain contact which is the person I talk to the most, in my gmail it's basically saying over the course of a month we have went back and fourth like 30 times when I know we're in the 200s or more.
This is a good app when it works. I've tried using it on-and-off for a couple years, but after several "breaks" and slow fixes, I've uninstalled again tonight.
Have used it for years. I can't afford to donate to it what the application is actually worth. It is the ONLY application I've never had problems with. This junk rocks!!!!
Completely unreliable these days. Will go days without backing up on my Nexus 6P. Used to be aces, now it is a dud. Please fix. Happening to all members of my house, all different phones.
The app does what it says, and it does it well. My one complaint is that it breaks up group conversations into individual-to-individual messages when it backs them up. Thus, a group text between user A and friends X, Y, and Z gets backed up not like a group e-mail thread, but instead as three separate threads: texts between A & X, A & Y, and A & Z. This makes reconstructing the flow of the text  conversation between multiple persons *very* difficult and  impractical.
This used to work great, but it hasn't been modified with the Android Doze feature.  If you're using Android Marshmallow (6.0+) or N Preview and the automatic backup isn't working then go into the battery settings and choose the Not Optimized feature for this app.  The auto backup will then work again, but battery life takes a hit.
This app seems to hang when restoring. But always seems to work. Been using for about 4 years now the free version, upgrading to Pro to show appreciation of the development time and effort. Five stars. Thank you!
I needed to backup my phone prior to doing a factory reset. It backed up and restored everything! A true life saver. Thank you! Galaxy Note Edge running Lollipop.
Set to back up every 30 mins, but dismayed to see that i have lost so much text messages and contacts after a phone reset! Contacts and messages that had been saved and backed up months before the phone reset. App only retrieved a portion of backed up items. Although it restored all my call history accurately, im disappointed that it didnt restore all contacts and text messages. App not too bad but that could be disastrous.
Auto backup worked on my last phone, but now on a new phone it doesn't seem to work. Checked all my settings and all seems good. A little disappointed.
I have recently come into needing a sms back up service, I have the cloud, and drive.And I don't know how to use any of them, so I went to Google and found this app. The backup goes right into a folder in my gmail account labeled sms. It's marked as read so no new notifications. I checked every few times to make sure it's all there and have since then trusted the app. It's truly amazing The only problem I have is that I cannot get it to automatically backup without me hitting the button... Help me!
Restore used to work. Now I get an error when trying to restore messages. Im sad now
Switched phones and last 2 phones have not been able to restore. Use to be 5 stars now it's worthless
Didn't transfer all my messages even after doing the whole process a second time and it took hours both times. There are much more effective apps out there.
Backed up one phone for me but it keeps stopping on another one. If I hit stop and start again, it starts all over again instead of where it left off. After numerous tries (it stops at different points) I'm giving up on it. It is also VERY slow, like as in sloth slow.
Got to admit I have taken for granted for way to long. Just keeps on working for me
Very good. Backs up all my calls and SMS messages. But restoring everything after wiping the phone is very slow. 4/5 - one star taken for the slowness.
As well as your call log.  SMS worked fine.  Misleading to let you backup but not restore...
Was brilliant, but no longer. Auto-backup hasn't worked for a while, and nobody is getting a response from contacting the developer. Can't recommend it any more for that reason.
It looked at first as though the backup was stalling and crashing, but when I finally figure out where the texts had been stored, years' worth of texts had been successfully backed up, complete with photos that had been sent with originals. Very pleased, so much better than another app I tried that saved everything as an xml file.
FAIL! I tried restoring messages from Backup to a new device, but it couldn't do the job. It restored messages from 2012 only, and skipped all the others. Not good!
I've been using this app ever since I got my phone, and it's doing a great job. I use this before updating the ROM in my phone to preserve memories. One downside to using this is the performance of restoring  backups. I have around 11k messages and restoring takes a couple of hours. I'm pretty sure it's not my internet connection, because it's the only thing running in my home and it only uses a small bandwidth.  I'd rate this 5 stars if it's faster, heck I might even donate
I continue to be amazed that this app's functions are still not built in to Android yet. But given that, SMS Backup + is the *only* and best solution to the problem of needing to backup your texts, MMS messages, and even your call log straight to your gmail account. Thank you!
Does not restore everything and t make matters worse if you restart the app after stopping it it has to sync all over again from scratch. The app also does not properly backup automatically. Perhaps the authors of this app should address issues in these reviews before they start begging for donations. I know what do i expect for something free, but if it does not work what good is it?
Super. Used for yrs. Hate that you changed the icon...downloaded a fake...then had to do some searching to find you again.
Seems like a really good app and way to backup SMS, unfortunately for me it's only backing up sent SMS and not incoming SMS, rendering the app pretty useless. If it were to work properly I would give it a 5 star, though.
I have around 41,188 messages and it takes ages to restore and that too it's incomplete. Please fix it. My Internet speed is fine (if it counts). 50mbps.
Good work it's very good app useful good enough features but only takes long time to upload a very low bytes data to Gmail this app need to embedded with any fast uploading server to provide the unloading speed ot try to use some other techniques such as http uploading or Google services.
Funny that I see so many negative comments here when I have tried all the other apps with tons of good feebacks and this is the one that actually works for me, absolutely no complain here. Great job
So frustrating!  Why doesn't this app back up ALL the texts! It's only backing up MY texts, the outgoing texts, NOT the incoming texts! Seriously!?!?
I often communicate with my ex-husband about our daughter via text message and his responses to my texts are often ignored, replied to vaguely, blatantly disregarded or in a very negatively, when it involves something important about our child, her health, or safety. Many of his texts are self incriminating & so I have continued to use this app as I am able to print out the texs & use them towards my case for obtaining full custody when presented to the judge & can also used with/CPS or for a TPO! #Amazing
This app backed up 37000 text messages and restored them after I reset my phone successfully. Why I need all 37000 text messages I still don't know
Most of my recent sms are not there. There was a time when mms were restored, and now I guess they are all lost. What's the point of having them backed up if you can't recover them?!
This app has saved my day several times since I have the call logs and sms in my calendar. Quick and easy search for reference to any call or message. This is definitely valuable application.
Great for backing up and restoring of text's. Worked on Google messenger.  If you had any archived messages backed up, it will not restore as such though.
Issue still continues and it's now 2018. My previous review is from 2016: I'm having to manually go in every day and make sure the app is running and backing up. I have set to back up over data OR wifi and it still won't autostart. Please fix!
Is not saving all data indiscriminately at different date and times. I can see calls on my phone made on certain dates but are not in the back up to Gmail. Need a ability to recheck phone to backup
Has serious flaw. All my sms are backed up to Google but it doesn't restore my messages. Did a hard reset on my phone backed up all 2,000 plus text & call log. Went to restore & it gives me texts from like 2 years ago but most of my texts didn't restore. Smh.
Works beautifully in the background to keep my texts backed up. I frequently forget I even have it installed, but am never disappointed when I check to make sure it's working.
But easily the best. Can't believe you got kicked off play store for the old icon, poor form Google
Partial restore between specified dates will be appreciated. Restoration should be from most recent to older. Recent entries are more important. Even if the process is aborted, recent entries will be available.
I've used this for years, but in the past year it's stopped doing auto-backup. Kinda defeats the purpose a bit, doesn't it? What happened??
So now they asking for donations and if u don't give one you can't use the app. I will be looking for another free backup app..
Auto backup stopped working. Have to manually backup now. I cant find a way of reporting this problem or getting help. Worked ok for years but now its only half working.
It's not auto backing up anymore to my Gmail. When I hit manual, then it will say (ex.) 375 messages to back up but stop on 345 and then say nothing else to back up when I try again. Not backing up all my MMS messages.
I've loved and used this app for a long time.  As of an update 2-3 days ago, the app constantly shuts down and it's not backing up. Please address.
Hi, the app works well. The progress shows it's stuck sometimes. One more thing is, once we are done with backup and restore, where is the option to delete the messages which the app has stored.
This app is absolutely incredible! I never have to worry about losing my texts or my call logs. If my phone were to crash, I know everything is backed up safe and sound in my email.
This is probably the most reliable and easiest way to backup sms, mms and even call log entries in Android! I've used them all: Titanium backup, my backup pro, etc and none of them restore the messages as efficiently and accurately as sms backup + does! Hands down the best backup app for sms, mms and call log
Simple, works, thanx. I have been backed up more than 1.500 log for the last 5 years and there wasn't any problem bug or else.
Just recently moved to 2 step verification for my Google accounts now it is not able to log in. Before this it was really handy.
Worked flawless in my previous S3, but not in Nougat. Have added exception under battery optimisation. A manual trigger of backup works, but it no longer does automatic backup.
Worked great for me, only issues were the backup was quite slow and it said it had only backed up some of the messages when it had in fact backed up all of them.  The restore on the phone was quite a power hungry so make sure you have a good charge before you use it.
I loved this app and used it for about 4 years, but recently it stopped backing up automatically. I spent a few weeks troubleshooting and trying to find the problem but it just isn't cooperating.
Will be better if all messages back up right after sending or receiving them. Some messages dont back up at all, same with calls Still a good app. Could be better! Hope some changes in the future!!
Can you please suggest me what should Iam exactly supposed to do while restoring the SMS since all the backed up messages aren't restored ...the last restored message was 8 months earlier but the messages after that also has been backed but not restored..... Hope to get a positive reply
I love this app. I've had two phone disasters and one replacement in this year, and even though having my text messages disappear wouldn't have been the end of the world, it was great to have them saved. I just now retrieved a recipe that I've asked my friend for 100 times because I can never find it online. I was like ugh I can't ask her for this aGAIN, but then remembered it was saved in my email. Yay! So then I thought, it's time to rate that app because I totally take it for granted. Thanks, guys!
I'm a frequent ROM flasher and this app helps backup'ing my messages. Plus it's online backup on mail which means that I don't need to restore it. Big thumbs up for this feature.
I only managed to restore 15% of all messages... The rest failed to be restored (error description : dups).
I don't know what happened with this app. It was working fine earlier but from last 1 one month it is not backing up automatically. Please do something.
I have used this app for a few years and it had always worked great. My phone recently updated to Android 7 and now the app no longer does an auto-backup. If I manually choose backup, the app works, but the app does not initiate a backup after I receive or send messages.
While changing or updating my mobile I suffered a lot for backing up my messages. But due to this app it became very easy to restore all messages.
First and maybe only review.  I had a botched update to my phone (sony....worst computer software ever.) Anyway the net result is that I couldn't access the settings on my android phone, I couldn't access the homescreen or the app drawer or basically anything, by some miracle I could just about get to the custom lockscreen I had, and by receiving a text in this crippled state I was able to get to the messages app, which still had all my messages, so I knew the data was there.  I tried various programs to get the SMS off the phone onto my computer but none of them worked as it relied on going to the settings which was inaccessible for me :/ By some crazy bodging I managed to get to the wifi setting and turn on my wifi, and also managed to get to the app store to subsequently open this app, finally I connected it to my gmail account and pressed backup....and it did!  2-3 hours after the botched update I'm now sitting looking at my phone slowly tick off all the sms and seeing them appear in my gmail, this beautiful app saved my arse and earned my loyalty, when I have a spare few quid, this dev is getting a donation!   Major Kudos o7
It really does what it needs to do. Please don't change this very good app . . I always keep this in handy for emergency hard resetting of devices . . Congrats! I don't usually write reviews but this one is an exception! Love3x!!
Used to work awesome but now it is only backing up incoming messages. No outgoing messages are being backed up. Anyone find a better one that works?
I used this App to pick up where Back Up to Gmail failed. Sadly it doesn't seem to be working. It said it would back up after creating a label called SMS. It doesn't. I've been running a back up of some 20000 text messages but I have no idea where they're going to. I emailed the developer but got no response.
Please make whats apps backup come back... I prefer use this than whats apps backup into google drive. It's not readable in google drive.
I installed many apps, and no app helping to clone my sms from my old phone to new one on marshmallow. This app help me to backup and restore it easily.
It does not bother about deleted sms.  It should have the functionality like Google contacts in deleting contents..
It doesn't run the backup automatically.  It always errors out.  Otherwise I'd give it 5 stars.
The app runs in the background backing up messages and call logs making easier to find them in my Gmail account. The app does only a couple of things and it does them well.
Scheduled sms messages seem to halt the backup process for normal sms messages. Then it's a pain to kick it back to life again.
Until a day ago, this was a five star app. Now it crashes constantly.
Only thing we need more is the facility to restore most recent items first, in which case we can stop restore in the middle.
This was a 5 star app when the automatic backup actually worked. Now that it doesn't, I'm considering looking for other options. Having to manually prompt it isn't useful.
It ask for your email adress and do nothing else
I only installed this so that I could copy the text of some special messages, then it was running in the background. I didn't notice messenger had the box checked to delete all messages after 200. I freaked out when I noticed that! But they were all saved in my Gmail!
Used this app to save all my mms conversations for my records, sometime in August it started saving incorrectly and states that all messages are from myself instead of actual person who sent. Is there a fix for this issue?
When I back up, it successfully Login and calculating but then failed. A msg showing "error during backup/restore, command select "sms", response #6#, [NO, [NONEXISTENT], unknown mailbox:sms(failure)
Love it  ,  so I made a donation. Do you have one for Apple, as My daughter wants to go to a Samsung phone and is afraid of losing texts
Lost my valuable msgs due to you. Will never recommend this to anyone.
I have no storage on my phone just send all my text messages to my email account worked perfect other app I downloaded did not allow still says not enough storage this one worked perfect highly recommend
I am also having issues where its no longer automatically backing up, like it used to do. Both my wife and i use it, and  both are doing the same thing. Occasionally it will backup, but more so, it doesnt and i have to manually do it.
Honestly, I've been using this app for close to 5 years now. Anytime I get a new phone, or flash a new ROM, this app is one of the first I install. It's fantastic, easy to set up, and after that you can just let it do its thing. I cannot recommend it enough!
This used to be the best app to backup my texts. But it has a bug and it refuses to backup anything anymore irregardless of uninstalling and reinstalling.
Its okay...I have a convo thread that has over 100 messages in it and on the SMS backup it only shows 19 messages...no idea why and that convo thread is the only reason I DL this app. Kinda disappointed
Tried a few other backup apps which I couldn't get to work. This took a while with having 2k messages. Worked perfectly though, brilliant app
Tremendous app! One must have! Unfortunate it does not work with 2-steps sign-in from Google !
It will definitely back up your messages...I say that but I installed the app June 22nd got a new phone...23rd 2015 and it restored messages from Sept. 2014, Idk why...that doesn't help me...thank you for a half done app. I'm not a fan.
Used to use the old version... Got sick of sideloading it when it went from the store... Good to see the torch has been passed... Happy to see it back!
With previous galaxy models it worked perfectly. However I have a galaxy s8, and I continue to have difficulty  saving important messages needs updates to support s8 better
no offline backups. Always starts restoring from 0 if anyhow connection is lost.Really useless as it takes hell of a time literally backing up each sms in nearly a couple of seconds.will never use it again
but it no longer automatically backs up - have over a month of lost texts. this app is also very slow.
Was flawless until recently. Now, I get "Unfortunately, SMS backup+ has stopped" popups from Android throughout the day. Presumably when it's trying to backup, but I can't confirm that. I think it was associated with the Verizon 6.0 update on my Note 4. I've reported through the OS. I've emailed the developer, but did not get a response. I use the new beta.. It seems the app has been abandoned. The last app update was mid 2015. Now I need to find a replacement for what this app did so flawlessly for years.
The first thing I missed when I tried using my Nokia for a week. I use more than one Android and set each to back up to a different gmail folder. This app is perfect!
After initiating restore it shouldn't terminate intermediary. Again and its starting from the beginning. Lost of loss in data n time
After hours of it supposedly backing up, I got an error that I should make sure IMAP was enabled (it was) and that was it. No backup. No way to try again without the long processing time. Just a waste of time.
It's not restoring my texts to my new phone. It keeps saying error. It says all my texts are backed up and at one point was restoring them but then timed out half way through, which took about 10 hours btw... then stopped -_- please fix it!
Can also restore SMS' after backing up. Backing up on Gmail means I can search emails, SMS and call on one place
Yes!, its about time u guys, bought back the app. And I see u guy did an update and it has a NEW LOGO to. I did see the app no more. But its back. I tried the other apps, and they are CRAP. It was a WASTE to DOWNLOAD those apps. I'm glad that u are back. So now I don't have to worry about missing my back ups no more. I can set it to 30mins and and it will backup my CALLS, TEXTS, MMS with no worry. So I recommend this app to anyone that's looking for a good backup app THIS IS THE ONE. DOWNLOAD IT NOW!
Easy to set up! Reliable application with Google backup. Zero problems and I have used for years.
Automatic backup doesn't work with Android Nougat 7.0. Manual backup works. Dear developer, we would really appreciate if you can fix it. Thank you in advance!
I liked this app much... It works like it says.... 21-01-2016--It's a very good app for backing up sms to gmail directly. you can find all your sms in gmail by search. It would be nice if it can backup contacts also to it's google drive or any other drive..
Didn't work. Set to back up every 24 hours, tried to restore my sms. Says last back up 24 July but even with that last texts that have restored are January. Lost everything.
Auto backup does not work, I have it set for two hours. It doesn't back up unless I manually push the backup button. LG V20 android 7.0
This solves my trouble of losing sms and call logs evrytime i changw my mobile. Would be great if whatsapp is also added
Loved this app from day until we got the new Samsung Note 8. Now only backs up manually which is not the reason for why we got this app. Please fix the scheduler or the auto generate back up function. We need to have real time backups for text communications from various contacts.
I keep getting a backup/restore error....I followed the instructions and when I backed up it stops.  what can I do?  I installed the app, access to my gmail, then backup....and it starts then 30 seconds later stops.  "error cannot connect to host"   what does this mean?
Love, love the app. I am divorced and I use it to keep track of the texts that my ex wife and I exchange. Only issue I am having is it isn't autobacking up anymore. I am prompted for permissions when I tap backup.
Reliable.  Rating 'SMSBackup+' with the highest compliment an APP can receive: -Its Reliable-. . It performs as advertised, without hiccups or problems. Thank You.
Have been using this for over a year on multiple devices. I have my sms and mms backed up to my email automatically so whenever I need to reset my phone I still have my messages.
Keeps txtz from piling up on my phone. I can delete them but still have a place of reference.
Just well done. Simple. Works. Great for my time billing. Decided to donate. Laughed out loud! That screen got a donation! Bigly! Cheers, Dev. Cheers!
It broke. Will only back up the received messages now. Would love a fix - this was a great app and very useful.
I'd give it a 5 star if it wasn't for those stupid ads that just bother me about cleaning my device... The app is great for now
Not sure what the deal is but I checked it today and it said it hadn't backed up since 6/25. I have all the settings the way they need to be for it to backup every 2 hrs without Wi-Fi. Really disappointed. Time to find a new app.
This app use to be amazing but now it doesn't back my texts up and when it does it is all over the place with the dates! So angry.
Have used this app for years and it has been very helpfull. However, after I recently got a Samsung S7, it will no longer backup on arrival, nor on schedule. Works only when I trigger manually. The app deserves 5 stars if this issue is fixed.
It kept saying back up successful. But when the time comes 0 SMS restored. Thanks for trusting you with 1k messages that's never really been back up.  Avoid using this and use others
I have been using this app for years, and it worked flawlessly for most of that time, but ever since upgrading to a Galaxy Note 8, outgoing messages are not backed up at all, and auto backup only works intermittently. Hope the dev will fix.
I used this to move my SMS history from an old device to a new device. The SMS backup and restor went smoothly and perfectly. However, the MMS restore functionality isn't written yet, so no good there. I donated. Maybe the author can make it happen.
It no longer backs up my texts and when I tried to restore my texts it only gave me up to July.  It's unfortunate  but it may just be my phone,  not sure
So I'm going from a note 5 to a note 7. Everything backed up. However, I cannot restore at all. Yes, I've granted it permission to change messaging app. No luck. Please help
The best I've tried so far. This app has been so valuable to me, especially in this era of rapidly changing tech (especially phone switches).
App does what it says. It's not attractive but it's stable, functional, and reliable on my Verizon Galaxy Note 5. Would be nice to have the option to perform selective restore of specific message(s).
Getting a new phone is always a stressful time. This is the most useful app I've ever used for this purpose!
After a scare where it looked like my phone was going to completely die and be beyond repair, this was a must-have emergency download. I was pleased with it and it gave me peace of mind. For awhile. Today I finally upgraded from said phone (a Samsung Galaxy S Relay to a Galaxy S5). After taking 8 and a half hours to restore my data (to be fair, there was about 51,000 items to restore), I come to find that the "most recent" messages in my phone are from SEPTEMBER! I did daily back ups, and the files are all present in my email. Why the app won't restore regular MMS messages is beyond me - if you're going to advertise being able to back up and restore messages, but not have the option to restore regular MMS messages, what's the point? I don't understand why that isn't yet a function, and I really wish it was.   I'm still trying to figure out how to tackle this problem and am, at the moment, not very pleased. Thankfully, my email and my old (now sevice-less, but still functional) phone are available as a resource,  but I didn't expect this process to be this challenging. As someone who texts a lot and has a lot of important (or at the least sentimentally valuable) conversations with people via messaging, I thought this app was going to be a lifesaver. While it backs up the data reliably enough, it doesn't seem as willing to deliver on the restoration aspect. Good in a pinch, but be careful that you don't let it screw you over.
Fantastic App! SMS migration solution well delivered!! After trying several other Apps with poor results, you have provided genuine relief, thanks a million!!!
It couldnt restore my call log. Its just restored my msg. It cheated me. I have lost my callog that was importent to me. Plz help me how I recover or restore my callog.
Really needs the limited backup to backup most recent and/or allow a date range to be specified (similarly restore). I have 8000 messages, takes an eternity to do full backup and managed to create 6000 duplicates on gmail as I previously backed up from another phone. Gmail doesn't have any utility to be able to delete duplicates :( I tried to backup just 500 from a third phone and it backs up 500 oldest messages!
Worked perfect till I updated to 4.1.2. Now it crashes every time it tries to back up.
I use this App in its version 1.5.9 as you recommend to keep the WhatsApp support. But could you please create a fork/another SMS Backup+ App to avoid to accidentally upgrade to the latest release that doesn't support WhatsApp any longer. Thanks.
The backup kind of worked, however, viewing the messages from my gmail didn't work at all, the organization was a total nightmare. There clearly was no convention in place for group messages, it just can't display them properly. Another issue it had was that the most texts it put in a conversation was 100, so if I had 1000 texts from one person, it split it up into 10 different conversations. The texts were not even in chronological order, so there's no way to look up texts without searching through every last conversation. Another issue I had was that it wasn't properly showing who sent/received the texts (it flipped them on a lot of conversations). I could live with those issues, but then I discovered the automatic backup wasn't working either. It said that the last backup was 2 days ago, even though I had it set to update every 2 hours/3 minutes(receiving/outgoing texts). And on top of all of THAT, the restore didn't work either. It restored 900 of my texts (it said it was going to restore 18000 and took the time to do so, but said that 17000 of them were duplicates, but it originally backed up 24000, so I don't know what happened to the other 6000). Luckily, I backed up all my texts with a different app that I know works. Basically, pretty much nothing on this app worked as it was supposed to for me.
Used to be five stars but it never backups messages unless you go it yourself, so if you forget, you could end up having to wait for hundreds/ thousands to back. Great Ease of use though having it sync to the specified Gmail folder so they can be easily retrieved any time..
I love this app I've been using it for years but for the last month across all my devices when I try to back up messages it says there isn't anything back up. I heard there's a new security patch maybe the app needs an update. I really wish I could back up again
Every once in a while this app stops backing up texts and messages, sent and received. I now have lost over 2 weeks of texts because this app decided to stop working.
Easy to back up calls & sms to the Gmail account. But automatic backup is not working properly. After few days need to back up manually.
I used to love this app but ever since I got my new phone (Galaxy  S8) it won't back up as scheduled.  Now I'm forced tip uninstall & install a new backup app...
Excellent application. The way it makes backups (to Gmail account) is such a brilliant idea I cannot understand why this is not supported natively by Android. Wish it looked better although it's main purpose is to run in background.
I've been using this app for over a year now at not once has it stopped syncing or done anything it shouldn't.
This app won't  . after I restored my SMS the phone won't work. I can't make or receive calls or sent and  receive SMS ???? Why ? I had to reset my phone and not restore my SMS to be able to use my phone again . I'm using onepluse one (cm12s Android).
My texts and call logs are backed up every few days. I have it set to back up immediately for text and calls, but it still does it every few days.  I'll check to see if things are backed up, and it takes about two days for them to show up where I have to backed up to. It wasn't like that when I first downloaded this app.. Not sure what happened! Is there a fix?
I've noticed it no longer sends my part of the conversation to gmail, only the other part. Can this be fixed, it seems really weird to archive 50% of a long conversation.
This prgram shows lots of promise - i like the fact that all my sms ate now in Google mail as a sub folder. However i have 4000 messages- the backup took 90 minutes despite the MB of this cache of data is trivial.   The most frustrating points are however that counted more than 4000 messages, backed up only 3500 (stopping completely twice in the process)  and restored only 2800 or so leaving the last 8 weeks of massages behind. It  This tool doesnt do what it advertises. I am using a brand new Samsung phone
As others have expressed, app has stopped automatically backing up messages. Also only does sms, would really be nice to expand to mms.
Quick simple reliable way to backup restore export import SMS & call log. Unobtrusive set and forget software. This is how it should be done! Good job. High marks and recommendations.
Auto backup doesn't work even though it's selected in the settings. Every couple of weeks I remember to check it and have to do a manual backup. Don't bother
For several months now it has quit automatically backing up. I have to set an alarm to remind myself to back everything up.Ok
seems to be the only sms backup app that backs up texts in an easily read format. but auto-backup isn't dependable.
This app works seamlessly with Gmail and I never have to think about it.  Everything is automatically stored securely so I can hard reset my phone, search messages in Gmail, restore old messages to the phone, etc.   I researched backup apps last year and chose SMS Backup+ because of the features and ease of use (however I've not personally tried other apps or done more recent research).
Attempted to restore from my backup and was unable to. Other than that, the backup worked great and showed up properly on my Google mail.
SMS Backup+ App is failing to backup...  I tried to run the App yesterday afternoon & instead it sends an error message, "XOAuth authorization error.  Please make sure you enabled IMAP in your Gmail account settings."   The problem is that (after a lengthy search for how to find this "IMAP" feature in Gmail) I only discovered that Gmail IMAP was "ENABLED", so I do not know why this is error message is reoccurring over & over.  The App is also requesting invasive access approvals to interface with my Gmail Acct, as follows:  "SMS Backup+ would like to:  Read, send, delete and manage your Email." in Gmail; then the options given to select are: "Allow" or "Deny" - (By continuing, you allow this App & Google to use your information in accordance with their respective terms of service and privacy policies.)".  -  This is not right or safe, & leaves App users quite vulnerable. - Also, athough SMS Backup+ has multiple URL hyperlinks in their app to read App FAQs, I was not able to find a clearly defined App "Support" (or "Contact Tech") URL link, so I have been forced to Go to Google Play & find a contact E-mail there & am still waiting for a reply.  Please contact me with a reply asap.
I use this app since the beginning. It's a must have I think. It brings to my sms messages to my Gmail account, my call log to a dedicated Google calendar. What else can we ask for? Reliable, lightweight. I have seen some recent commits in the github repository, some improvements are expected.. Big thanks for the developer!
Absolutely perfect! I have used this app since the first release and any time I get a new phone or wipe my existing one, this just restores all my calls and messages without any problems at all. Kudos to the dev.
Successfully able to back up messages from the contact I've texted but not the messages I send. The sms log in gmail only shows messages from the contact.
I used to love this app. Recently though the automatic backup hasn't been working, so I can only backup when I manually do it. I still want to love it, but the point of having an auto backup is so that I don't have to remember to do it every day.
If I correctly remember, this was my very first app from the playstore. Downloaded years ago. Not sure if still working!
I installed this app so I could back up my SMS messages to my Gmail account but it only backed them up backwards from 4th September 2016! That is unsatisfactory and a bizarre thing to do.   I backed up my messages a second time and this time it backed them up to the present time.   What does In App purchases $1.42 to $9.50 per item mean? This is supposed to be a free app! I can't afford to pay that!  I just checked my backed up messages and there are no pictures backed up! I'm not happy with that, obviously!
I have chosen the option of backing up call log, when I restored, the call log never got restored even after multiple attempts.
Awesome app but would love an update to Material. This ICS look and feel isn't great. I'd happily pay a fee for that upgrade.
Reliable app to backup the SMS and call log. Separate label for call log and SMS entry.  Recently there is some issue as auto backup is not happening. Also there is no update since long. Hope the development is still happening.
Great app, works. BUT automatic backups no longer work and now only backups with manual backup.  Fix auto-backups and I'll amend to 5star
This app is great for reinstating text messages. I have had a few handset changes/problems recently and knowing that the back up is reliable is fantastic.
Used to work perfect! I had to factory reset my phone, I backed everything up, and when I clicked restore I got like 3 messages per contact back instead of the full conversation and was missing multiple conversations!
WARNING: it appears that auto-backup no longer works (Galaxy S7). So you  have to manually open the app and click backup.
I have used and loved this app for a long time. Not  sure what caused it but all of a sudden the messages are not auto backing up. I checked my settings and they're set for auto backup... it just doesn't. There is no recent fix or update I am missing :-(
I have used this app for many years and was always pleased with its performance. Since a recent update, only incoming SMS are saved to email. Outgoing SMS are no longer saved to email. Is there a solution?
Either great, but no longer works for 6.0 onwards. Unable to restore my texts to my new phone. 😞
Was a really great app! I ran into a problem where the app said it was up to date but was not and therefore stopped working. Uninstalled and reinstalled, now working again.
Saved me the stress of changing my device along side all personal messages and call logs
Good App. But since the app updated i.e. last week. I have been facing this issue that all the "SENT" TEXT MESSAGES (SMS) are being automatically uploaded in SENT ITEMS GMAIL DEFAULT LABEL FOR EMAIL. Can you shed some insight about  this issue because as per understanding all the SMS should be automatically/manually uploaded in specially designated label for SMS i.e. SMS.
Up and running within minutes, worked out of the box with my Gmail.  Couldn't ask for a better, simpler way to back up sms
Used to be a great app but the automatic backup feature now sucks. It will randomly stop backing up on random date which means after that date, there's no messages that will get backed up.
My only problem is that in my phone xaomi 4 auto backup is not working so please tell me why auto backup is not working in my phone.
Backed up. Reinstalled on new phone... Says newest back up was in Feb.... It's wrong it will restore everything you ever backed up.
App werkt perfect, al jaren. Ik merk er nooit iets van dat deze app op de achtergrond draait, wat dus goed is. Call log en sms worden zonder problemen altijd gebackupped, ideaal. Via gmail kan ik hierdoor ook nagaan wanneer iemand gebeld of gesmst heeft. En bij wisselen van telefoons altijd naar tevredenheid gebruikt gemaakt van de restore functie.
When I backed up the firat sync, nothing shows up in my email, and the log on the ap was empty.
I love this app, but just recently it has started backing up only incoming text messages, and not my replies. I tried uninstalling/reinstalling, but no change.
Why this app is not doing automatic backup even I configured for auto backup? Every time I to go inside the app and do it manually.
This app is reliable, simple to use,  customizable and even backs up pictures that were included with the SMS.  Overall an excellent  app. I go through a lot of phones and this one of the first apps that I always install.
I've been using this app for years to backup my sms, mms, and call logs. The app is super simple to use and does everything automatically, even organizing the items into folders within gmail. It's a great app and has never failed me. It's really nice when I lose a picture someone sent me and I can just go through my email to retrieve it.
I bought a new phone and just wanted to keep my old messages. This app allowed me to do that but much more. Keeping them in Gmail makes them searchable and permanent. No more scrolling for an hour to find a text from 3 months ago. Automatic backup means i can set it and forget.  It doesn't even have ads as a free app. They know they are good enough that people will donate, and I'm going to do just that.
I tried many apps but this came out as simply perfect.  The both way function is just great.  And I donated! Update: cant it redtore sms in marshmallow or up?
Fairly certain this is the app that installed malware which locked me permanently out of my Facebook and email. If the Devs are alive and would like the catlog, plz respond.
Loved the app and the way it works. If all the directions are followed you should have no issues. Just a request from an issue that I've noticed...the app only backs up message that have been successfully sent. Any chance to backup everything in the app? Because it is definitely saved in some memory as I can see it all the time even if it hasn't sent. Thanks.
I wonder why do functionalities like those provided by this app are not Android-native. My single observation is that it should be able to store SMS in GCal, optionally to & instead of GMail inbox (just as it happens with the call log). And I add myself to those who ask for a time-interval restoring functionality. Keep up your EXCELLENT work!!!
Never had a single problem with this wonderful app. It always backs up and restores properly, doesn't cost a dime and is easy to set up & use.
Only saved my conversation not the other persons response. Kind of defeats purpose. Otherwise,  is super easy.
Auto backup time its so long...and I hop give up a another option auto backup instantly.
I've used SMS Backup+ for a couple of years and it has worked flawlessly on my Samsung S4.  I've installed it on another phone, a LG Leon and it now only backsup when I send the phone a txt message. Any other txt messages from anyone else will not backup until I send it one from my phone. Odd.  Great program that has saved me through divorce court.
Previously would have given this 5 stars, but since updating to the Pixel it will not restore my texts. I've tried 4 times, each taking 1.5 hrs each. It will show all texts restored, but when I change back to the messaging app there's only a few texts from 2014. Can I please have some advice?
Works only for small number of entries. For large list it is unable to restore fully.
Everything was quick and easy. Just a suggestion for the developer though, perhaps find a way to backup SMS to Google Drive in a Sheet or something. I think that'd be a wonderful addition.
24/1 The app works fine, but I only just realised the ability to restore MMS is not yet available, though I assume dev team is working on that. I'll change my review when that's no longer a problem. 18/11 Edit: almost a year later and still no MMS restore. Come on guys.
It works well at backing up sms and phone logs. It cannot backup mms however and the auto backup is not 100% reliable. This is a very simple app that does what it's supposed to and it's free! The only feature that I would love to see implemented and that I would probably even pay for is cloud backup to Drive. Cheers!
I have emailed jberkel twice asking for help and no replies to date. All outgoing text is not backing up, mms also not backing up, in either direction and occurring 100% of the time. I have used this app for many years and was very happy with it but now  1 star is a stretch. HELP
Hi..... I want to suggest something.... That is when we delete a message log from gmail why it can't make the backup again??? For example I deleted the message log of my friend because his log consists 100 messages but I want only 50 to 60 that were important.... I restored messages, I also deleted that messages from gmail account in sms able and the I deleted 40 messages of my friend when I tried to backup those 60 messages the app can't make backup of them It shows nothing to back up.....
The best SMS backup app every. I've been using it for years. I can just search for old texts in Gmail. I loved the addition of saving mms too. Set it, forget it, and big thanks to the developer.
Perfect backup app which I was looking for. Very easy to use and very clean and minimilastic interface. However the speed is painfully slow. Hopefully this improves in the future.
I switch from touchwiz to aosp often because I play around with modifications and such, and for anyone wonder it does work between the two without any problems, also works on and between lollipop and marshmallow. -- works between phones, tested by transferring over from the galaxy s5 to the galaxy note 7, works great even with the note 7 being rooted.
Since updating to marshmallow the auto backup has stopped working any ideas when this will be fixed.
No longer being updated, super bummed. This is a great app but the last update was in 2015 and things are no longer working correctly, nor are issues being addressed in GitHub.
I have used this for years, but lately it has not backed up incoming pictures.  I have lost a lot of pictures I wanted to keep because I depended on them being in my email.
My last backup of SMS and logs are taken on 7 Jan 2017. What could be the issue? All settings are same.
Fantastic. Really fast at restoring to a new phone. Backup is slower than restoring but that could be because I backed up on an old phone. Really want to see the mms backup and restore feature.
Does its job reliably and quietly. All messages (SMS and MMS) backed up and searchable through Gmail.
I love this app.  The same simple interface is fantastic.  Thank you for that.  I always have one issue which I don't mind so much and that is whenever I get a new device I have to map this app to a specific directory in Gmail otherwise it doesn't work. But once I get it mapped it's back to the ol reliable sms backup +.
Tried to restore from email to Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and doesn't work get an IO error
It stopped working suddenly and keeps saying "cannot connect to the host." :/ please fix it.
Perfect for what i need. Creates label and folder in Gmail. Only issue is it clutters my searches. No big deal
The restore option is kind of not that stable but it works. Tried and tested it. Just make sure to always be connected to ensure backup.
Unbelievable app!  Backed up  my text messages within minutes  & then created its own label in Gmail  with all information  in tact.  Wow!
This app will back up some of your messages. I just restored after factory resetting my phone and it "restored" over 18000 texts but I have thousands of messages missing from my closest friends. Thousands of messages just gone. It's a neat idea, but I would look elsewhere to actually back up your texts.
4/23/17-App does not auto backup, despite all settings being configured properly. Please fix.  Great app
Easily 5 stars! Anyway we can get a material, light themed update?! I'd pay again!
Doesn't back up MMS.  Backs up when it feels like it. When checking my SMS in my email, I see not all or none of my messages are there.  Yes all proper boxes are checked.  It works in increments of 1 or 2 hours every other 2 days.  But.. Just like others I'm sure I won't get a response.
Great app works great for a few day's then i have to reset it. I'd like to see it autostore text/sms on every send/receive as you get it no waiting time. I'm a father of two teens its easy to delete text before this app even saves them.
Thank you thank you thank you. I had been using "my SMS" to archive messages (especially those from my late wife who passed away earlier this year) only to find out it would only archive the latest 1000 messages. Thankfully my old phone had all of her messages. Backuped with old phone, restored with new- all my messages are back
Had this app for couple of years. Never failed on me. When I transitioned from Samsung S3 to S5, I was able to transfer my texts to the latest phone. It was seamless. I delete my text messages from my phone once a week to free up space. I check my gmail SMS folder to search for MMS if I needed to. Excellent App. Kudos to the maker!!!
I can't find were my backed up stuff is. I've looked everywhere in my G mail account & when I'm in the app & click view log, nothing shows 😕
This app has not backed up my messages since December 25th. I have all the settings to auto backup on Wi-Fi. Why hasn't this app been working?
Not happy. Tried it several times for swapping phones. Seems to double up texts and cause weird things to happen for sent messages for different people. Restore has failed on me when it's almost complete several times using this app. Will uninstall and use something else.
This app is fantastic! I adore how easy it is to use and that it works seamlessly with my Gmail account. The fact that it backs up all MMS data (including pictures and videos) gives it a leg up over Google's built-in backup, for me.
It backs up and sends to my email awsome only problem is it only saves my msgs and not the person that I designated it to save so when I go to look at msgs it looks like I'm talking to myself and I really need the other persons
No option to clean previously backed up massages. Every time, when I need to restore latest massages I have to restore older ones too.  How come app developer  hadn't thought about this? If any body knows how to erase stored massages, please let me know.
Works perfect. I can backup with no effort and transfer to a new device in minutes. Also allows me to search my Gmail Inbox for text messages.
Quick, painless, and even I (non-tech person) did it!  It ran really smooth!  I'd definitely recommend this app even though I've only had it for an hour.
I LOVE this app. It works beautifully; backing up ALL messages (texts & SMS including any multimedia files contained within each text) to a dedicated folder in your Gmail account for easy all-over access when needed.
Simple, easy, and fool-proof. Take that from the authority on the subject.  Signed,  The Fool
Works great but I don't understand why it backs up your MMS messages if it can't restore them.
I just tried a a test, backing up using sms backup+ and after the restore I see it brought back all the sms messages but none of the call logs. It has a check mark box to backup and restore call logs why is this not working?
This app Just Works(tm). I've used this to backup all my text messages for several years to gmail and it hasn't ever failed. It's free, but it's so good that I donated ~3.7 eur via the in-app donation button =)
I have used this application for well over a year now it's come in very handy at times . I don't know what else to tell you this is the application to download if you want to keep track of your SMS messages hands down great job thank you very much.
I use this this app all the time it now it only backs up what I text and nothing from the person I'm texting with. Please help them I will give 5 stars as I really do love this app
Absolutely fantastic as it seems sms are the hardest digital 'things' to backup/transfer. And big shout out to Google!
Tried to contact the developer on more than one occasion but yet to receive a reply. The app stopped working all of a sudden so needed a couple of things sorted out. Disappointed to say the least
Most easy to use. backup sms, mms, call log, and restore the same. even create event in Google calendar for the call log. Useful options. Wonderful app.
Used to work very well. Now it needs manual back ups and only backs up one side if the text conversation
The app is not finding any sms or mms messages using Verizon's Message+ app. Loved this app but now I'm not able to use it unless I change my text app. Hopefully developer can look into this.
The app was great for years, but recently it will only backup the last message received... I would love to know how to fix it so I can keep using it
It was a great app until the auto backup stopped working. Instead, you have to manually backup texts. It's easy to forget that though.
This app is so wonderful. I love how it automatically backs up my txt msgs, and not only to my gmail, but even to the specific folder/label in my gmail that I want them to!! I wish they would make this for iOS devices too though. But I highly recommend this app!! Thank you Jan!!  :D
Trustworthy, Superb, Amazing, Reliable And User-friendly! Thank you so much for your marvellous app, Jan! I have been using your app for more than a year - it backs up all my SMSs seamlessly and silently without a glitch so it deserves a donation, to which, I have! All the very best!
Perhaps the greatest set up of all sms backup programs...however after years of use, for some reason in the last months it won't stay logged into google to back up accordingly, even after deleting and reinstalling, sane issue came back.
I had just over 3,290 sms and mms. They all transferred from my HTC 3D EVO to my Samsung galaxy core prime. It took a little while as we have poor WiFi speed. But I am very happy. Very simple to use app. Thankyou.
For some reason it will not work with the note 7 .. it never backs up anymore and when  it does it only backs up received messages. I've emailed you all and never got a response back
Can someone please help, I am not able to backup my texts to GMAIL anymore since I got my Google pixel phone. I uninstalled and reinstalled SMS Backup+ and still same issue.. any help please
Great app. I just wish it would restore from newest to oldest. I did a partial restore and got texts from 3 years ago. I wanted my most recent.
Total waste application, as it has backed up I reset my mobile in a expectation that it will restore,but it could not restore the total thread of message, I got only 10-12 messages restored out of More than 2000 messages
It doesn't backup sent SMS. Why would I want a bunch of one-way conversations. Even with the received SMS backup, it only saves 100 messages at a time, and not in order, so the emails are all over the place.
I am a huge fan of your app. Ben using for years and it does its job in a fantastic way. I love it. Thank-you for creating such an application. Is it possible for to update a feature where the messages can be synced just like call logs?
Not backing up my sent message with the text conversation please fix ASAP!!!! Still having this issue.
Has one job and it does it better than any other app. Quick, simple, clean interface. Had a backup started in less than 20 seconds after connecting Gmail account. This is what all apps should look like. It just works!
Developer appears to have abandoned this app. ---- You couldn't ask for a more straightforward application.
No longer backups on own.  Doesn't help when trying to help track your kids sms and constantly have to check to see if it works.  Please fix automatic back up to working again.
Thanks to developer . I really like it. I had deleted all my messages but after installation of this app ....  Feeling good and I hope that all my messages are safe and sound ...
Had the app for some years now and it was working for the first couple of years  now with this update it does not backup at all I set it for 2 hours and after 2 hours it does not back up i set it up for 6 hours  and still does not back up please update the app I have email the developer and I have not got a response back yet please update the app
DOES NOT WORK SINCE LAST UPDATE... I'VE BEEN USING THIS APP SINCE IT CAME  OUT....I WILL NO LONGER USE IT SINCE I HAVE TO BACK UP EVERY THING  MANUALLY...A TOTAL PIECE OF ****
The app keeps asking to allow it to back up my emails. Each time I select "deny". Within a couple of minutes I receive another notification asking me the same question.  This is beyond annoying.
Just restored 290290 msgs to my new phone.. took me 13 hrs but it happened.
Edit : How the hell did this app get to uninstall itself?? I just used it to restore 2 days ago as all my text messages disappeared. Happened again today so was about to do the restore again and the app was nowhere to be seen. Play store says install.
I am not able to restore messages. Even After choosing as default app, the application is showing only calculating for ages but it's not restoring any messages. Oneplus one
Said it backed up 25k messages but only backed up 5k. Not really any use, meant I lost a lot of messages when I had to reset my phone
Cannot backup conversation. I want to backup a conversation between me and my friend but this app only backupmy messages send to them, doesn't have the messages they sent to me. So stupid. There is no option to backup messages that others send to me.
Would start the process then stop all of a sudden ,and never finished. I deleted it numerous times n installed again had the same problems every time.
I've used this on multi devices and haven't had a problem yet keep up the good work
Nice app, but if I have a Google account with 2 step factor, it seems the login not working correctly for the background service. AT least I am receiving a warning with sign-in request.
Needed an SMS backup on a phone with limited options, ended up backing up texts from phones with better options, too, as Gmail backup is preferable to me - but I expected to have to develop my own app for that option.  Well crafted app, LOVED it enough to make a donation.
Not backing up to email properly. Only does so when it wants then stops all togeather.
Brilliant app, I used it to transfer my call log and texts (all 13,00 of them) over to my new phone. It was super easy and I had no problems. Great app; if you're looking for an SMS transfer app, look no further!
Not working on my new HTC One M9.  Shows connecting to my google mail account for ten minutes or more, but never backs anything up.  No meaningful error message.
It has worked very well for me for years.  However there is a new thing and it must be a new. Texting technology being used by some phones. Because it will not backup some of my text threads.  I don't know what to do.
Use to work but for the last 6 months  it doesn't auto back up and when it does it's only one side of the the conversation you see,  you will lose valuable information
I have attempted to backup my text messages several times in the last 12 hours. It will only back up a small number of messages from 2016...none from 2017! I need help!
Backup manual ok but slow, backup schedule not very well. Set 1min for sms arrived and 1hour auto backup but not work in my Redmi Note 3.
Effective app. However, it sometimes simply stops working and makes the SMS service a bit slower than normal.
Please help me. I backup , then i delete all sms in gmail & trash . please help me restore all sms. Urgent!!!
Selected ALL items for backup and after waiting 12+hours for the SMS backup to complete, log in to try Gmail to find that only 100 messages per contact conversation actually are available for backup.. What's up with this? The whole point is to have everything backed up!
I have used this app for many years.  I have now backed up my messages and have performed a factory reset and now I have come to restore my text messages, however, it only downloads some of my text messages and not the latest ones.  Frustrating.
I installed it and ran backup. It backed up some messages and then stalled. I restarted my phone, now whenever I open the app, all I get is a black screen. I uninstalled, rebootef, then reinstalled and I'm getting the same problem. I think there are corrupted files that don't get uninstalled, but I can't find them.
When backing up a picture message to gmail, it's backed up as if I sent it to myself. Makes it impossible to search for a picture that was sent to a contact. Nexus 5X, stock messaging app.
Does what it says, reliably. There've been so many occasions when this came in handy, for example... someone sends you their address and months later you want to send them a birthday card without asking them their address and ruining the surprise. Search Gmail, Done.
I have been using this for years. It's very intuitive and actually helped me with a legal situation I was in because I needed texts from 2 years ago so just pulled up my gmail account, and lo and behold they were there.
This app is one of the first ones I download when I get a new phone or wipe an old one. After that, I forget about its existence until I need an old text, and then I thank god I have it and forget it again.
I know Oreo 8.0 backs up texts and call logs, but they're only accessible on phone. But with this app I can easily search through past texts in Gmail on desktop computer, all property date and time stamped.
Maybe I'm doing something wrong. I have over 11K msgs but the app stopped after just over 3K; and it split msg threads into multiple email threads.
We heavily rely on this little app.  We hate losing our text messages every time we switch phones, so this is an absolute Lifesaver. Works very well!
Omg used the other "sms backup" app and couldn't get it to work, downloaded yours and BAM it worked!! Thank you! Bought a new phone and years of texts came with me. You all are a lifesaver!
New threads are being created and are not syncing correctly. Usually its one list of my sending and another for the recipient. My messages look scrambled and overpopulated
This app is bullshit..I have my IMAP connected & it keeps giving an error to make sure Imap is on through my gmail account yet it still won't work..uninstalling
It saves your SMS/call logs on your gmail account, which gives you flexibility to access it via desktop as well, entire process takes few minutes, the app is light and performs it's job very well
This app has saved my ass more than once.when it comes to switching phones or  in my case, this allowed me to preserved years of calls logs and texts. Legend whoever made the all
After a factory reset I have to backup all my data from scratch. It works, but I wished it were smart enough to do the delta. So, I back up 22,000 messages, factory reset and restore those 22,000 messages then when I go to back up again I have to back up 22,000 messages plus anything new.
Everything is great EXCEPT group messages are split up. Each person's response goes to their own individual thread, rather than creating a group thread.
For some reason when i first downloaded the app it loaded all the messages but then after i received more messages i could not get them to load to the convo?
Used this app 2 years ago,  got my new phone today and it's done the job .  Well pleased.
Doesn't auto backup anymore. Kind of disappointing since I forgot that it doesn't and delete things than I remembered I didn't remember to double check it backed up.
Yeah it backs them up but not as conversations. So 20 messages back and forth to one person are backed up as 20 messages, not a single conversation
Backed up all my big threads I want to save right to my email, super easy. Great app, does exactly what I needed.
Used for years, suddenly may stopped auto backups. Will back up manually, but that does no good, need auto backup...  Going to look for new app. Note 7 (exploder 7000)
Sma backup is verry easy... restore system very bad. very very long time...
Great app. Syncs my contacts and sms to my gmail and that helps me to refer any sms or bring all those contacts when moved to a new phone (non Android)..   Wish you had a version for iOS. Do you have one?
Just what I needed!! It's a good thing to connect with google and gmail. Please add a feature where you can auto back up a single thread and not back up all threads.
Use to backup automatically but since long time now auto back up is not at all working,.need to do it each and every time manually. Try to fix it asap. or we need to look for others
Since July 3 2017, SMS backup is not uploading to Google. But call log uploading fine. Can you check what's issue with SMS uploading?
Once again a text to email app that does not work for me.  When I get back up all it did was say that it backed up one item and it wouldn't tell me what item and I saw nothing in my Gmail. I've been trying to backup my texts for 3 freaking years and cannot find an app that works. My phone is overloaded and out of space.
It works but does not auto-backup reliably at all. It can go days or weeks without backing up once even though I connect to wifi multiple times a day for long periods of time (and have it set to backup over wifi only). Please fix this!
This app used to back up ALL text messages incoming and outgoing. Now it only backs up incoming messages. How come?!? 🖓🖓
Backup SMS which is contact listed but not backup company SMS which is notification SMS . I am in big trouble. I used mi brand mobile. Have any solution ? Please help me .
wont work as default app for messaging so thus on a new phone restore wont work to restore messages however all SMS and call log can be backed up to gmail
App is very good I can able to restored my lost SMS but this app doesn't backup the SMS automatically even the option is active. Please update the app without any bug.
it keeps stopping even though it's not finished it and now it'll only back up texts that i have sent which is the complete opposite of what i wanted out of this app.
So, this app let me do an html export of my messages, when I returned after a reset, no option to restore from any non gmail source. Wth? This is much worse than flat out not working.  So much regret. Save yourself the same.
How do i send wat i backed up which went to my email from my old phone to my new phone
Like others I've used this for a number of years now. That is generally amazing for any app, it does what it says and has saved me when I needed a bit of info but deleted the text in my phone.
I chose to upload my SMS and when I hit the review log button it pops up a blank box with only an option to push OK
Backed up on my old phone tried to restore and while it said complete, the most recent text message is from 2012. Highly dissapointed.
App only seems to backup messages I've sent. Am I doing something wrong?? Help!!
Had to factory reset my phone and tried to restore my messages but keep getting an error message that just says IO error. Please help!!
This app saved me... phone crashed unexpectedly and didnt have contacts backed up, couldn't restore from drive, but this app had everything stored in cloud.
I used to love this app but for some reason over the last couple months it's not automatically saving my msgs. I have to go into the app & save them manually.
Sms restore is not working. I got I/O time out. I have more than 100k sms backed up and want to restore all the sms on my phone.
Now this App doesn't backup to sched, will not backup by settings, backup fails at end of the month--every 7 days will not backup as config; manual backup now used primarily.
cannot connect to gmail getting error after updating app. no mailbox error
It's great! Everything that I needed was backed up and I was able to restore some of my message history with my contacts.
It's sorcery! I've been using for years and can refer back to texts from 2013!!!  Can't beat it and well, sometimes you just need evidence of that text conversation- and you have it!
It only backed up a portion of my texts. I was hoping that it would back up every single one like it said it would
I have around 2000 SMS. Program backed up only 190 of them. Whatever I do, it doesn't want to backup the rest. Backup is very slow.
I uses to love this app but for over a year my auto backup feature does not work. I have to manually update and i always forget
I just backed up all my WhatsApp messages in maybe a minute. I use WhatsApp a LOT more. Yet here I am..over 130 Mbps internet..and this backup is barely 10% done after 10+ minutes (less than 3,000 texts).
I could not run my business without this app...it almost acts like a FREE automated CRM
Auto backup doesn't work anymore. Haven't backed up in 4 days. Please fix
Worked before I switched to project-Fi, then doesn't.  I use hangouts for SMS so may be hangout compatibility issue.
Awesome..this app did exactly what I needed it to do. Saved my important text that I needed to preserve for legal action in the future. All save to my email as SMS.
Past week or so the app stopped backing up all my texts and calls.
This app is a SCAM !!! It is malicious in the sense that it tricks user into believing it actually performs a backup. It does not. Backup CANNOT BE RESTORED. This app is a complete fake.
Just install and forget, then it keeps working in the background. Only realize it's doing its job when I search in gmail and find smses and call records uploaded by this app. Many thanks for developing this!
Backup all sms but when restore its back me only sms from last 24hr. All sms option are selected in both restore and backup setting.
Why do I need to download your messaging app to replace my stock one to restore my sms backed up in gmail.. carp!
This app did not back up any of my current messages, only stuff from 2  years ago, and didn't back up any of my call log. Very disappointed!
This is the one of the first app I install on my android phone, I don't have to backup my sms, I can search easily sms on email.
Painfully slow, would have been quicker to send by post. Downloaded another app with a similar name, what a difference. Completed backup and transfer in a no time at all.
This helps so much especially when you want to have a faster transition to a new phone. Regular updates to backup make it that much easier and calm to not lose necessary texts.
This app was flawless for a long time, but recently it's running out of memory and I get an alert "Unfortunately SMS Backup+ has stopped" every 2-3 minutes, making this app unusable.
Can use more than one phone without loose call log and sms BUT sync not always success and don't items are not aligned if more devices add item after sync data
Used to work but won't backup anymore and just got a new phone and won't restore what I have backed up.
I have been using this simple program for years, never fails me, yes mms would be nice, but for the sake of space I don't need it. Lovely app. Perhaps have a option to allow mms?
apparently it won't backup Google voice texts from hangouts.:-\. This would not really be that big of a deal expect that it's difficult, if not impossible to search Google voice texts.
Worked flawlessly until the August update. Now no backup of MMS and  crashes all the time!
I really like it. However i would appreciate if the backup interval could be changed to something longer than just 24 hours - preferable once per week for me.
Dunno if I did anything wrong. The restore function never gave me back my call log, only sms.
After I had done a backup and format device . I tried to restore ( it said 0 item ) . I'm really shocked 😤😠😠
This program no longer backs up my SENT text messages, which I need for my business to record what I send to my customers. It used to record all text messages and stopped. I noticed another review saying the same thing happened a year ago and that no one ever replied. I too reported this issue to support with no recognition that I sent a request for help. What other programs back up in a cloud the sent and received text messages? I obviously need to switch since the company does not seem to offer support for this program anymore.
Backs up the messages in my Gmail, under tag "sms", as if they were email conversations. It maintains time and dates that the messages were sent. This app is amazing!
I love this app very. At the beginning it used to backup whatsapp mesaage. But since whatsapp upgraded its encryption to crypt 5,6,7 to till date, this app doesn't work for whatsapp anymore.  Please update it for whatsapp messege backup also please.....
I forgot those days when I switched phone and lost all messages, this app backup all sms in gmail under the 'sms' label
I don't normally leave reviews on apps, but this one is where it's at. Very useful if you are changing phones, or installing a custom ROM. The developer deserves much credit for a flawless app
Keeps crashing on manual backup when backing up MMS.  Ridiculously slow. Haven't tried Restore or auto backup but that probably doesn't work either. 😤. Pixel 2XL  with Oreo.
I love possibility to use your own IMAP server. I do have my own mail server on my own server. Great I can use that and no spying cloud service. Thank you for this! Power users (admin) choice!
A must have app! I like the fact that it can store SMS + call log in Gmail, each with its own label. Would like to see improved UI + some bug fixes.
It stops backing up moments after screen blanks and network connection stops. Does not backup on device apparently
I cannot restore my sms and call log that I backup from my gmail.
Signed into my email but keep getting error message whenever I try to restore my messages to my new device
Why is it only backing up the outgoing messages?? I will update rating if I can ever figure out how to back up incoming as well.
Auto backup not working on redmi note 4 every time I have to backup manually so please resolve this issue .
I've used this app for a while,  previously would've given 5 stars, but just installed updated version (I never updated my old app) and it backs up  mms that I send, but not what I receive.  Please fix asap.
I thought the app wasn't working anymore since it was auto backing since Nov. I figured out tonight that this app was set on auto optimization which doesn't allow the app to run as needed if you don't open the app for 3 days! I removed it from the list & bam its working again!!!! So those of you having issues check you power settings.
The backup process is frustatingly slow. It backs up 1 message per second. I have 3000 messages. I cannot wait that longer.
Auto backup doesn't work. You often need to start it manually :|
Did not backup all of my texts...only the beginning and end. Tried to change setting and then it said there was nothing to backup
Does the job perfectly. Using it for last 2 years and restored my SMS' for almost 5-6 times in two years due to hard reset and handset change. Worked well for all my used phones.  All the best to the developer
You may have to wait 30-60m for everything to backup though if you have 1000+ messages.
I'm giving this app 3 stars bc for whatever reason it won't upload mms. It worked fine for a while... Samsung did an update and now it's not uploading all my messages!
It  freezes every two days because of the new stage freight patch which keeps  programs like this from stealing your info
It used to backup without any problems or my help. However, that is not the case now I'm always getting an error message or have to manually do it even when it's on "require wifi" to backup. Please help or fix. Thanks.
I tried other APPS with no luck this one worked great.  I will donate to this one and you should use it and donate too.
Not automatically backing up.  Set auto to 30 minutes.  Initially it was working.  Then did a back and forth text.  It did not back up.  The app stays idle. Very annoying.
I use it to catch my boyfriend up cause he don't how to get into my email best app I've ever downloaded
Worked great on my galaxy s5 but now with new Samsung j7 it only works for a few days before I have to manually back up...please fix and make this app awesome again
Has worked silently and efficiently before 1.5.10. This version seems to break the automatic backup.
I never imagined it would be so easy to backup your sms dump. great job! highly recommended
I've been using this app for a few years on every Android phone/tablet I have. It works perfectly, even when I restored the whole backed up messages onto my new phablet. Must have app. ☆☆☆☆☆
I've been having to do multiple backups because this application doesn't backup SMS completely in one shot. This is my third time pressing the backup button, and it has barely put a dent in the amount of text messages I want to backup. The only reason why I'm using this app is because it backs it up to Gmail versus other applications will only back it up on the phone storage.
It only backs up my side of the conversation. What good is that? Used to work well, but hasn't in a long time
It doesn't auto-backup after a while. All this time I was under the illusion that my SMSs are safe.😱
With Android 6 it's not doing backup as well it's not restoring backup messages. Development team plz check for this issue
Backed up everything I needed. Texts, messages, call logs.. Something I couldn't get out of other apps...
No SMS backup solution has worked as good as this so far, no problems and totally removes the hassle when switching ROMS.
Well I've waited to long for MMS restore. You add it to the settings but never made it available. And when I restore my texts they never show up.i guess that app does not work anymore. Uninstalled
A little bit buggy sometimes but does the trick. Don't pay for Verizon cloud.
This app used to capture my incoming and outgoing text messages. However now when I backup no outgoing messages are captured
This app used to work perfectly but ever since mid-September 2016, it only backs up SMS I have received, not sent.  So I only have half the conversation.  PLEASE FIX THIS!!!
Bear app ever. NEVER lose text messages, great to keep track of phyco stalkers, ex girlfriends, or just keep messages with important documents or photos senr to you.
It's been stuck on December 5 th for about a month. And will not update all messages. Only some have.
Restore process us very slow.. it takes hours to restore messages.
I use it a lot. Perfect to use with Gmail , creates label you can select and goes into its own SMS inbox. Sent in a small donation too. Keep up the good work !
Att advanced messaging will jack this app up.  Turn advanced messaging off & this app is still the best.
Usually it work but now it can't enable to connect please fix it
Not automatically backing up.  The last time texts were backed up was Nov 27 it is Dec 3.  Please fix
Doesn't work. Gets about 75% through my backup, then the app closes every time I try and restart.
Great app but needs updates, no longer auto backing up regularly. Last update was in 2015.
The back up doesn't seem to be consistently performing on its own in the background. Also, although it backs up MMS messages, it can not restore them and it takes forever to restore messages if you have a lot.
Simple. Has filters so you're only saving what you need. Restore on phone takes a little while for everything to show back up on your device, even after restore is complete but everything is in your email if you need it.
Backs up call logs and messages with Gmail and marks them on Google calendar too! (only if you opt for it). Restore works like a charm as well! Thank you devs for such a great app. Keep it up! 👍👍👍👍👍
Great app but I wish I could set it to back up both sent and received messages immediately after it is received. At present you can only set it to back up received messages 1 minute after received but sent can't be set for anything less than 30 minutes.
Doesn't work. It says there's nothing to backup but I have a whole list of text messages
Horrible app o just wanted to backup my messages but the app decided to backup  call log and what not which was a total of 1 item and it took frickin 15 minutes to just backup data worth 7kb  Horrible
Sms received is the only backup. Sms sent by me is not backed up, making  the backup useless to document ALL comminication.
it keeps saying errors for my email account and I've had it for a long  time. the change in the application is. the problem. not happy. Donna Eubank
Auto backup stopped working after moving to lollipop on my Asus Zenfone 5.. Everytime I'm manually clicking backup..
Used to work well, but stopped working recently, even after reinstallation. Developer does not reply to email.
I keep getting this msg when every I try to back up. Can I get some help please?
whatbis going on? worked for a long ti. e and today it has just started failing on every attempt to backup
POS app only restored what I sent out and didn't give me back what everyone else sent to to if I'm doing something wrong let me know until then this app is a Piece of ****
Worked well for several years but as of late last year will not automatically back up anything.
Backed my phone up. Got a new phone. And this app deleted all of my backups and said I didn't have any!! Emailed creator .. they didn't respond!
Seems to do as advertised.  I'm hoping the deletes are only one way; on the phone only? Please verify my understanding of deletions on phone only and seperate/second deletion required on email.
I think something is broken with this app, when I look at my backed up messages in gmail, everything is listed as 2016, nothing in 2017
Not backing up on Note 5. I sent the developer an email today (April 2, 2018) let's see if they respond.
Had the same issue with not auto backing up, changed power options to never optimise seems to have fixed the issue :)
Saved 353 out of 3528. Gave app 24 hours to auto backup just to cover any data issues.
I have a question if I have this app sync to my Google account will it auto back up that device also
I use this app every time I switch from one phone to another, it's indispensable. I would however, like an option to restore the last x weeks or months of SMS, not the last x quantity of SMS. Just emailed the developer to request this option.
I tried 6 times, it kept saying I " must" switch back to messeging, or switch back to backup+, an after 6 time it finally said " error during backup/restore"  Error 10. If, I back, I must uninstall.
Going have to look at an alternative app. This is now just a bobbins app. It dosent nor ever backed up mms messages. It takes DAYS to back up even if at all. Overall don't bother with this app. Look for something different.
Very pleased with the functionality of this app and it is so convenient to have my SMS messages available in Gmail! It did a great job backing up and restoring 10,000+ messages when I switched devices :)
Using it from many years and it's a wonderful app. Only required to setup once and forget that you have even installed it. It will back up your sms and log without any hassle.
I loveD this app, but recently it wont download/save my responses to the person texting me. I've uninstalled it and restored the settings but still nothing. Only those who text me is getting saved. HelP!!!
Backed up before I reset my phone and it doesn't work. Lost thousands of texts that are in retrievable now.
Was working very well, but about 6 months ago, it stops to perform backups automatically, We should do this by pressing the "Backup Now" buttom, i.e. Manually! Should you fix it please.
This app works exactly the way it is described unless I want automatic backups. If you want to delete messages, I suggest that you double check for the last backup time stamp before you do anything.
You ever see thst stupid infomercial for the rotisserie? Well this is just like that. Set it and forget it.
But unable to donate for your app using idea billing...
Backing up a year or so's worth of SMS and contact info was kind of a passing concern for me but this app made it so easy it seemed dumb not to do it.
It's a very useful, simple and neat app for backing up your messages and call logs. Well done!
Sweet.  It messages go right to my email so I can have them for the long term.  I needed this after getting a new iPhone and didn't want to just wipe all of my conversations.
Recently it can't backup sms & call log automatically on my P10, i had to manually backup every now and again its annoying, used to work perfectly on my Sony C3
Great for backing up to your own server too. Opensource. Would be nice if it would backup telegram too... Restore never worked for me, but I don't need that. Must have app.
Worked great for the longest time but then I might have gotten an update and it no longer backs my messages up as it used to. They used to backup right after receiving the message but it no longer does.
This is great, however,  I have another app loaded... and need the space. Use this confidently,  it works great!
Not working SMS after 24 September is not backup in my smartphone so plz solve this issue
Error During backup/restore : Cannot connect to host.
I cant back anything up anymore. Some error, says i need to turn on imap. Its on and still error
Tried several times to Restore with WiFi and data but constantly getting IO message.
Love being able to save my text messages.  If you use your phone for business and need to be able to look back from time to time this is the best way too be able to.
Great app...Takes some time to learn, but WOW it is so handy to have these things on my computer and calendar.
I can't get it to work on my Oneplus one. Just force closes constantly.
It doesn't give the option to 'Backup WhatsApp' msgs. Sth should be done to make that option universal. Thank you
Excellent use of the Calendar to log calls. Great on battery and scheduled backups. Integrates with Gmail well. Would be interesting to see a call recorder built in, which could upload the records to the Calendar as well.
This is an absolute necessity. You can look back and see everything so easily.
Seems to stop backing up when I leave the app, almost like it doesn't work in the background.
Perfect to back up the hundred of texts I receive. I can search the email if I need to review past texts.
Copying to another same model phone.  Call logs were perfect but SMS history all had today's date.  I am on gingerbread 2.3.5 moto droid x2.
For some reason after I selected specific contacts (a group), it is only backing up my outgoing messages and not the entire conversation. How do I fix this?
i really love this app,but i have a question..if i have conversations on blacklist,will they still be backed up?
No longer working on Nexus 6p with marshmallow. Will not backup to gmail automatically or if forced.
Only backed up some of my text messages. Lost a lot of my most recent ones. Stupid app
Having problems with it stopping the backups every 3 days then I have to go in the app and restart  it
I bought a new phone (Samsung Note 5) and now don't work no more ...how come? Please fix!
Great msg backup tool. I dont ever have to think about deleting conversations - I know where to find them.
it worked but then the auto backup started blocking my text messages and I had to uninstall
Mostly worked, but missed restoring the last 6 months data! It's all there in my Gmail account, but the app says everything is synced
Doesn't work anymore to backup SMS in Android N. Used to work great, but the last backup date for my SMS was Nov 5. Strangely, the call log is still backing up daly. :(
Without auto-backup on Huawei P9 this product loses a star. It was 5 stars with Sony, but now I must remember to manually backup. Will there be a fix please?
Waited nearly an hour for this stupid app just to begin to install. Not worth my time.
I like it. But recently only backs up sent texts not received from a specific contact... any idea why that would be??
Does back up SMS and MMS to Gmail with whatever label you define in the program. You can back up everything or just certain groups of contacts. Easy to configure and easy to use. A must-have.
As soon as display goes off, backing up hangs and by Stop button is restarted...BB Priv
I use it for my two phones and it works like a charm.  But I want the app the backup incoming message instantly instead of 1 min.. Maybe the author can implement that?
THIS APP WON'T UN INSTALL...  HOGS RESOURCES..  THERE ARE MUCH BETTER AND EASIER TO USE  APPS....   HORRIBLE..  AMATEUR PROGRAM( MING)
This send my text to my email at the times I want to send them and I can search for what I'm looking for just by a key word also its individual not everyone in same email. Works great for me.
Brilliant, worked flawlessly backing up SMS messages and call logs from my S7 Edge to my Huawei Mate 9. So good that I donated to the author to encourage him to support it.
Does just what it's supposed to do. Quick, simple, easy to use, and backs up messages so they're easy to access and read from any device connected to your Gmail.
Why would you store your messages on Gmail/Google email account?! Developer, how safe/private are my SMSs really? I did not finished installing as storing my SMSs in email account is is not acceptable for me, not sure about other users... Your call! Or should I say SMSs?
Would give it 5 If...hadn't been requesting some help with error message fornearly a year with no response.
This app used to be awesome for automatically backing up texts and call logs. However, the auto backup no longer appears to work, must now remember to do manual backups.
For all you note 5 users remove the app from app optimization and it will work perfectly again
I loved this app when it worked. Now I have to manually back up. I am using a Samsung S3.
Use to work great but last 6 months does not back up always and for some reason doesn't catch all texts and back up.
It's not work the again restart the phone that time it's start again all rebackup... This is disadvantage of this app
Factory reset or new phone! Never mind :D All thousands of previous messages within minutes! Best app i have used so far.
tried to back up sms on Freedompop network on Samsung S3 but couldn't restore sms on new a fone. totally waste of time. backup file supposed to be on Google drive but nothing!
I've been using it for a few years. Does a good job backing up but it really needs a time span for the restore. I'd rather not restore texts all the way back to 2011.
Does everything it needs to with no problems. This is the first app that has made me re-search it in the app store just so I could give it 5 stars
Plz add an option as to from which numbers we want to back up sms aor atleast from which time period. I wanted to back up my sms n it showed 20000 sms..so i had to drop the idea...
This app wants full access to my Gmail account, including reading my emails, deleting my emails and sending emails. No chance.
If you can follow simple instruction, this app is most dependable for SMS backup to your Gmail account.
Had to transfer 8000 texts.. was a bit slow but did a perfect job
SMS sent after 2/18/2016 are no longer backed up. Reset and re-installing didn't help. It used to work perfectly before.
I cannot find my sms back up folder in gmail. Not backing up
This software did back up all messages and photos from my Note 3 to my Gmail account online. However, when I restored to my new Note 7, it didn't restore any messages that included photos.
First app I install after getting a new phone or flashing a new ROM. Amazing app!! Has worked beautifully on the Dinc, Thunderbolt, gNexus, Moto X (2013) & Nexus 6.
Does what it claims to do but why have an auto backup menu option when it doesn't work?
Used to love this app but it just stopped working.  Contacted developer and never heard back.
Auto backup doesn't work, and the app hasn't been updated in over a year. Avoid.
I cant get this to restore anything . Keeps getting error message
It back up all my SMS to the Gmail without any notification. Is there any way I can get notification?
Auto update of sms&call log dont work anymore. Huawei P9
This app no longer backs up all text messages. It mainly backs up the received text message and picks and chooses between the sent ones. Please fix this. This app was perfect before it started doing this
I have used this app since 2012 and I  love the way this puts all of my texts in my email folder. It separates each person and I have both sides of the conversation. Love it!
Not work properly in sumsang j5 16 show idel not backup any time calls and sms plz do needful solve problem
Most important APP on my phone: this program has saved nearly a decade of memories that built in backups would have deleeted. This is literally the first program I install on every phone.
Fix and ill rate a 5 thx this is annoying smh
As a small business this is fantastic for archiving all of my conversations. It works flawlessly, and with a couple filters in gmail, I never have to even think about it. Perfect for my needs.
Love the idea but can't get automatic backup to work... Can only run manually. Any tips?
It restored texts and my call log which is pretty useful but if it won't restore my picture messages then it just doesn't cut it.
I can't edit what conversations I want to restore, so I have to wait and download all 52,000 messages I've ever sent, or have nothing restored to my phone. Not why I installed this app.
I've had this app for awhile now.It use to come in handy but now it won't restore.
I like this app. It is very useful when switching phones. I would suggest to have a restore by time duration feature as in restore my sms from the past year
I just noticed MMS can't restore! What a shame! (Feature not available yet)
I've been using the since 2010 and works great but it has stopped to auto backup. I'm using Nexux 6P and auto backup is not working. Please fix.
Always install this app on your Android phone. In every Android phone. Thanks for keeping my messages safe and now much more easier to login. Love the new icon!
I am on nougat, why the insistence ro change sms app? Di you mean kitkat or later??
This app is great other than it doesn't grab photos contained in the texts and didn't seem to grab the most recent texts to date. Besides that all good!
I'm not able to add my Gmail account, it keeps saying disallowed_useragent
This worked for me better than sms backup and restore app. I have an LG G flex and around 5000 messages. It didn't transfer the photos though
I love this app! However it does not back up my daughter's texts nor my man's. I'm not sure why or how to fix it. If anyone could help, that would be epic.
Great app for transferring SMS but not for MMS.  I can appreciate the fact that I get to keep my messages but what good is a message that has a picture attached but i only get the message.
Used it my og droid and now, Bionic. A special place in my heart. Edit: I now have this on my Galaxy S4. Still works perfectly . great job on development. Edit. I now have this installed on my Droid Turbo. Still works perfect....
Was able to succesfully transfer SMS to different phones. Free app without imposing advertisements. Unfortunately Google yet to make backingup all necessary items like SMS more convenient.
This app is neat. I would love the ability to filter certain SMS messages. For example, I get a lot of SMS from twitter and I don't care about backing these up. Otherwise wonderful app.
It didn't work the 1st time that I installed it. I had to uninstall it & reinstall it. Now it works.
I have been using this app for years. It functions smoothly and backs up all your msgs in the background. Even when you change your phone, all your msgs will be just as you left them.
Works perfectly, every time for me. I have used it on both Samsung and ZTE so far, and have had no issues at all. Extremely convenient. I honestly can't do without it.
Bogus app . Keeps timing out and couldn't back up my texts
Please add android 6 support, doesnt work on Nexus 6p
Have to manually hit backup on one plus 3t as auto backup doesn't fire.
Doesn't work, says there's nothing to back up, despite setting it up properly.
It's amazing, every call logs, messages details get automatically update on Gmail. You can see your entire history of call log and messages.
Suddenly not backing up texts to gmail. Tried  everything. Loved the app until recently. Would give 5 stars to get back as functioning  2 days ago.
Great app, for some reason I've lost a few contacts, but we'll worth the small loss.
Nice app good job dev i appreciate i always wanted to backup my local msg and call logs but i cant because if i do a backup it will remain in that phone
Syncing to a GMail label keeps my SMS messages forever and makes them easily searchable across client devices.
Automatic backup does not work.  (Galaxy S7 Edge / Android 7.0)
I've been using this app since when I found it on 2 yrs back. All the  functions are worked fine till last update. Now whatsapp not getting backed  up.
Super app, since  one year I have been tried lot of apps to transfer data from my old android kitkat os to naughout successfully done
Unable to connect my gmail account with the app. Error message- disallowed useragent.
Please update for pixel2. Use to work great on other devices. I need the  function how it saves to a Gmail folder which other apps only to GDrive,  which isnt search-friendly for me.
Useless. does not work on my Samsung galaxy  s 4
I love this application, makes it easy to backup and restore SMS, I would love an interface overhaul, however, you never really look at it, just once for backup set up and then when restoring
Nice way to back up my texts for later reference. I never need to use the restore feature since I can just go into my Gmail to access old texts.
Great tool for backing app all phone contact, whatsapp, SMS, call log Whatsapp is not backing up anymore. Would be great if this is going to be fixed!
I've used this app for over 3 years, and it performs efficiently and reliably! It's a great tool for archiving important SMS messages! 5 ⭐
Won't back up received messages.  Tried over 4G and Wifi.  Can't find a setting.  It's just refusing to backup anything that was received.
Used to work amazingly well. Now the automated backups don't happen. I have to manually force a back up.
fantastic app - I've even made use of if when having left phone somewhere as you still receive emails in your gmail inbox
App used to backup regularly but now I have to manually backup even though it's set to auto!?  Please advise,  thank you!
Use to be good but now I can't restore. Comes with an error message when I try.
I keep getting an error message everytime I try to restore the messages
Misleading. Can't restore MMS. Backing up is useless if restoration isn't possible
Backs up all your text messages to your gmail account. A separate folder is created just for your SMS. You can select which set of messages to back up and even call logs. I have tried restoration yet.
I've been using this app for several years and I would definitely suggest it. It's been backing up flawlessly to my Gmail account.
Works like a charm really good to look at old old texts in Gmail...
Pointless. Backs up but doesn't restore. Isn't that the point of the app? Zero stars.
This app is AMAZING.  Truly a life saver. Other backup apps can't do what this one does.
Just upgraded to an iphone, really wish I could transfer my text messages to that phone but app isn't avail
The app is well designed and works well. I just wish i could choose longer intervals for automatic backup, for example evey 3 days, or every week.
Could live without it, of course...could live without a smartphone too. I consider this an essential tool for anyone who needs to record their SMS communication.
I had no problem earlier. Now it seems log in is not happening forget backup. Could you please check  and update.
Is there a way to restore the messages backed up from android to iphone?
It was perfect app but now its not as before, no auto backup, no backup of WhatsApp
There should be an option to backup locally as a xml file . Then able to restore from device it self. Also contacts and call history backup should be there ..
I've been using this app since KitKat. It still works excellently with Marshmallow, but the aesthetic is still stuck in 2014.
Compulsory asking to connect my Gmail otherwise it will not create backup locally. Waste.
been using this app for 4 years now i can no longer get all my messages back and i am very disappointed i no longer recommend this app for anyone
Requires logging into Gmail in a browser which is no longer supported by Google
This app is quick to fix its errors... Love this app saves directly to my email.. Love it
Stopped backing up my side of text messages which is a big problem
only lets me restore 10 at a time (I do this by starring the 10 I want) per person. if I do any more it just doesn't show up on my phone ever...
Thought it was a joke, but did the job, just like cutting cake!
I really liked this app, but restore ceases to work, even on a fresh ROM flash. Seems like updates and support are all but gone.
This has been a staple of every phone I've had since 2010.  Backups are as current as you want them.  Support for the app has never failed to impress.  💯
Pls make it to record call log and sms with the linked SIM number, so it will be easy to distinguish in case of dual sim. Otherwise it is very gud.
because this version is not working in my phone samsung s4. Please halp me.
Wonderful app. I have used this with my last 3 phones and have been able to preserve all of my call and SMS data. Have a beer or 2 on me!
It's missing is the ability to remove the Inbox label so that we don't see them in your inbox. Especially if you have a custom label setup.
Doesn't backup anything. Constantly "0 items backed up." Utterly worthless.
Since I upgraded my phone (Galaxy Edge) the app only backs up texts I've sent. Used to love this app, when it worked.
It is a very useful application when you need to have evidence from your texts and phone calls ;)
It crashes when ever it starts to backup my phone.  Even on auto backup.
Super useful for saving space on phone. I delete everything once a week and keep all the space for other uses. I tell all my friends about this app!
Super app but I dont know about the right access to gmail
It stopped recording the other person's texts. It's only saving what I text. I have all my settings correct.
The automatic backup does not work anymore. Please fix this.
when i tried to backup all my sms, it was saving both incoming and outgoing sms, but when i wanted to save conv with select contacts, it saved only the outgoing msgs.not happy!
Working alright with SMS Call Log but there is no provision for backing up Whatsapp message. It is shown on Youtube that Whatsapp messages can  also be backedup. Please help
The app refuses to download on my letv le 1s, though it worked perfectly for my previous phone, nexus 4 Please help me out..
Last update was 2015 and the mms restore is still not available this app has obviously been abandoned.  If this doesn't bother you then it s a 5☆ app.
Took hours to back up bit where did it go..  Not in my email,  cloud or drive..  Silly app..  Not worth the download
I would rate this app 5* , but it doesn't auto backup anymore. It use to and the settings show it does, but it does not.  Fix that issue and I'll give 5* again.
Can you please include "chat" back-up in your next update? The new Samsung S8 messaging app default setting is "chat" instead of "sms" and aren't being backed up since it's not being recognized as "sms".
Been using for years, never had any issues with the app its self just with verizons network connection lol
Works as it says. No glitches or confusion. Smooth easy to use. Definitely recommend
I wish to have a spam filter in this app. May be similar to truecaller.  But anyway this is really useful app.
Backups don't go to your Gmail's inbox. So filters don't work.
Oh my god!! I was using it for the first time and suddenly all my internal memory was full so I uninstalled the app. When I tried to reinstall it, 452MB space was required. What is this!! Storage info is showing 80% for other and 20% for remaining..Plzz reply..say something
How can I set it to back up to my internal card, or send me an email or storage device? Please send me details
This app is working beautifully! I'm still learning how to tweak settings, hopefully I won't screw it up. :-)
Backs up to Gmail or what ever email you wish.  Searching for text messages is easy and I can even back up to calendar.
I've used this app for years now and it's come in handy on more than one occasion. Every phone I've gotten this one of the first to get reinstalled.
This app works perfectly specially for people who are going through issues with someone else and need to keep documentation. Great for evidence for court.
I have a problem on Xiaomi Note    nothing to sync it said
Restore doesn't work. Emailed them, waiting for answer
I have edited my previous one star review. New version works fine again
Its not alway getting the other half of the conversation.  Please fix this.
I have been using this for years and finally donated as it is rock steady stable and it one of the more useful apps on my phone. Thanks Jan!
Awesome app! Saves all my text messages on to Email account. Really comes in handy. Download it!
The app was great til the last update. Now it doesn't want to backup all text just mine. Fix and it'll be 5 stars again.
It just works as described. Restore is even cooler as it puts the messages in my google calendar on dates sent as well as to device, new or existing
I love it! Very easy to use and it really helped me to transfer my text messages from my old android phone to a new one! Keep it up! :)
I love this app!! Still trying to fully understand the Gmail Tags so that I can better control what is on my phone and what is archived. Any hints?
Little slow but does the job.. a bit confusing app
Lately, doesn't do automatic backups. Have to enter app to force backup.
Does not backup sms notification that is separately created in Redmi Phone and also auto backup does not work with Redmi phones
Its good. But when restoring my old log, it takes almost 4 hours. Can u please make that fast in another update? 😂 😂
Works well and almost no impact on battery life. Been a fan since day 1.
That's a great idea... thought of like will be helpful a lot but it didn't work to Nougat. Could someone help me out??
Free,  but I want to donate because it's such a benefit to have.  Lost phone?  No problem.  All texts are there!
Did not work after talking several hours to process, but another app called  SMS Backup & Restore worked perfectly and quickly.
After going through a number of apps which didn't work as suggested, I finally found a working one..Love the app
I am using this app for long time. Thanks to the app maker.
Totally customizable. It runs without ever being noticed. But when I need to retrieve a text I log onto Gmail and I always find what I need!
Took a while to download for some reason but once installed it worked a treat. Great that you can actually search and browse the messages on your PC.
Works perfectly for keeping those important call logs, call history on my calendar and the all important text messages. This app is why I bought an Android phone.
I used to be able to select 1 certain tex message to back up. Now its gone. I don't need all conversations.
App should have both way sync option. So that deleted messages from phone will also delete from backup. It should have Google drive as backup location instead of Gmail.
It would be great if the dev would create another app with root permissions to backup whatsapp messages as earlier.. Really loved that feature
I took SMS backup and can see those on my Gmail account, Now how to transfer it back in my mobile. Kindly help
It used to work well but now suddenly it will only back up the incoming messages and not what I send out.  Not sure why.
Fantastic application, has saved my skin on more than one occasion. Keep up the awesome work!
Was a fan of this app but from recent few days this app.is not working. None of my messages are getting back  up to my gmail. Please fix it asap
Hi, can someone tell me if restoring sms is additive what I mean is - if I restore from a backup, it will be added to existing or it will replace the existing smses😁
How many months back up can get back??  Please answer quickly
Love this app, can search my text messages from Gmail using "label:sms " fantastic, runs in the background and never have to worry about it.
Been using it for a few years. Feature request: sync texts to cal too. Would love to get a response if this is planned or not.
Been using it for a couple years.  Love being able to search old messages from Google Inbox.
Now its not backing up everything I had program over 3 years and now its just now backing up for time periods please fix
DAV or cloudsync (without Google) would be awesome.
I have used this app for ages now. It is a "configure and forget" app which has worked seamlessly in the background. Don't think - just install this, configure it and forget about it.
Was the greatest app ever until my mms and calendar stopped backing... And sometimes I have to back up my sms manually...
No longer auto backups after update to S7 edge. Tried uninstalling, manual backup, various settings. Nothing works. Too bad, used to be a good app.
Very bad and fake app and bad experience don't download
I don't know where this app has been all my life, but now that I've found it...I'm putting a ring on it🤣
I've been looking all over my gmail to find the backup that I did on my old phone and I can't seem to find it
Its ok but you have to add auto hide. From me I just request ur team add hide system where Software individual or background..
Call me a hoarder but I've used this for years and always use it to save texts for new phones or if I need to do a factory reset.
Guys you are doing a great job. Believe me app developing is an art, and developing useful apps is sense. And you guys have it. Keep going on rock it.
Hi , the app is very good, but it would 've very nice if auto backup is available for huwai honor 4X and huwai honor 5X.
Automatic backup problem plz resolve it asap
Awesome. But, now-a-days, can't able to backup WhatsApp. Kindly help to solve it.
Great app. Is never failed to backup or restore. Has worked perfectly on all my past phones and Android OS' variations.
This took a bit of time because I had a crap ton of texts, but it worked well. Thank you!
App is getting slow uploading the texts to gmail tho
... what a superb app.   Very useful on older phones... Can safely delete info knowing it is safely held in GMail a/c.  THANKS Jan.
Worst app ever from so long I am using this app, when I am going to restore my messages I an not getting, now I am seeing it's real face and I loss my useful data pls don't go for this one, single star also waste for this junk
May I know why automatic backup setting not working, every time I have to take Backup manually.
It doesn't work! I waited an hour and it still be in 0% restore!!!!
Hi I sent a backup copy of my SMS to my email account since my old phone was stolen. I cannot restore it.  Please help thankss
Did exactly what it said it does !..👍 Migrated all my old text messages from my old phone to my new phone.. Of course the app needs to be downloaded to both* phones of course..
I don't use this app for backing up, instead for getting my phone calls to appear in my calendar. Really useful.
Backup your SMS to your email account and then use the power of Gmail search engine to review old conversations. Precious app!
I had to transfer over 16000 SMSs and MMSs combined. All of the apps except this one transferred fraction of the messages.
For work i need records of sms and the save format is so good.  Main reason why i don't go to iphone.
Doesn't auto backup, only saves my part of sms not other person I'm sms with. Please fix and get 5 stars
Add a search feature within the app and this would be the ultimate backup app out there. No complaints with current functionality; does what it is supposed to do.
Huge time required to restore and battery consuming.
Everytime when I click on the backup button it backup only call logs not the sms, even I selected both options for backup.
Super great app, backing up my messages and call logs to my inbox and calendar... Must have app!
Exactly only one word without SMS Backup+ I am may not alive it saved my memories Thank You
The sms are availAble in gmail but the last backup date for sms is april 30 whereas for call log is jul 16th...didn't make sense...
Been using this for a few years, never had a problem. Handy when you switch phones to transfer all your texts.
I always lose my phone and every time, without fail, this app restores all of my sms messages. Tried and tested!
This app is AWESOME!!! Restored each and every single one of my SMS messages and call history from my other Android phone. Quick and fast too!
If I backup messages and delete from my phone, next time I backup will it delete the older messages?
Worst ...getting too much time to sms backup...
Rooted my phone....was looking for SMS backup solution and the I found this app....worked like a charm for me.....installed new ROM got all my messages there.... Superb app....
Working pretty well backs up both sms and call log to Gmail account. Definitely worth five star rating
Just loved it. I was really amazed to see the backup as an archive on my Gmail folder
I am having trouble restoring the data that I back-uped with this app. Please help me.
Great for when you get a new phone but need all your old business texts back. Amazing app 5 Stars
I was jumping through hoops to get my messages archived in a mailbox for years. This does exactly what I want, without any hassle.
In my MI 5 auto backup not done please suggest me how to backup automatically. It's urgent. Thanks in advance.
The best way to move SMS (txt) from one Android phone to another. Have used it for a few years. Works as advertised
I download this every time I get a new phone, or when there's a need to hard reset my phone and every downloaded app gets deleted
Worked fine on Motorola motoG but won't do auto backup on Oppo A57
Backup your sms in gmail and no messages ever lost on phone formats or changing phones ever. Does what is says religiously in background
This was an awesome ap until i changed my Google password and now it wont work.support doesnt answer. Uninstalled
I don't think this works on group text and so overly complicated I never got it to backup anything. After several hours it never finished a backup.
When you use the restore feature it would be nice if it restored from newest to oldest instead of oldest to newest
This app works great - I've used it to restore messages when moving to another phone without any issues
Great app always worked for me, however I switched to the iPhone6s and wish you made it available for iPhones :/
I will give this app a 5 star if I was able to restore SMS. I have a Sony XA Ultra.
It is easy to use and is best app...,however the auto backup function doesn't work.This should be fixed immediately.
Please add back whatsapp support. I've had this app for ages, that was the best part of it. Great app nonetheless.... But bring the whatsapp support back please
One of the most solid apps I have used.  I have installed this on every phone since my Evo (2011).     It just works.   Always.
Very, very, very useful! I hope one day android system can have this feature, to back up our SMS automatically.
Very, very easy to use. The look and set up of the app is straightforward. Best sms backup app I've used so far.
Very easy to use and even though is not very fast, it backs up to your Gmail account which is excellent.
L'application ne fonctionne pas sur mon galaxy s3 android 4.3 elle s'installe sans pour autant demmarer  !
This app is so good but its very slow 👇51000 sms export to gmail a long time .
I wish all the app were as light and efficient as this one. It is surprising it is not done by default by Android.
I got nothing outta this app
This is the best app. Being able to move your texts to your email without having to do anything. What can you say...awesome.
Love that I no longer have to worry about losing special text message. The app is really easy to use and performs  exceptionally.
Auto backup doesn't work. Samsung S8.
Excellent app, even for its age! Happy to finally see an update meaning it  will be around for a few more years.
Awesome app for SMS & call log back-up. Would be very good if settings are there whether to back up read or un-read messages
Still it occopies the space in Internal Memory of phone and difficult to retrieve those SMSs from Gmail Account.
I absolutely love this app I can restore my messages to a new phone or if something happens to my phone I can restore messages I can keep all text messages that are related to my business great app
Using on Galaxy Note series, it backs up SMS, but not whatsapp. Tried on several Android phones, getting no backup for whatsapp.
It would be great if it would automatically back up like it's supposed to. I have it set to auto, but I have to go in and make it back up.
Worked exactly as promised. Was able to transfer my call log and text messages to my replacement phone without a hiccup
Easily my favorite app, pleas3 don't stop development. Have been using it from my Note 3 to my current S7. Thank you for this app.
Does exactly what it says on the tin. Smooth integration with Gmail. Simple  operation and scheduling. Can't complain!
I've used this app before to restore sms and it worked great. I just restored my phone over 500 sms were lost
My first review on this application in 2011 & I had given four star & after 5 years I would like to add one more star
2 👍's  up,absolutely Brilliant  Spot on  fast and exactly what is needed to save sms /logs  Wonderful App
I've used this app for years and it used to be excellent but auto backup no longer works. Fix coming at an undetermined time in the future.
Quit backing up my call logs about a month ago.
Works like it says, now whenever I need to restore my phone, gmail has it all thanks to this app.
This is the most trusted app for SMS backup I have used. This app has never failed me. I would recommend this app to anyone!
Really easy to use. I loved that it helped me easily backup and restore my sms messages when I switch phones!
Easiest way to back up text messages! Perfect,  I'm in love with the ease and how well it works!
The app worked great for about a week, but now only backs up my sent msgs, no incoming ones.
This app works like magic..move my old texts to a new phone in a flash. .didn't lose anything  ...Super!
This is the perfect "setup and forget" tool. Works flawlessly!
Very nice! Backs up to Google Drive and restores.  You can set to automated, times intervals due backup.
Still an absolute gem. Works on Galaxy S8 and Nexus 5. Seems to depend on your data connection for some reason
Otherwise it's good, but that's really the one thing I need, the MMS restore
Love the app. It would be awesome if it didn't separate convos in blocks of 100 messages, but it's still an awesome app
A very neat idea - old SMS is more useful to me in my gmail than on my phone.  Seems to work well.
This used to back up incoming and outgoing messages. Now it only backs up incoming messages. I wish this was fixed & I would give 5 stars
Backed up all of my texts and MMS :D And was so easy to use :)
1MB~~auto~~SMS + call log (Gmail) ~~long time~~just use for call log (security purpose)~~~restore ????
How come when I have advance messaging on my s8 it only backs up what I sent and not the response I receive?
I was under the impression that it does MMS messages, and group messages, so I used it, reset my phone, and now all group messages and pictures in messages are missing.
Doesn't works now a days..  Finally started using IFTTT and it does it much more than this app & that too in a better way..
Easy to use and trust app, backup all SMS&CALLLOG to email account. Satisfy my simple requirement.
It's a fantastic app!  Auto updating is a nice feature, but initial back is very late process
Hi can someone please help can't seem to back up whatsapp... Which is the reason I downloaded the app.
Best thing I ever did was get this app. Helped me in court! Thank you!
Works perfect on my Galaxy Note 4, but on my Nexus 6p, it does not catch the first few messages from a conversation....
Flashing roms all the time and forget to backup sms? This is the app for you
Great app , love it, Using it since last 3 years still i have backup of 2014 all of it like Sms,call log , contact .....
You have to set the app as your default messenger in order to restore data.
I needed to reset my phone and I used this app to hold my messages through email and it work all my messages and phone history saved
I have used this app for years and it always seems to work perfect and once installed I forget it is there till I need it.
Good app, however its not backing up my call log on Galaxy S7 or enhanced messages.
i have this app before...and i still have messages in my email...now i have again this app but i can t return messages from email..please help me???
How do i restore a certain persons conversation back to my text app without having to restore everyone's back ?!?
Love this app so many times I manage to restore and transfer messages and call list
Starting to continually crash and not backup
This app is so amazing like for real it's the best ever. Who ever made this you're a genius. God bless you for this.
I want to know where is back up file place.? I need to copy it to computer. Can you help me, please
Wonderful! It makes me easy to check the messages that I have deleted from my phone on the internet anytime.
trash wasted my time smh
I needed it to backup my sms during phone wipe. Works well. Thank you!
This app keeps track of texts when you don't want to keep them on your phone forever.
Only backing up one side of the conversation,  mine. Not the other people. Use to work fine. Any help?
Doesn't backup group SMS OR MMS but the rest works.
This program is super simple and it works exactly how you would expect.  Easy interface as well.  Just works!
How can I know that my sms backuped or not? If the backup completed how can I restore it again after reset my phone?
Using since 1st android phone and havnt lost single sms since den
The app only backs up received messages. The rest of the conversation is missing.
For a while now the app only saves the messages I send to my Gmail. What's the fix??
Doesn't auto backup at all. Caught it twice now having not backed up messages for ages. App would not display logs.
Love it, backed up all of my texts, useful as I annually factory reset my phone.
Good app but seems to not work every now and then. Wish dev updated it and materialized the ui.
The best of this kind: no fuzz, no other apps to install.  I am going to make a donation soon.
Since upgrading to Android Nougat it no longer does an auto backup.
Best app for SMS transfer to new phone .Other such apps I tried did not work for me.
Much better for finding old conversations than backups from other apps which save as csv or xls . I happily donated.
I set up all the backup settings but,I can't find out how you get to the texting screen!?
Why do you need control of my email?? I just need something to save SMS logs and call logs
Probably the only app I've had since my first Android device and still on of the first I install.
One of the first apps I install on a new phone to recover all previous text messages.
wont use bc it requires email connection.
Ok but time to log into google is very late even I set automatically backup every minute
Please add contact backup also. Got my all sms from last cel
Bastard maker of this aap v poor aap
I want to restore my one months  back sms not one hrs and 3hrs back sms
I made a back up today at 4 because I was going to swap phones and didn't want to wait at the tmobile store forever to wait for the switch. When I swapped the phones and went to restore it said last restore was in 2013 which was my first backup. Now all my messages since are gone. Please help.
It seems to back them up, but I can not find them in my email.
Use to be a good app...now all it does is crash and won't back up anything
This app is a simple and straightforward app that backs up your contacts and messages to your gmail account. It works.
specially if you change your phone and u want to have your texts all in one place...
This app is very good to auto backup your call logs and sms.
Its not backing up my whatsapp conversation can u please fix
Great App, really saved my time, very happy to have such a small and useful tool in my phone.
But need update with add whatsapp,viber backup
Great to keep a backup and log of your SMS and calls. Never had an issue
Quit backing up two thirds of the  way through the process.
Made a backup with a different app and when I trued to restore it wouldn't. I downloaded this app and was able to restore my stuff.
It did not back up all the texts nor did it copy both sides of the conversation
Really great! Backup to gmail label works perfectly. 5 stars not enough ...
It works great but have a number it won't backup and really need that one to back up not sure why
Works wonderfully! All automated to gmail, I use gmail to place it under another label. Such intergration!
Excellent app! Recommended tool for every phone change, and safety backup. Great job Mr. Developer!
Only backs up my side of the conversation???? Needed proof for court and all i get is my side of the conversation. Dont bother, waste of time
Auto backup not working ok on my ASUS Zenfone Max
I only get one half of the conversation in the backup now. How do I fix this?
Works amazingly, is super small (under 4 MB). Great little app. Would recommend to everyone.
Perfection.  Does what it says, with no problems. Backs up and restores messages to your Google account how and when you want.
It showing the last backup item date as 2018. Is it backing up the feature data ??? Lol Please correct the bug.
I love this app but it drains the battery so quickly. If you can fix this it will be perfect.
Love this app, when I switch phones my sms's R restored to my new device
But it I think it only save 100 messages per email..  Please make it to maximum
Feature request: save settings and restore automatically from Google backup. Other than that, perfect!
Iam using Redmi note there is no WhatsApp backup features.Please tell what to do.
can't get it to attach to my Gmail account at all on this new phone
Works flawlessly. Needs just internet connection and all your call logs and sms will be in your gmail box.
Helps a lot when changing phones, or using multiple devices. Must have program for anyone. Set it and forget it.
Does not seem to work with phone Samsung 8+
Needs permission for access to emails
I love this app. Easy to use, and all texts are saved in one convention location.
I'm guessing restoring MMS is a no go considering the app haven't been updated in awhile..
The best backup app for msg and call history. I tried many but this worked awesome
Yaha sey mujhe jo backup lia hai? Woh msgs kahaa show hongey?
Very handy if u want to hv access to sms n call log when u r away from ur mobile
EXCELLENT. Is there a way to delete old backups?
I want to know where its SMS and calls history stored. Where I can find??
I have used this app for several years. I recently needed a message from a few years ago, and it was easy to find.
Hopefully picture backup will be included in a future update.
Very useful and easy to use backup and restore solution for email, txt, and call logs.
This is great app for backup restore sms
Not working on miui i.e xiaomi mobile phones, does not automatically backup.... Please fix it
Been using it like for the past 7 years... My must have list always have a place for this app.
*****UPDATE: Backup doesn't seem to work with Google's new messaging app Allo.
It's a must have and Best app for automatic backup of your  SMS and call log. Whtasapp backup must be included.
Scheduled back up is not functioning, every time it's need to do manual back up. Pls advise.
Madhar chod ye kaya chdhaya hai land ho raha hai backup
Comes without adware bundled in. Great product. Wish it would include both contact & app backup.
It's really nice app. Save your imported sms as well as help to restore as it is
It make all SMS call log searchable in gmail account
Awesome, easy to use, nice gui, does exactly as it supposed. I like the fact that it does one job and does it perfectly
This works perfectly what I was looking for. Backup All SMS and Call Log to the Gmail. Best app in this category.
It only takes 5mins to configure and you never have to give it another thought. JUST PERFECT!
Didn't put SMS and MMS messages in any type of printable order.
all settings are good but whatsapp messages not going to gmail. any body reply?
Unable to connect to Google account
I rarely rate apps but I had to rate this I love this app!! Best app ever!  Does what it says and is simple to use!
It keeps becoming idle and won't restart and finish the backup
App used to work but seems to miss backing up outgoing text. No development support.
Automatic backup will not working please solve this
Does what I want it to do. If only the auto backup component was more reliable with my phone.
I wouldn't use any other backup app after using this
can't backup call log after Google Phone app updated
Galaxy Edge 6 Verizon
Any time i findout my sms or call logs through gmail good application very use...
call log auto back up is not happening
Great! Easy to use and offering to switch messaging back was a nice touch, thanks for your help!
Backup doesn't happen per schedule anymore.
Makes you log into Gmail account before you could use
Interesting that the only backup there is requires my Gmail with Permissions : Read, Send and Manage your Email   No thanks
First app I download. Texts can be used as evidence. Mucho importante'!!!!
I put my Gmail account in it and I can not find where it stores it
I've been using this app on a S3 for a couple of years and never had an issue
Nice app but auto backup functionality does not work at all on modern Android.
On my Samsung g2, HTC Incredible 1 and 2, Moto X 2013, and now on my LG G2
I think this the end of this app it has no auto back
I can't restore my message and call log back to my mobile..very frustrating for me...
I never have to worry if something is deleted off my phone!
Do you guys have plans to support Telegram messages backup?
It doesn't restore all my backed up messages it's missing the whole year from today's today's date
The UI looks a bit dated, but it did the job perfectly, and most importantly, for free! Great job, devs!
Easy to use and backed up all of my texts to my email!
This does not seem to support whatsapp, which was why I installed it
This app is a piece of crao. Now I've lost everything :@
One of the first apps I install after factory reset
I really love this App but is there anyway to be able to back up enhanced messages?
Why no offline backup option , why force Gmail access .
Really good.  Like the idea of a donation too, of which I have paid. Good work !
Works fine. Managed to transfer all my texts from old phone to new phone with no problems
My dad was easily able o transfer his contacts to his new phone.
Great App.. Easy to use.. Restored all of my messages and call logs from old phone to new phone
Have been using this for years now, works perfect every single time! Great job, Jan Berkel!!! 👍👍👍
I have had no issues, love it BUT it needs to get MMS capability.
Backup to Gmail(sms and call logs ) . Auto backup and restore.
Very functional app. Easy to use. Backups our call history and text messeges in Gmail. Easy to restore the data.
I love this app. The only minus is that it does not include WhatsApp chats in the backup.
Absolutely could not be without this app. Backup SMS mms and call logs to Google account.
Been using this since this apps launched. However pls return the feature of backup whatsapp.
This app has come in handy professionally and personally.   Easy to use.  Highly recommend
Very easy to use. I would recommend this for anyone looking to transfer SMS between devices.
Nicely done the back up to Google! I like it a lot. I wish I could back up the media too!
Please add an option to backup only over wifi
Osm application...All my imp deleted msg has been restored..thnx team
Backup the media with the text message. Can not find that feature.
Ive used this app to back up YEARS of SMS
Can not find whatsapp history on my gmail
By far the best app to back up your SMS and call history
I hope to make programme for contact like sms
They need to bring back automatic backup please
Very good app.. it restored every sms and call log from old mobile to new .
Good app...bt whr i cn c the deleted messeges..xnt find it pls hlp
It should have an option to save device storage.
I love the fact that you can use any standard IMAP service to back to!
Easy to use and just what I needed thank you so much for this awesome app!
Any update on the MMS restore feature? 5 star once added.
Really simple to use and love the standard dark theme. Donation sent! Thank you.
"This app has saved me from completely loosing phone numbers and text"
Nice app to backup and restore SMS and call logs. Grt  job kudos
Have never lost a message, even when changing phones or doing a factory reset
Stores txts call logs & contacts to ur default email
Love it if I want to keep I n free up my phone this works great for that
Transferred my old SMS messages to my new phone work very well would recommend this
When will the MMS backup feature become available?
Its Awesome It Can Create Call & Masseges Backup  And Easy To Restore
Backs up your text to Gmail... Simplest explanation
Very easy to use, it easily let's me store texts for use later.
My mail does not connect with this app
Plz add this option to backup
Plz explain the procedure how to take whatsapp message backup using ths app
The Best App for Backup All Messages and Calls History to Google
Moving to a different phone and this is the best way to back up the messages!
why need access for everything. i only want sms backup.
No option to restore from existing xlm file.
Can y'all put restore MMS on this app plz
This app worked when smart switch wouldn't. Easy to use and reliable.  Perfect!
Best sms mms backup app for gmail
Auto backup not working. Please fix
I love it! Makes it so easy to switch phone or flash new ROM.
Found the website. Did not find answer to question.
Does not auto backup as advertised. Does not backup MMS
Doesn't backup all texts to email. Picks and chooses.
Fantastic idea using Gmail to backup the SMS. Works perfectly for me. Simple effective.
Always on always working. Need to print? Easily done with this app
Used to work great, but doesn't auto backup anymore.  Please help.
Can I take a back up of andriod mobile and restore it in iPhone will that work
Been using this app for years over about 10 phones. Simple to use
Please add "only auto backup when charging" option !!
Love it. Perfect way to store SMS and call logs on the cloud.
Don't waste time just download this app. It's the best around.
Same message stored multiple times. Backup and Restore takes too much time.
Vary useful app. I like it, good result to back up sms & more.
Very useful and nice application. Gmail user must go for it blind eyes.
Does the job nicely with no hassle. Only does not backup Whatsapp.
This app is amazing! I use it every time I need to do a factory reset!
Best backup app. Must have for backup of all text messages sent and received.
Cant restore my back up
Auto backup feature is not working
Can't thank the developer enough.. super work, super useful!
Awesome and easy backup app. Used for years very reliable. Glad you are back
Superb app for backing up call logs and SMS to email account for lifetime.
So good, permanent record of sms in my gmail now!
Should be native android feature. Get this app.
Pls start WhatsApp backup support
Great to access our call log anywhere from gmail.
Very very useful,nice & simple app in small size.Thanks to you devloper .
Does all but no backup of whatsapp :-( please look into this :-(
Cannot delete server sms.
I uninstalled this app because of how much space it takes. 664kb, come on!!
Amazing App to backup SMS& call logs... very simple process
Switched over to the iPhone and have to say I really miss this app and wish it was in the iPhone.
call log is not restoring on xperia c 4.2.2. Please fix
Very useful app to get your message restored when phone is changed.
Amazing application. It does exactly what it is supposed to do. Never made me feel bad.
This app is the best app in back up work (sms to gmail)
MMS support would be great for restoration, but the app is excelent already.
Just love the app. Restored all the message without any hassle. Keep it up.
Not sure yet... Why does it need to be able to view and delete email?
Could you consider to backup openwhisper's signal messages?
I like it it so easy to backup sms mms and call history
Yes we can backup SMS in our gmail account
Best backup app available. Does exactly what I need and nothing more.
Back up sms's to email in real time. Awesome. Thank you!
For a free app I Love It bro. - Peace out.
The best app for backing up messages. Just wish it was a bit quicker.
Perfect app for moving SMS messages to my new phone. Simple and useful.
One of the best app for backup of message and call log.. keep it up Guys....
Would like if the UI was updated to material design.
We can backup through app or gmail account...
No support for Android Nougat
Great way to keep a messaging log. Easy to use.
Exactly what I was looking for. Easy to use,  set it and forget it. Well done
Very easy way to transfer texts between devices.
Great app, would be perfect if can bring back whatsapp :)
Excellent app to backup messages and restore. Very efficient, easy to use.
Excellent app to backup SMS, calls to Gmail
Great app. Worked well. Easy to use. Resolved my sms migration issue.
Customizable, easy to use, transfers to email automatically.
Restored my texts according to app but no texts show up.
Best option to back up and restore your call log and mesaages
Very nice way to keeping contact in loop
Thanks for this app...  I looking for this kind of software.....  Thank you so much..............
Was able to copy contacts from gingerbread to lollipop easily
If the restore limit can increase to say 2000 would be perfect
Great user interface, easy to use, excellent. Must-have app.
An awesome app to backup call logs and SMS till date
Works very nicely. Highly recommend for SMS that need record keeping.
Wat about watsapp messages backup?? Can we take backup of watsapp messages???
Able to port my SMS from a Samsung galaxy to mi Redmi phone...
Can i recover my massenger chat... from this app??
A useful tool to save your texts.
Backup sms to Gmail account is the best part.
