Excellent collection of card games. All my favorites. Many options to customize games how you like. Can't believe it's free and ad free.
Hey friend I like your game very much but hearts solitaire is missing in this game please add hearts solitaire in these game.
Works good! No ads!!! Thank you! Please add Hearts.
Add free but win free also it becomes so easily predictable a short way through a game that there is no chance of winning (in klondike at least ) that you can start a new game but it is so boring I cannot belive the so called random deal of the cards three of some follow by two of another or all low cards in one game and high in another I'm not stupid I've played klondike or patience for years with real cards and never played 12 games without a win ! Uninstalled
Best solitaire app...got it on my phone and tablet. Wish I could download it to my pc?
Good app but the graphics are so small you need a magnifying glass to play the game
this app is going to cost me /hours/. very nice. thank you.
Game is good but some time crash on landscape mode.
Freecell is terrible, can't see the numbers and figures. Unable to play on landscape. I changed the fonts to large in Android, accessibility setting. Don't know if this could cause a problem.
*Waiting for additional new games! Good game application. Thanks for providing a game application without disturbing advertisements. Please include few more card games - 1. Indian Rummy 2. Thousand card game (1000) 3. Bluff card game (420) 4. Hearts Thanks
This is a really great solitaire implementation and thank you very much for offering it free without ads. I only wished the 'AI' would be less stupid. It always seems to take the worst option when double tapping cards as a shortcut :-)
Good games it makes a grest differance to be without ads ...can you please tell me how to change the deck into the spanish deck
Best solitaire collection out there. Love it. Thanks. Been playing it awhile now love the changes.
Thank you for making this so simple to play on mobile.
New Review: Awesome! It can now be moved to the SD card (went from 23+ MB to 7+ MB) Thank you Tobias! Old Review: Only issue I'm having with it is... I can not move it to the SD card (which would be nice to be able to do, considering it's install size). I have a Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime running android version 5.0.2
For those of you who played the hell out of the Ken Magic Solitaire app and are disappointed that it's unplayable since it hasn't been updated in seven years, this is the replacement you want. P. S. It's even better, with more games, a smoother interface, and still zero ads. This now takes the title of the best Solitaire app on Google Play. Thank you, Tobias!
Problem with Vegas Solitaire. Unable to reuse the discard pile. They will not return to the main pile!!! I enjoy the variety of Solitaire options on this app.
Nice collection of games. A must for when you need to kill time.
Awesome! Best free solitaire game on the play store
No Vegas. No good. Reply to Dev: learn the rules of Vegas. What you call Vegas is NOT Vegas! Tapping a card once should move it, as well. To be fair, you're offering a lot, but all I care about is Vegas. Buy in is $52, payout is $5/card, no recycle of deck, etc. Look it up for more.
I've now been using this game for six months and have changed my review. It is superb. Great selection of solitaire games. Card speed is configurable.and best of all no annoying ads. Great job. Love it.
Play it all the time, only thing I extra I'd like is the option to turn off some games so they don't show up, but other than that, it's perfect.